<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1890671_0001493152-23-010120.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3146208</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>260489</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>617543</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>825602</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>663443</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>713099</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010120.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331141715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUET Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001890671
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				872744116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41237
		FILM NUMBER:		23786603

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7867537867

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010120.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

. 
 , , 
 , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Office) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

+ - 

 (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Global Market
 LLC 

The
 Global Market LLC 

The Global Market
 LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s units held by non-affiliates was approximately million, based on the number of shares held by non-affiliates
and the last reported sales price of the registrant s shares as of that date. 

As
of March 31, 2023, shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 per share par value, and shares of Class B common stock,
 0.0001 par value, were issued and outstanding, respectively. No securities were held by nonaffiliates as of the end of the second quarter. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 6 

Item 1. Business 
 6 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 26 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 

Item 2. Properties 
 28 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 
 PART II 
 29 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 

Item 6. Reserved 
 30 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 33 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 33 
 
 PART III 
 34 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 34 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 42 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 44 
 
 PART IV 
 45 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 46 
 
 Signatures 
 47 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

This
Annual Report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements which are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Some of the statements in this Annual Report
constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or future financial condition. These
forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our
company, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

our
 disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and any material weaknesses of the foregoing; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

3 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Annual Report entitled
 Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be
required under applicable securities laws. 

We
use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, seeks, 
 plans, estimates, targets and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Part I 
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove
to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions
include our ability to originate new loans and investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional
capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. 

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report,
and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised
to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
the section titled Risk Factors , alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

4 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and members of our management team have
agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of
your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
your shares. 

The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination may
give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct
due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to
complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, in which
case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which
case our public stockholders may only receive 10.15 per unit, or less than such amount in certain circumstances. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors
and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring
and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our
share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a
business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control
of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the
efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our
securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.012 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate
and substantial dilution from the purchase of the shares of our Class A common stock. 

Since our sponsor paid only approximately 0.012 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make
a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our sponsor and our management team including their affiliates and including the businesses referred to herein, may
not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business that we may acquire. 

Our sponsor, DUET Partners LLC, is controlled by non-U.S. person and has substantial ties to non-U.S. persons in Malaysia. As much, we
may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be
subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in
the United States (CFIUS), and ultimately prohibited. 

5 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us,
 and our refer to DUET Acquisition Corp. 

Overview 

We
are a newly-organized blank check company incorporated in September 2021 as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect
a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more
businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities
as well as activities related to this offering. 

If
the Business Combination (as defined below) is not consummated, we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity
in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, though we intend to focus on industries that complement our management
team s background and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business focusing on
sectors where our management team has extensive experience. There is no restriction on the geographic location of targets we can
pursue; however, we expressly disclaim any intent to and will not consummate a business combination with a target business located
in China or Hong Kong. Sectors we plan on exploring include, but are not limited to, middle market enabling technology 
companies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, initial public
offering, and identifying a target for our initial business combination. 

The
Company s sponsor is DUET Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). Our management team is
led by our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Yeoh Oon Lai and Dharmendra Magasvaran. 

Mr.
Yeoh has been serving as Co-Chief Executive Officer of DUET Acquisition Corp. since November 2021. Prior to this, Mr. Yeoh has served
in multiple C Level roles in consumer retail and entertainment with a stellar track record in commercial leadership and extensive multi-category,
multi-format, and channel experience. He brings over two decades of deep strategic and operational experience in the consumer industry
to the Company s management team. Mr. Yeoh was the Chief Executive Officer of TGV Cinemas from September 2017 to August 2020 (a
leading cinema chain under the Usaha Tegas Group owned by Ananda Krishnan). During his tenure, for the fiscal years of 2018 and 2019,
TGV Cinemas attained its highest levels of revenue and profitability in its twenty-five-year history, whilst accelerating a transformative
digital and technology strategy. Mr. Yeoh served as Chief Executive Officer of FJ Benjamin (M) (a specialty retail group in Southeast
Asia) from November 2012 to April 2017, overseeing a portfolio of notable brands across the fashion to luxury spectrum (Guess, Superdry,
Gap, Banana Republic, La Senza, Celine, Loewe, Marc Jacobs, and Bell Ross). During this period, as the SEA Superdry head, he spearheaded
the successful multi-market launch of Superdry in three Southeast Asia territories Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia. From February
2010 to November 2012, Mr. Yeoh was the Country Head of Esprit de Corp (M), a global apparel brand with a long history in Asia. His tenure
resulted in three years of record profitability for the local subsidiary. As the Country Head and Managing Director of Fossil Time (M)
from November 2006 to February 2010, Mr. Yeoh led the pioneering team which built the Fossil retail business locally and was recognized
as the best operating subsidiary in Asia in 2009 within the Fossil Asia Group. Mr. Yeoh earned a BBA in Finance from the University of
Texas at Austin and was also an ASEAN scholar during his early education in Singapore. 

6 

Mr.
Magasvaran has been serving as Co-Chief Executive Officer of DUET Acquisition Corp. since November 2021. Previously, Mr. Magasvaran had
been serving as a partner for Deloitte Digital South East Asia (SEA) and a Digital Leader within the Deloitte Consulting SEA firm from
September 2017 until July 2021. Given his strong consulting pedigree and 22-year tenure in the consulting digital business, he
was, and is still, a digital coach to senior business leaders helping them create value from digital and data disruption. He has helped
grow the digital practice to a triple-digit sized team with a direct multi-million dollar revenue at highly profitable margins. The team s
transformation offerings span across digital value chain, covering digital strategy, customer experience, content, commerce, marketing
services and digital delivery. He architects and implements ground-breaking digital solutions for clients. Recent client successes include
helping a banking client digitally transform their wholesale banking capability, an oil gas major to leverage sales and servicing
to drive further top line growth and synergies across their business, a new digital proposition for a global multinational bank with
a unique and differentiated route to market, driving transformation for corporate banking b2b service efficiency, helping a healthcare
provider embark on a digital transformation journey, helping a bank design, build and launch a new digital business offering across two
markets, helping an industrial products client extend its market reach leveraging digital marketing and commerce capabilities to enhance
partner experience, lower cost to serve to ensure economical scaling of reach and providing 1:1 partner marketing opportunities to drive
further partner intimacy. Mr. Magasvaran is a digital thought leader driving the latest thinking across Digital Transformation, 
 Marketing as a Service, and Omnichannel Commerce. Mr. Magasvaran served in various roles with Accenture from
November 1999 until April 2017. In his final role with Accenture, he was the managing director for Accenture Interactive SEA from December
2012 until April 2017, helping drive similar capability, practice and business builds in the region. He made managing director in Accenture
in 2012, after an accelerated 12-year career at Accenture. At Accenture, client successes included helping a telco redefine customer
experience through a digital reinvention of the telco store, helping one of the largest coffee retailers think and go digital,
digital salesforce enablement of a life sciences company, rejuvenating an airlines digital sales and servicing ecosystem and launch of
Asia s first internet television proposition.Mr. Magasvaran graduated from Imperial College, London in 1999 with a BEng 1 st
 Class Honours degree in Information Systems Engineering. 

Initial
Public Offering 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 19, 2022. On January 24, 2022,
the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 8,625,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common
stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000
(the Initial Public Offering ). The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,125,000
Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 390,000 units
(the Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 3,900,000
(the Private Placement ). 

Subsequently,
on January 24, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional
Units occurred (the Over-allotment Option Units ). The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 1,125,000 units at a price
of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 11,250,000. On January 24, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment
Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 33,750 Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of 337,500.
The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve
a public offering. 

A
total of 87,543,750 comprised of the proceeds from the Offering and the proceeds of private placements that closed on January 24, 2022,
net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of
the Company s public stockholders. 

7 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
July 25, 2022, DUET entered into a definitive Business Combination Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Business Combination Agreement with Anteco Systems, S.L., trading as AnyTech365, a company incorporated in Spain and registered at the Commercial Registry of Malaga
under reference MA-122108 (the Target ), Millymont Limited, a private limited company incorporated in Ireland Holdco ),
Duet Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco Merger Sub ), J. Streicher Technical
Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company J. Streicher ), Miguel ngel Casales Ruiz and Thomas Marco Balsloev,
as the sellers representatives (the Sellers Representatives and Lee Keat Hin, as the Company s representative
(the Purchaser Representative ). 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, upon the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination ), the parties will (a) effect the merger of Merger
Sub with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco (the DUET
Merger ), as a result of which (x) the Company will issue shares of the Class A Common Stock of the Company to Holdco, with such
amount of shares to be determined in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, (y) all of the issued and outstanding
shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company held by the Company s stockholders (other than Holdco) shall be converted into ordinary
shares of Holdco at a one-for-one ratio, and (z) each outstanding warrant of the Company will be assumed by Holdco and automatically
adjusted to become exercisable to purchase one ordinary share of Holdco; (b) immediately prior to the AnyTech Merger (as defined below),
effect the sale of 49.999999 of the issued share capital of the Target from the stockholders of the Target to Holdco for an aggregate
purchase price of 26,250,000 pursuant to that certain amended and restated share purchase agreement by and among Holdco, J. Streicher,
the Sellers Representatives, and the stockholders of the Target (the SPA and (c) effect the merger of the Target
into Holdco, with Holdco continuing as the surviving entity (the AnyTech Merger and together with the DUET Merger, the
 Mergers ), as a result of which the stockholders of the Target will receive ordinary shares of Holdco with a value on of
 26,250,000, all upon the terms set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, the obligations of the parties to consummate the Business Combination are subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective parties, including, without limitation: (i) the representations and
warranties of the respective parties being true and correct subject to the materiality standards contained in the Business Combination
Agreement; (ii) material compliance by the parties of their respective pre-closing covenants and agreements, subject to the standards
contained in the Business Combination Agreement, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the SPA; (iii) the approval
by the Company s stockholders of the Business Combination; (iv) the approval by the Target s stockholders of the Business
Combination; (v) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) with respect to the Company
or with respect to the Target since the effective date of the Business Combination Agreement that is continuing and uncured; (vi) the
expiration or termination, as applicable, of any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the consummation of the Business
Combination Agreement under any antitrust laws; (vii) the receipt of all consents required to be obtained from or made with any governmental
authority in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; (viii) the existence of Minimum
Cash Proceeds (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) of at least 10,000,000; (ix) the entry into certain ancillary agreements
as of the Closing; (x) the lack of any notice or communication from, or position of, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC requiring the Company to amend or supplement the Registration Statement on Form F-4 containing a prospectus and proxy
statement (as amended or supplemented, the Form F-4 (xi) the approval of the listing of the ordinary shares and
warrants of Holdco on the Nasdaq Global Market and (xii) the receipt of certain closing deliverables. 

Our
Business Strategy 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, while we may pursue an alternative business combination target in any industry
or geographic location, we intend to focus our search on industries that complement our management team s background and to capitalize
on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on middle market enabling technology 
companies. Our objective is to focus on middle market and emerging growth businesses operating with a total enterprise value from 200
million to 2 billion, which may be located throughout the world. 

We
believe that acquiring a leading high-growth technology company or assets in middle market enabling technology 
companies will provide a platform to fund consolidation and fuel growth for our company. There is no restriction in the geographic
location of targets we can pursue, although we would ideally intend to prioritize the Asia-Pacific region as the
geographical focus; however, we expressly disclaim any intent to and will not consummate a business combination with a target
business located in China or Hong Kong. 

8 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we believe that there is a large pool of quality initial business combination
targets looking for exit opportunities with an increasing number of private equity (or PE) and venture capital (or VC) activities in
the certain regions, which provides us opportunities given what we believe are the limited exit options for mid-market companies in the
region. Also, we believe that the technology and tech enabled industries represent a particularly attractive deal sourcing environment
that will allow us to leverage our team s skill sets and experience to identify an initial business combination which can potentially
serve as a strong platform for future add-on acquisitions. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic caused a profound disruption in the global economy with many companies struggling to adapt to the constraints of operating
during the pandemic and the ensuing paradigm shift in consumer behavior and preferences. Technology has proven to be an essential enabler,
with companies adapting and developing technology and digital ecosystems as they pivot to survive and compete in a new normal environment. 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we will pursue an alternative business combination target, identifying either
a company with an ability to make the technology leap as the pathway to sustained growth and/ or related change
maker enabling technology companies with a significant Asia-Pacific presence or compelling Asia-Pacific potential. 

The
intersection of middle market companies and technology complements the expertise of our management team. In the event the Business Combination
is not consummated, we will seek enterprises that offer a differentiated value proposition that delivers greater meaning and relevance
to the modern customer. These enterprises will likely possess unique digital and technology propositions thereby creating a strong barrier
to entry. Combined with a large addressable market, the pathway for sustainable growth and profitability is ripe for the taking. 

Our
Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into
our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Target
Size : Consistent with our investment thesis as described above, we plan to target businesses with total enterprise values ranging
from 200 million to 2 billion in the technology industry, specifically middle market enabling technology companies. 

Businesses
with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant
revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense
reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Businesses
with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to
generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We intend to focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams
and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order
to enhance stockholder value. 

Strong
Management . We will seek companies with strong management teams already in place. We will spend significant time assessing a
company s leadership and human fabric, and maximizing its efficiency over time. 

Benefit
from Being a Public Company . We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly-traded and can
effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

Appropriate
Valuations and Upside Potential . We intend to apply rigorous, criteria-based, disciplined, and valuation-centric metrics. We
intend to acquire a target on terms that we believe provide significant upside potential while seeking to limit risk to our investors. 

9 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time
our management may deem relevant. 

Initial
Business Combination 

We
have up to 15 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate
that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors
if requested by our Sponsor, extend the period of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination by an additional 3
months, subject to our Sponsor purchasing additional Private Placement Units in connection with such extension. Our stockholders will
not be entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, in order to extend the period of time to consummate an initial business combination in such a manner, our
Sponsor, upon no less than five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must purchase an additional 86,250 Private
Placement Units at 10.00 per unit and deposit the proceeds of such purchase into the Trust Account on or prior to the date of the applicable
deadline. Our Sponsor is not obligated to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. This structure is unlike
the structure of similar blank check companies, which generally are only permitted to extend the time period to complete an initial business
combination in connection with an amendment to their certificate of incorporation. 

In
addition to our Sponsor s ability to extend our deadline to consummate an initial business combination by three months by purchasing
additional Private Placement Units as described above, we may also hold a stockholder vote at any time to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to modify the amount of time we will have to consummate an initial business combination (as well as to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination
within the time periods described herein or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity). As described herein, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed that they will not propose
any such amendment unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any
such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
subject to the limitations described herein. On March 24, 2023, we filed a definitive proxy statement with the SEC in connection with
the solicitation of proxies for a Special Meeting of Stockholders, to be held on April 19, 2023 (the Special Meeting ).
At the Special Meeting, our stockholders will be asked to vote on a proposal (the Extension Amendment Proposal to amend
the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business
combination from April 24, 2023 to January 24, 2024, subject to nine one-month extensions. Our public stockholders will have the opportunity
to redeem their public shares in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. If the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, the
Sponsor, or its affiliates or permitted designees, will be required to deposit into the Trust Account the lesser of (x) 175,000 or (y)
 0.055 per share for each public share that is not redeemed in connection with the Special Meeting for each such one-month extension. 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not
able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such
criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair
market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of
a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally,
pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

10 

The
structure of the Business Combination is described above under Proposed Business Combination. As in the Business Combination,
we anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own
shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. If the Business Combination is
not consummated, we may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires
less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target
business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other
equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more
than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will
treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval,
as applicable. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. 

Our
Business Combination Process 

If
the Business Combination is not consummated, in evaluating prospective business combinations, we will conduct a thorough due diligence
review process that encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of
facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. We also seek
to utilize the expertise of our management team in analyzing companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and
determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event the Business Combination is not consummated and we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that
is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain an opinion in any other context. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any
of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our
company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us
to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

11 

Our
Management Team 

Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they devote as much of their time
as they, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business
combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination
process we are in. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and
relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of
their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in the data
center and technology industries. This network has grown through the activities of our management team having served as directors or
officers for numerous publicly-listed and privately-owned companies and experience with acquisitions, divestitures and corporate strategy
and implementation. 

Status
as a Public Company 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner
to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through
a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have
greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests
than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and
vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may,
for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A Common Stock (or shares of a new holding
company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A Common Stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific
needs of the sellers. 

Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial
public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there
are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road
show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions,
which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business
combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public
company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

12 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following January 24, 2027, the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A Common Stock that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled
or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30 th . 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of 86,004,661 as of December 31, 2022, we offer a target business
a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its
operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business
combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient
combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we
have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

The
structure of the Business Combination is described above under Proposed Business Combination. As described above, we intend
to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement
of the private placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant
to backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders
or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company
or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous
risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

13 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
Common Stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we are targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to
complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete
such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination
funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business
combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing.
There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds
through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we anticipate that target business candidates are brought to our attention from
various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses are also brought to our attention
by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources introduce us to target businesses
in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the prospectus of our initial
public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates,
also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal
or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. 

In
addition, in the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we expect to receive a number of deal flow opportunities that would
not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor
and their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize
in business acquisitions on any formal basis, in the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we may engage these firms or
other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to
be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent
our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders
approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment
of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held
in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors be paid any finder s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in
connection with a contemplated initial business combination except as set forth herein. We pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related
to identifying, investigating, and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment
or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any
such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business
combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently
have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

14 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination, as was the
case with the Business Combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors
based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based
on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable
businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination,
we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make
an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar
or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s
assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business
combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one
or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another
blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, as is the case with the Business Combination. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the
post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis
for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business
combination. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, in evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due
diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews
of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available
to us. 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, the time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and
complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial
business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete
another business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single
industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination, and 

15 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

The
Business Combination requires the approval of our stockholders under the Business Combination Agreement and Nasdaq rules. However, in
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, in connection with any alternative proposed business combination, we may conduct
redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it
is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons.
Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder
approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Whether 

Stockholder 

Approval is 
 
 Type of Transaction 
 Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

16 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for
our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue shares of Class A Common Stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock
 then outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons
 collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise
 and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of
 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

In
connection with the Business Combination, or if the Business Combination is not consummated, and we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase
in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or
intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in
such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed
to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases,
if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject
to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases
are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and
Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the
trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the Business Combination or an alternative business
combination, in the event Business Combination is not consummated, and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such
purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A Common Stock or warrants may be reduced
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact
only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account
or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase public shares if such purchases comply
with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

17 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange
Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability
for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be
complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases
will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting
requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Common Stock upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
subject to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.27 per public
share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares and any public
shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

In
connection with the Business Combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
their shares of Class A Common Stock upon the completion of the Business Combination in connection with a stockholder meeting called
to approve the Business Combination. In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, in connection with an alternative proposed
initial business combination, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class
A Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to
approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval
of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder
approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically
require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than
20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder
approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will
not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange
listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain
a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

If
stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

18 

The
Business Combination requires the approval of our stockholders under the Business Combination Agreement and Nasdaq rules. We will distribute
proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion
of the Business Combination. If the Business Combination is not consummated, and we seek stockholder approval of an alternative initial
business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption
rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

The
Business Combination requires the approval of our stockholders under the Business Combination Agreement and Nasdaq rules and we will
complete the Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. If the Business Combination is not consummated and we seek stockholder approval in connection with a proposed alternative
initial business combination, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in
person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding
shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and private placement shares and
any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions)
in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give
approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our
initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect
to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

If
the Business Combination is not consummated and if in connection with an alternative initial business combination a stockholder vote
is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

If
the Business Combination is not consummated and upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will
terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock in the open market if we
elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we
will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that
we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may
be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered
to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

19 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption)
our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its
owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash
consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount
required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of
cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A Common Stock
submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in connection with the stockholder approval of the Business Combination, or if the Business Combination is not consummated
and we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public
stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating
large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed
initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold
in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on
the proposal to approve the initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC
System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our
initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly,
a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes
to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic
delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking
to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

20 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card
indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the
company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result,
the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she
could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell
his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption
rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights
surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement
for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once
the initial business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder
of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the
applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares
will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
the Business Combination or an alternative initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public
stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata
share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem
their shares. 

If
the Business Combination is not consummated, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target
by April 24, 2023, unless we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination beyond such date. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until April 24, 2023, subject to one three-month extension
as described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination by April 24, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which
will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 24, 2023 (or up to July 24, 2023, subject to one
three-month extension). 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete
our initial business combination by April 24, 2023. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after
our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 24, 2023. 

As
discussed above, on March 24, 2023, we filed a definitive proxy statement with the SEC in connection with the solicitation of proxies
for the Special Meeting, at which our stockholders will be asked to vote on the Extension Amendment Proposal. If the Extension Amendment
Proposal is approved, the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination will be extended from April 24, 2023 to
January 24, 2024, subject to nine one-month extensions. Our public stockholders will have the opportunity to redeem their public shares
in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. 

21 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 779,500 held outside the trust account at the initial public offering, although
we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

We
will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However,
if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent
that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional
amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15. The proceeds deposited in the trust account
could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders.
We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.15.
Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision
for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make
any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that
we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they
execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent
inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver,
in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform
an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver
if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Adeptus, our
independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering, have not executed agreements with
us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or
business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and
(ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than
 10.15 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply
to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust
account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to
reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

22 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the
cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. 

We
seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor is also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We have access to the amounts held outside the trust account 27,066 as of December 31, 2022) with which to
pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no
more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities
is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 24, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that
it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be
brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day
waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating
distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder,
and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by April 24, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law
and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring
or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims
of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by April 24, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public
shares as soon as reasonably possible following April 24, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such,
our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability
of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

23 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our
underwriting agreement, we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited
and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may
be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share
or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to
reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of
our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to
amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 24, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares
if we are unable to complete our business combination by April 24, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a
stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not
result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must
have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

24 

Competition 

In
the event the Business Combination is not consummated, in identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business
combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank
check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations.
Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or
through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our
ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others
an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection
with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination
and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We
have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed
our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial
business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, Class A Common Stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide
such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination
candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare
its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we
may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, we will be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

We
have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial
business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and
proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

25 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following January 24, 2027, the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A Common Stock that
are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than
 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will
have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by nonaffiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at V03-11-02, Designer Office. V03, Lingkaran SV, Sunway Velocity, Kuala Lumpur, 55100, and our telephone
number is +60-3-9201-1087. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and members of our management team have
agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of
your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

26 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
your shares. 

The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination may
give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct
due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to
complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, in which
case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which
case our public stockholders may only receive 10.15 per unit, or less than such amount in certain circumstances. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors
and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring
and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our
share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a
business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control
of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the
efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our
securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.012 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate
and substantial dilution from the purchase of the shares of our Class A common stock. 

Since our sponsor paid only approximately 0.012 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make
a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. 

27 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our sponsor and our management team including their affiliates and including the businesses referred to herein, may
not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business that we may acquire. 

Our sponsor, DUET Partners LLC, is controlled by non-U.S. person and has substantial ties to non-U.S. persons in Malaysia. As much, we
may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be
subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in
the United States (CFIUS), and ultimately prohibited. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration
Statement. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
executive offices are located at V03-11-02, Designer Office. V03, Lingkaran SV, Sunway Velocity, Kuala Lumpur, 55100, and our telephone
number is +60-3-9201-1087. We have agreed to pay DUET Partners LLC, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support and the use of this office location is included in such 10,000 monthly payment. As of December 31, 2022 no
amounts have been paid. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. Our management
believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

28 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols DUETU, DUET, 
and DUETW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on January 19, 2022, and our public shares and public warrants
commenced separate public trading on March 14, 2022. Our Class B common stock is not listed on any exchange. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were four holders of record of shares of our common stock and one holder of record of our public warrants.
A substantially greater number of holders of common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record
are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. As a result, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders
represented by the record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

As
previously reported, on January 24, 2022, DUET Acquisition Corp. (the Company completed its initial public offering (the
 Offering of 8,625,000 units Units ). Each Unit consisting of one Class A common stock and one redeemable
warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one common stock at an exercise price
of 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment, pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261494).
The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 86,250,000. 

Subsequently,
on January 24, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional
Units occurred (the Overallotment Option Units ). The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 1,125,000 units at a price
of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 11,250,000. On January 24, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Overallotment
Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 33,750 Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of 337,500.
The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve
a public offering. 

29 

On
March 9, 2022, the holders of the Units elected to separately trade the shares of Class A Common Stock and the Warrants comprising the
Units commencing on March 14, 2022. Those Units not separated will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol DUETU, 
and the Class A Common Stock and Warrants that are separated will trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols DUET 
and DUETW, respectively. Holders of Units will need to instruct their brokers to contact Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, the Company s transfer agent, to separate their Units into shares of Class A Common Stock and Warrants. 

No
payments for our expenses were made in the offering described above directly or indirectly to (i) any of our directors, officers or their
associates, (ii) any person(s) owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or (iii) any of our affiliates, except in connection
with the repayment of outstanding loans and pursuant to the administrative support agreement disclosed herein which we entered into with
our sponsor. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our offering as described in our final prospectus
filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) related to the Initial Public Offering. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements under this
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used
in this Annual Report, words such may, should, could, would, expect, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative
of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward looking statements. Factors that
might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward
looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our
management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected
by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report should be read
as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Annual Report. For these statements, we claim the
protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results
could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings
with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified
in their entirety by this paragraph. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on September 20, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging
growth companies. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the
sale of the Private Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

30 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital
or to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
July 25, 2022, we entered into the Business Combination Agreement with the Target, Holdco, Merger Sub, J. Streicher, the Sellers 
Representatives, and the Purchaser Representative. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions
set forth therein, upon the consummation of the Transactions, the parties will (a) effect the DUET Merger, as a result of which (x) the
Company will issue shares of the Class A Common Stock of the Company to Holdco, with such amount of shares to be determined in accordance
with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, (y) all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company
held by the Company s stockholders (other than Holdco) shall be converted into ordinary shares of Holdco at a one-for-one ratio,
and (z) each outstanding warrant of the Company will be assumed by Holdco and automatically adjusted to become exercisable to purchase
one ordinary share of Holdco; (b) immediately prior to the AnyTech Merger, effect the sale of 49.999999 of the issued share capital
of the Target from the stockholders of the Target to Holdco for an aggregate purchase price of 26,250,000 pursuant to the SPA;
and (c) effect the AnyTech Merger, as a result of which the stockholders of the Target will receive ordinary shares of Holdco with a
value on of 26,250,000, all upon the terms set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, the obligations of the parties to consummate the Business Combination are subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective parties, including, without limitation: (i) the representations and
warranties of the respective parties being true and correct subject to the materiality standards contained in the Business Combination
Agreement; (ii) material compliance by the parties of their respective pre-closing covenants and agreements, subject to the standards
contained in the Business Combination Agreement, including the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the SPA; (iii) the approval
by the Company s stockholders of the Business Combination; (iv) the approval by the Target s stockholders of the Business
Combination; (v) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) with respect to the Company
or with respect to the Target since the effective date of the Business Combination Agreement that is continuing and uncured; (vi) the
expiration or termination, as applicable, of any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the consummation of the Business
Combination Agreement under any antitrust laws; (vii) the receipt of all consents required to be obtained from or made with any governmental
authority in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; (viii) the existence of Minimum
Cash Proceeds (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) of at least 10,000,000; (ix) the entry into certain ancillary agreements
as of the Closing; (x) the lack of any notice or communication from, or position of, the SEC requiring the Company to amend or supplement
the Form F-4; (xi) the approval of the listing of the ordinary shares and warrants of Holdco on the Nasdaq Global Market and (xii) the
receipt of certain closing deliverables. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to December 31, 2022 were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering Initial Public Offering ), conducting
the Initial Public Offering and identifying a target company for a business combination. The Company will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 469,563, which consists of realized and unrealized gain of 1,048,411, offset
with formation and operating costs of 1,097,191, and franchise tax expense of 191,682 and income tax provision of 229,101. 

For
the period from September 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 1,523 which consisted of formation and
operational costs of 1,523. 

31 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Prior
to the completion of the Initial Public Offering, we lacked the liquidity we needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period of
time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the audited financial statements. The Company has since completed
its Initial Public Offering at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering
expenses was released to the Company for general working capital purposes. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor may provide us up to 1,500,000 under Working Capital Loans. Accordingly, management has since
reevaluated the Company s liquidity and financial condition and determined that sufficient capital exists to sustain operations
through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing and therefore substantial doubt has been
alleviated. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful within
the Combination Period. The audited financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash
equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company had 27,066 in cash and no cash equivalents as of December
31, 2022. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. The underwriter will
be entitled to a deferred fee of three percent (3.00 of the gross proceeds of the Offering upon closing of the Business Combination,
or 2,587,500. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of audited financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the audited financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods
reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. As of December 31, 2022, there were no critical accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our audited financial statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

32 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer
(together, the Certifying Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying
Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal period that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

33 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Larry Gan Nyap Liou 
 
 68 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Yeoh Oon Lai 
 
 53 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dharmendra Magasvaran 
 
 46 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Lee Keat Hin 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Lim Tian Huat 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Peter Chia Chon Hian 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Hendrik Erik Stoel 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

Larry
Gan Nyap Liou, Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Over
the last 17 years, Mr. Gan has been an active and strategic investor in eCommerce and digital enterprises. He advocates disruptive business
models, mentors start-ups, and operates an extensive business network of entrepreneurs, incubators, consulting professionals, and investment
funds. He has led several public offerings and listings on international exchanges. In parallel, he has dedicated his time to corporate
governance serving on the Minority Shareholders Watchdog Committee from July 2005 to July 2020 and has assumed Board roles in several
public listed companies in Malaysia and abroad. 

In
the Technology, Media and Online Classifieds space, he served as Chairman of the Board on Redtone International Berhad from June 2006
to October 2009, Diversified Gateway Solutions Berhad from June 2012 to August 2013, Cuscapi Berhad from June 2006 to March 2018, and
as a Director of Prestariang Berhad from November 2010 to June 2013, iProperty Ltd (Australia) from July 2007 to October 2009, and Flexiroam
Ltd (Australia) from November 2015 to September 2019. During that time, he had a short stint as the Group CEO and Managing Director of
Omesti Berhad from August 2013 to December 2015, helping to transform an old traditional IT services and hardware distribution company
into an eCommerce enterprise with industry specific technology solutions. 

In
the Financial Services sector, Mr. Gan had served as Independent Director on the Boards of Ambank Group from June 2006 to December 2014,
Hong Leong Insurance from March 2011 to March 2012, and Maybank Investment Bank Berhad from July 2015 to July 2016. He stepped down from
the Board of Maybank Investment Bank Berhad to pursue several Fintech ventures. 

In
the Real Estate and Leisure Sector, Mr. Gan was a long-standing Director at Tanjong PLC UK for 11 years from May 2005 to December 2016
and a Senior Independent Director at Tropicana Corporation Berhad from August 2013 to April 2018. 

From
December 1978 to December 2004, Mr. Gan had been with Accenture (then Arthur Andersen and later Andersen Consulting), retiring from Accenture
in 2004. Over a career span of 26 years, he has consulted on strategic projects for government and multinational corporations and has
invested and worked with technologies around the world. Mr. Gan served as a member of the Accenture Global Management Council from September
1997 to May 2004, Managing Partner for Accenture Asia from September 1996 to September 1999, and Managing Partner of Accenture Technology
Ventures Asia Pacific from September 1999 to September 2003. 

Whilst
at Accenture, Mr. Gan also served on several external industry organizations, national consultative bodies, advisory boards of universities,
and professional associations. He was Chairman of the Association of Computer Industry Malaysia (PIKOM) from January 1989 to December
1991 and Director of MIMOS Berhad (National Technology Research) from April 1997 to July 2008. 

He
is presently Chairman of the Board of Rev Asia Berhad, a position he has held since November 2010, Cloudaron Berhad, a position he has
held since July 2017, Fatfish Group Ltd, a position he has held since September 2014, and Abelco Investment Group Ltd, a position he
has held since January 2020. He is also a Director on the Board of 8Common Ltd, a position he has held since March 2014. 

34 

An
ardent supporter of the Arts, Education and Sports, Mr. Gan was a National Fencer and President of the Malaysian Fencing Federation from
January 1993 to December 2005. He was also the Trustee of the Yayasan Tuanku Nur Zahirah (Queen s Foundation) from September 2008
to April 2012 and served on the Board of Governors - St Joseph International School Kuala Lumpur from January 2016 to April 2021. He
is now on the Council of the Badminton Association of Malaysia, a position he has held since March 2020. 

He
is a frequent speaker at business seminars and forums and an active contributor of opinions and essays to news dailies and business publications.
For over two years, he ran a leadership column in The Edge , a prominent Malaysian business weekly. He has been featured on various
leading local and international TV programmes such as Asian Business News, Bloomberg News , Money Matters and Astro In
Person. 

Mr.
Gan has his early education in Malacca and pursued a professional accounting degree with the Association of Chartered Accountants UK.
He is a Certified Chartered Accountant (United Kingdom and Malaya). 

Yeoh
Oon Lai, Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
Yeoh has been serving as Co-Chief Executive Officer of DUET Acquisition Corp. since November 2021. Prior to this, Mr. Yeoh has served
in multiple C Level roles in consumer retail and entertainment with a stellar track record in commercial leadership and extensive multi-category,
multi-format, and channel experience. He brings over two decades of deep strategic and operational experience in the consumer industry
to the Company s management team. 

Mr.
Yeoh was the Chief Executive Officer of TGV Cinemas from September 2017 to August 2020 (a leading cinema chain under the Usaha Tegas
Group owned by Ananda Krishnan). During his tenure, for the fiscal years of 2018 and 2019, TGV Cinemas attained its highest levels of
revenue and profitability in its twenty-five-year history, whilst accelerating a transformative digital and technology strategy. Mr.
Yeoh served as Chief Executive Officer of FJ Benjamin (M) (a specialty retail group in Southeast Asia) from November 2012 to April 2017,
overseeing a portfolio of notable brands across the fashion to luxury spectrum (Guess, Superdry, Gap, Banana Republic, La Senza, Celine,
Loewe, Marc Jacobs, and Bell Ross). During this period, as the SEA Superdry head, he spearheaded the successful multi-market launch
of Superdry in three Southeast Asia territories Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia. From February 2010 to November 2012, Mr. Yeoh
was the Country Head of Esprit de Corp (M), a global apparel brand with a long history in Asia. His tenure resulted in three years of
record profitability for the local subsidiary. As the Country Head and Managing Director of Fossil Time (M) from November 2006 to February
2010, Mr. Yeoh led the pioneering team which built the Fossil retail business locally and was recognized as the best operating subsidiary
in Asia in 2009 within the Fossil Asia Group. 

Mr.
Yeoh earned a BBA in Finance from the University of Texas at Austin and was also an ASEAN scholar during his early education in Singapore. 

Dharmendra
Magasvaran, Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
Magasvaran has been serving as Co-Chief Executive Officer of DUET Acquisition Corp. since November 2021. Previously, Mr. Magasvaran had
been serving as a partner for Deloitte Digital South East Asia (SEA) and a Digital Leader within the Deloitte Consulting SEA firm from
September 2017 until July 2021. Given his strong consulting pedigree and 22-year tenure in the consulting digital business, he
was, and is still, a digital coach to senior business leaders helping them create value from digital and data disruption. He has helped
grow the digital practice to a triple-digit sized team with a direct multi-million dollar revenue at highly profitable margins. The team s
transformation offerings span across digital value chain, covering digital strategy, customer experience, content, commerce, marketing
services and digital delivery. He architects and implements ground-breaking digital solutions for clients. Recent client successes include
helping a banking client digitally transform their wholesale banking capability, an oil gas major to leverage sales and servicing
to drive further top line growth and synergies across their business, a new digital proposition for a global multinational bank with
a unique and differentiated route to market, driving transformation for corporate banking b2b service efficiency, helping a healthcare
provider embark on a digital transformation journey, helping a bank design, build and launch a new digital business offering across two
markets, helping an industrial products client extend its market reach leveraging digital marketing and commerce capabilities to enhance
partner experience, lower cost to serve to ensure economical scaling of reach and providing 1:1 partner marketing opportunities to drive
further partner intimacy. Mr. Magasvaran is a digital thought leader driving the latest thinking across Digital Transformation, 
 Marketing as a Service, and Omnichannel Commerce. 

35 

Mr.
Magasvaran served in various roles with Accenture from November 1999 until April 2017. In his final role with Accenture, he was the managing
director for Accenture Interactive SEA from December 2012 until April 2017, helping drive similar capability, practice and business builds
in the region. He made managing director in Accenture in 2012, after an accelerated 12-year career at Accenture. At Accenture, client
successes included helping a telco redefine customer experience through a digital reinvention of the telco store, helping one of the
largest coffee retailers think and go digital, digital salesforce enablement of a life sciences company, rejuvenating an
airlines digital sales and servicing ecosystem and launch of Asia s first internet television proposition. 

Mr.
Magasvaran graduated from Imperial College, London in 1999 with a BEng 1 st Class Honours degree in Information Systems Engineering. 

Lee
Keat Hin, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Lee has been serving as Chief Financial Officer of DUET Acquisition Corp. since November 2021. Mr. Lee also serves as the Principal Consultant
cum Director for Proactive Consultancy Sdn Bhd, a private M A boutique consulting firm he founded in 1995. Proactive specializes
in mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance and is known for providing strategic M A consulting services to turnaround ailing
listed companies. 

Mr.
Lee is currently the Project Director to Hualang Renewable Energy Sdn Bhd, a private company overseeing the acquisition of targeted businesses
in the renewable energy sector since his appointment in May 2019. Mr. Lee is also presently a director of privately held Kos Communications
Sdn Bhd and Wiramar Resources Sdn Bhd. 

From
March 2010 to November 2018, Proactive was appointed as consultant to Ho Hup Construction Company Bhd to turn around the public listed
company. In November 2014, after exemplary turnaround results were achieved, Mr. Lee was appointed as Director of Corporate Services
in Ho Hup to oversee the aggressive acquisition of new assets and the raising of M A war chest funding. 

From
July 2014 to August 2017, Proactive was appointed as consultant to Straits Inter Logistics Bhd, which was formerly Raya Industries Berhad,
an ailing listed company that aimed to dispose its assets and diversify into the oil trading and bunkering business. From February 2012
to February 2014, Proactive was appointed as advisor to Agromate Holdings Group, the largest Malaysian fertilizer manufacturing group
to facilitate a merger exercise with a Japanese conglomerate. From 2011 to 2014, Proactive was appointed as consultant to Formis Group
Bhd (now Omesti Bhd), a publicly listed information technology group to provide corporate advisory and M A services. From April 2005
to November 2011, Mr. Lee was appointed as an independent, non-executive director in publicly listed DVM Technologies Berhad (now known
as Key Alliance Group Berhad). 

Prior
to 2005, Mr. Lee and Proactive were appointed as consultant in various merger and acquisition projects including LSK Corporation Berhad,
Tai Wah Garments Berhad, Pan Pacific Asia Berhad and Cygal Holdings Berhad. 

Mr.
Lee earned a Bachelors degree in Accountancy from the University of Malaya and is a Chartered Accountant. 

Lim
Tian Huat, Director 

Mr.
Lim was appointed to our Board in January 2022. Mr. Lim currently serves as Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Andersen Group
of Companies (1) Andersen Worldwide Sdn Bhd; (2) Andersen Corporate Restructuring Sdn Bhd; (3) Andersen Capital Sdn Bhd; and (4) Andersen
Bakery Caf Sdn Bhd since January 2010. 

Mr.
Lim also served as Managing Partner of Lim Tian Huat Co from 2010 to 2014 and resumed such role in June 2021. He is the Managing
Partner of Rodgers Reidy Co. Malaysia and the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Rodgers Reidy (Asia) Sdn Bhd, positions
he has held since 2014. 

36 

Mr.
Lim is the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Rodgers Reidy Singapore Pte Ltd and Arthur Andersen Singapore Pte Ltd, positions
he has held since 2017. 

Mr.
Lim was a Partner of Ernst Young Malaysia from 2002 to 2009, in charge of Corporate Restructuring and Insolvency. 

Mr.
Lim joined Arthur Andersen Singapore in 1979. He was in Audit practice from 1979 to 1985. He then returned to Malaysia to specialize
in Corporate Finance, Restructuring and Insolvency. He became a Partner in 1990 and led the Global Corporate Finance practice, including
Corporate Restructuring and Insolvency. He was a member of Corporate Restructuring Global Council from 1993 to 1995. 

Mr.
Lim Tian Huat has served as a Senior Independent Non-Executive Director of Anglo-Eastern Plantation PLC (quoted on the London Stock Exchange)
since May 2015, Senior Independent Non-Executive Director of MajuPerak Holding Berhad (quoted in Bursa Malaysia) since August 2020, Independent
Non-Executive Director (became Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director in 2020) of Malaysia Building Society Berhad (quoted in Bursa
Malaysia) since April 2011, and an Independent Non-Executive Director of PLUS Malaysia Berhad since March 2012 and Pacific Orient
Insurance Co. Berhad since January 2020. 

Mr.
Lim was an Independent Non-Executive Director of Bank of Yingkou, China from 2011 to 2017, UEM Sunrise Berhad (quoted in Bursa Malaysia)
from 2012 to 2020, and Malaysia Deposit Insurance Corporation, from 2010 to 2016. 

Mr.
Lim was appointed as Commissioner to the United Nations Compensation Commission from 1998 to 2002. 

Mr.
Lim was appointed by the Domestic Trade Minister to be a member of the Corporate Law Reform Committee CLRC under the
purview of the Companies Commission of Malaysia. CLRC s objective was to update and modernize Companies Act 1967 which resulted
in Companies Act 2016. 

Mr.
Lim is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, United Kingdom; a Member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants
and Malaysia Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Mr.
Lim is the Founding President of Insolvency Practitioners Association of Malaysia. 

Mr.
Lim earned a BA in Economics (Honours), Manchester Metropolitan University, United Kingdom. 

Peter
Chia Chon Hian, Director 

Mr.
Chia was appointed to our Board in January 2022. Mr. Chia is a partner in Myo Restobar, a Chinese restaurant he co-founded in August
2017. He is currently working with co-founders on a project to transform Asian commercial property and Green commercial assets into marketable
securities, and to provide alternative financing for owners, while creating new investment opportunities. The project has attracted strategic
partners who will apply their expertise to each build a pillar of the business. 

Mr.
Chia was engaged as a consultant with SGX from April 2008 to June 2016. During this time, Mr. Chia was a board member of Philippine Dealing
 Exchange Corp (PDEX), Philippine Depository Trust Corp (PDTC), and Philippine Securities Settlement Corp (PSSC), representing
SGX. Prior to this, Mr. Chia had led the SGX investment in Philippine Dealing System Holdings Corp, holding company of PDEX, PDTC and
PSSC. 

From
December 1999 to March 2008, Mr. Chia was employed as Executive Vice President and Head, Securities Clearing and Depository, EVP and
Head, Strategy and Business Development, and as an Adviser. In 2000, he was a member of the management team leading SGX through its own
initial public offering, transforming from a utility into a commercial entity. SGX was among the pioneer exchanges in listing itself.
He led the development of the SGX securities lending and borrowing business, opening up opportunities for more than one million Central
Depository (CDP) account holders to unlock and earn lending income on their holdings, while providing new opportunities for arbitrage,
covered short selling and increased liquidity. He was a board member of CDP from 1999 to 2003. 

37 

In
1999, he was a member of the management team working on the merger of Stock Exchange of Singapore (SES) and Singapore International Monetary
Exchange (SIMEX) to form SGX. While statistically, more mergers fail than succeed, this was one merger which went on to achieve new highs.
He was Senior Manager, CDP, from February 1999 to December 1999. Prior to that, he was Public Affairs Manager in SES, from December 1987
to February 1999. Mr. Chia graduated from the University of Singapore in 1977 with a Bachelor of Accountancy. 

Hendrik
 Erik Stoel, Director 

Mr.
Stoel was appointed to our Board in January 2022. Mr. Stoel has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Dragonfly Leadership consultants
since April 2021. As such he advises on business growth strategies, business transformation and senior leadership development. From April
2016 to April 2021, Mr. Stoel served as the Chief Executive Officer of British American Tobacco Malaysia Bhd, a company listed at the
Malaysian stock exchange. Mr. Stoel had full responsibility for the P L, corporate commercial strategy and was a member of
the board, the audit committee, and the risk committee. In his role he managed government, media and investor relationships. From September
2012 to March 2016, he was initially the Sales and Marketing Director for British American Tobacco Korea transitioning into the Area
Director for North Asia (Korea, Hong Kong Taiwan). In this role he had full responsibility for P L, Corporate Commercial
Strategy and his job involved active stakeholder engagement. He was a member of the Asia Pacific Leadership Team. From 1995 to 2012,
Mr. Stoel worked for British American Tobacco in a multitude of countries, mainly in Sales and Marketing Director roles in Asia and Middle
East. In these roles he was predominantly assigned to design turnaround growth strategies with supporting organisational transformation
 supply chain revisions. Mr. Stoel earned a bachelor s degree in marketing finance at the Hanzehogeschool in Groningen,
the Netherlands and obtained a Master s Degree (MBA) at the University of Northumbria, United Kingdom. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have four directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Peter Chia Chon Hian
and Hendrik Erik Stoel will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class
of directors, consisting of Lim Tian Huat, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third
class of directors, consisting of Larry Gan Nyap Liou, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of: a Chairman of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officers, Chief Financial Officer, President,
Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that all of our directors, other than Mr. Gan,
are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

38 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of our final prospectus for our
Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC, we have paid DUET Partners LLC, our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will
cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies
in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers
or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on
suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside
the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in
place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Lim, Chia, and Stoel serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr.
Lim chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Messrs. Lim, Chia, and Stoel meet the independent director standard
under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Lim qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

39 

We
adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the
 independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Lim, Chia, and Stoel serve as members of our compensation committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee,
all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Lim, Chia, and Stoel are independent, and Mr. Chia chairs the compensation committee. 

We
adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Co-Chief Executive Officers compensation, if any is
 paid by us, evaluating our Co-Chief Executive Officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and
 approving the remuneration (if any) of our Co-Chief Executive Officers based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual
 basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
 our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in
 complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

40 

if required, producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and
 recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to DUET Partners LLC, our sponsor, of 10,000 per month, for up to 18 months,
for the office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely
that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review
and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee
charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit
and compensation committee charters as exhibits to our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. You will
be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy
of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

41 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay consulting, finder
or success fees to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business
combination. In addition, our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to
consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report
on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

Since
our formation, we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans
to any of our executive officers or directors. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as December 31, 2022. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our
common stock beneficially owned by them. 

On
October 18, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.012 per share, in exchange for the issuance of 2,156,250
shares of founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible
or intangible. The per unit price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number
of founder shares issued. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 DUET Partners LLC (1)(2) 
 2,437,500 
 100 
 
 Larry Gan Nyap Liou 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yeoh Oon Lai (1) 
 2,437,500 
 100 
 
 Dharmendra Magasvaran (1) 
 2,437,500 
 100 
 
 Lee Keat Hin 
 - 
 - 
 
 Lim Tian Huat 
 - 
 - 
 
 Peter Chia Chon Hian 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hendrik Erik Stoel 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 
 2,437,500 
 100 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 DUET Partners LLC, our
 sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Messrs. Lai and Magasvaran, our Co-Chief Executive Officers, are
 the managers and members of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Messrs. Lai and Magasvaran may be deemed to share beneficial
 ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Messrs. Lai and Magasvaran disclaim any such beneficial ownership except
 to the extent of their pecuniary interest. The business address of each of these entities and individuals is V03-11-02, Designer
 Office. V03, Lingkaran SV, Sunway Velocity, Kuala Lumpur, 55100. 

42 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist
 solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock, and placement shares after this offering . Founder shares
 are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

Holders
of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination.
Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring
approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant
corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 

The
holders of the founder shares have agreed (a) to vote any founder shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and
(b) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor
and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities
laws. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On
October 18, 2021 the Company issued an aggregate of 2,437,500 shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000 in cash. Such Class B common stock includes an aggregate of up to 281,250 shares that were subject to forfeiture by
the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively
own at least 20.00 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Offering (assuming the initial stockholders do not
purchase any Public Shares in the Offering and excluding the Placement Units and underlying securities). The underwriters exercised the
over-allotment option in full so those shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B common stock (except to certain permitted transferees)
until, with respect to any of the Class B common stock, the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of a Business
Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
after a Business Combination, with respect to the remaining any of the Class B common stock, upon six months after the date of the consummation
of a Business Combination, or earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange
their common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

On
October 1, 2021, the Sponsor committed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the completion
of the Initial Public Offering The promissory note was repaid upon the completion of the IPO. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor may provide us with a loan to the Company up
to 1,500,000 as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted upon
consummation of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding
under any Working Capital Loans. 

43 

If
the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within 15 months, the Company may, by
resolution of the board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to one time by
an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing additional
funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the
trust agreement to be entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order for the time available
for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, must deposit
into the Trust Account 862,500 with the underwriters over-allotment option exercised in full 0.10 per unit in either case),
on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available three month extensions, providing a total possible Business
Combination period of 18 months at a total payment value of 862,500 with the underwriters over-allotment option exercised in
full 0.10 per unit). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable
upon the consummation of a Business Combination out of the proceeds of the trust account released to it. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Adeptus Partners, LLC, or Adeptus Partners, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by Adeptus Partners in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Adeptus Partners for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 8-K for
the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the period from September 20, 2021 (date of inception) to December
31, 2022 totaled approximately 161,000. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit
committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the
period from September 20, 2021 to December 31, 2022, we did not pay Adeptus Partners any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Adeptus Partners for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the period September 20, 2021 to December
31, 2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Adeptus Partners for any other services for the period from September 20, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

44 

part
IV 

ITEM
15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3)
Exhibits 

45 

DUET
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO: 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of DUET Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of DUET Acquisition Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period
of September 20, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period
of September 20, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 29, 2023 

PCAOB ID: 3686 

F- 2 

DUET
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and Marketable Securities held in trust account 
 
 - 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Account payable 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory note related party 
 - 

Working capital loan 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriter commission 
 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; shares (at per share) 
 
 - 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preference Shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) 
 
 - 
 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock value 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

DUET
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 AND
 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 20, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from September 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from Operations 

Other Income 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account 
 
 - 
 
 Net Income (Loss) before income tax 

Income tax 
 
 - 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

DUET
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 AND
 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 20, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Sale of Units in Initial Public Offering, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Representative share 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering and underwriting costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deferred underwriting commission 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Re-classification 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance September 20, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor (1) 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net lncome (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

DUET
ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 AND
 FOR THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 20, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Working capital loan 
 
 - 
 
 Collection of subscription receivable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of Units, net of IPO costs 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of private placement units 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 
 - 
 
 Initial Classification of Class A Common Stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs paid for by Promissory note related party 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs included in promissory note 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

DUET
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to
the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of , and incurring offering costs of , of which 
was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of units
(the Private Placement Units to DUET Partners LLC, the sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor ), at a price
of per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of (the Private Placement ). 

Subsequently,
on January 24, 2022, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per Unit upon
receiving notice of the underwriters election to fully exercise their overallotment option Overallotment Units ),
generating additional gross proceeds of and incurred additional offering costs of , of which are for deferred
underwriting commissions. Each Unit, including the Overallotment Units, consists of share of Class A common stock of the Company,
par value per share Class A Common Stock ), and redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ),
with each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase share of Class A Common Stock for per share, subject to adjustment,
pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261494). 

Simultaneously
with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Units
to DUET Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), generating additional gross proceeds of . 

A
total of , comprised of the proceeds from the Offering and the proceeds of private placements that closed on January 20, 2022
and January 24, 2022, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account Trust
Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. 

Transaction
costs of the Initial Public Offering with the exercise of the overallotment amounted to consisting of of cash underwriting
fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other costs. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering of cash was held outside of the Trust Account available for working capital purposes.
As of December 31, 2022, we have available to us of cash on our balance sheet and a working capital deficit of . 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that
together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination.
The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect
a Business Combination. 

On
July 25, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive business combination agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement with Millymont Limited, a private limited company incorporated in Ireland Holdco ), Duet Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco Merger Sub ), J. Streicher Technical Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company J. Streicher ), Anteco Systems, S.L., trading as AnyTech365, a company incorporated in Spain and registered at
the Commercial Registry of Malaga under reference MA-122108 (the Target ), Miguel ngel Casales Ruiz and Thomas Marco
Balsloev, as the sellers representatives (the Sellers Representatives and Lee Keat Hin, as the Company s
representative (the Company Representative ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the parties will effect the merger of Merger
Sub with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco, as a result
of which (a) the Company will issue shares of Class A Common Stock to Holdco, with such amount of shares to be determined in accordance
with the terms of the Merger Agreement, (b) all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock held by the Company s
stockholders (other than Holdco) shall be converted into ordinary shares of Holdco at a one-for-one ratio, and (c) each outstanding warrant
of the Company will be assumed by Holdco and automatically adjusted to become exercisable to purchase one ordinary share of Holdco (the
 Proposed Business Combination ). 

In
connection with the Proposed Business Combination, the Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of such Business Combination
in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve such Business Combination. In the event the Proposed Business Combination
is not consummated, the Company will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public
Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business
Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a Business Combination, the Company may seek stockholder approval
of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether
they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible
assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks
stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

The
Company will have until 15 months (subject to a three-month extension of time, as set forth in the Company s registration statement)
from the closing of the Public Offering to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is
unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than five business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation
and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of applicable law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in
the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be
included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of
such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Public
Offering price per Unit of . 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amounts in the Trust Account to below per share (whether or not the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised
in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and
except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is
deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had of cash in its operating bank account. 

The
Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of 
from the Sponsor to cover for certain offering costs on the Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (as defined
in Note 5), and loan from the Sponsor of under the Note (as defined in Note 5). Following the IPO of the Company on January
24, 2022 (as described in Note 1), a total of under the promissory note was repaid on January 24, 2022. Subsequent to the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the
Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, there
was outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs
through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will
be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial
Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. 

. 

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company s management determined the United States is the Company s
only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as income
tax expense. There were income tax as of December 31, 2022 and accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently
not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The
Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

The
provision for income taxes was for the year ended December 21, 2022. 

. On December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant will entitle the
holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 

placement units at a price of per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of .
Each placement unit is identical to the units sold in this offering, except as described in this prospectus. The placement units were
sold in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of this offering. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the
Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

shares of Class B Common Stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate
purchase price of . 

The
Sponsor, in addition to the Company s officers and directors, agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B common
stock (except to certain permitted transferees as disclosed herein) until, with respect to any of the Class B common stock, the earlier
of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing price of the Company s
common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination, or earlier, if, subsequent to a Business
Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all
of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
October 1, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of , to be used for payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. The note is non-interest bearing
and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. For the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowed and , respectively, under the promissory note with the Sponsor, which was
fully repaid on January 21, 2022. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion
of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In
the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December
31, 2022, there was outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative
Services Arrangement 

The
Company s Sponsor has agreed, commencing from the date that the Company s securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the
earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general
and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time.
The Company has agreed to pay to DUET Partners LLC, the Sponsor per month for these services during the to complete
a business combination. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had paid for administrative services. 

of the total number of Units in the Public Offering
to cover over-allotments. The aforementioned option was exercised in full on January 24, 2022. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of one and one-half percent of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering,
or . In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of three percent of the gross proceeds of the Public
Offering, or upon closing of the Business Combination. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business
Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Additionally,
 shares of our Class A common stock were issued to the underwriter upon the closing of our initial public offering. 

shares
of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share. On December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, excluding 
shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption. 

Class
B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 there were
 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred
Shares The Company is authorized to issue preferred shares with a par value of per share with such
designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31,
2022, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Warrants
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years
after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class
A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
Common Stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have
declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the
Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
 the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise
price and number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,
except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A Common Stock at a price below its exercise
price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public
Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s
assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

F- 15 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References
to the Company, us, our or we refer to DUET Acquisition Corp. The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements
and related notes included herein. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Form 10-Q,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors,
including, but not limited to: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination with the Target or an alternative business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

in
 the event the Proposed Business Combination is consummated, our ability to implement business plans, forecasts, and other expectations
 regarding the Target after the completion of the proposed transactions and optimize the Target s business; 

F- 16 

in
 the event the Proposed Business Combination is not consummated, the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of
 potential alternative acquisition opportunities; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

our
 continued liquidity and our ability to continue as a going concern; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our
 financial performance. 

All
subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified
in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

The
Company is a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 20, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
The Company intends to effectuate its initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of Public Offering and the Private Placement,
the proceeds of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial Business Combination, our shares, debt or a combination of
cash, stock and debt. 

The
issuance of additional shares in connection with an initial Business Combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class
 B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A common stock on a greater than one -to-one basis upon conversion of the Class
 B common stock; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common
 stock; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things,
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person
 seeking to obtain control of us; and 

F- 17 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
 financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general
 corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution
 of our strategy; and 

other
 purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination plans. We cannot assure you that our
plans to raise capital or to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. 

The
Merger Agreement 

On
July 25, 2022, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with Holdco, Merger Sub, J. Streicher, the Target, the Sellers Representatives,
and the Company Representative. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the parties will effect the merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco, as a result of which (a) the Company
will issue shares of Class A Common Stock to Holdco, with such amount of shares to be determined in accordance with the terms of the
Merger Agreement, (b) all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock held by the Company s stockholders (other
than Holdco) shall be converted into ordinary shares of Holdco at a one-for-one ratio, and (c) each outstanding warrant of the Company
will be assumed by Holdco and automatically adjusted to become exercisable to purchase one ordinary share of Holdco. The obligations
of the parties to consummate the Proposed Business Combination are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing
conditions of the respective parties, including, without limitation: (i) the representations and warranties of the respective parties
being true and correct subject to the materiality standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (ii) material compliance by the parties
of their respective pre-closing covenants and agreements, subject to the standards contained in the Merger Agreement; (iii) the approval
by the Company s stockholders of the Proposed Business Combination; (iv) the approval by the Target s stockholders of the
Proposed Business Combination; (v) the absence of any Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) with respect to the
Company or with respect to the Target since the effective date of the Merger Agreement that is continuing and uncured; (vi) the expiration
or termination, as applicable, of any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the consummation of the Merger Agreement
under any antitrust laws; (vii) the receipt of all consents required to be obtained from or made with any governmental authority in order
to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (viii) the existence of Minimum Cash Proceeds (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) of at least 10,000,000; (ix) the entry into certain ancillary agreements as of the closing of the Proposed Business
Combination; (x) the lack of any notice or communication from, or position of, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC requiring the Company to amend or supplement the Prospectus and Proxy Statement (as defined below); (xi) the approval of the listing
of the ordinary shares and warrants of Holdco on the Nasdaq Global Market; and (xii) the receipt of certain closing deliverables. 

F- 18 

The
Merger Agreement is further described in the Form 8-K filed by us with the SEC on July 29, 2022. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to December 31, 2022, were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering Initial Public Offering and identifying
a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business
combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities held after the
Initial Public Offering. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a business combination. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 469,563, which consisted of formation and operating costs of 1,097,191, interest
earned on investments held of 1,048,411, franchise tax 191,682 and income tax 229,101. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
February 18, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 8,625,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 86,250,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private placement of an aggregate
of 390,000 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 3,900,000. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 892,669 . 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had investments of 88,592,161 held in the Trust Accounts. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held
in the Trust Accounts, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Accounts (less taxes paid and deferred underwriting
commissions) to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the period ended December 31,
2022, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Accounts. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or
in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Accounts will be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 27,066 outside of the Trust Accounts. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Accounts
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor
or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
If we complete our initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial Business Combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Accounts to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our Trust Accounts would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units identical to the
Placement Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. 

F- 19 

We
do not currently believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business.
However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial
Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial Business
Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our initial Business
Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to
compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business
Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we
will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Accounts. In addition, following our initial Business Combination, if cash
on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We
have not entered any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or entered any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee up to 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. We began
incurring these fees on January 25, 2022, and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business
Combination and our liquidation. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 2,587,500 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Accounts solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 20 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 31st day of March, 2023. 

DUET ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Yeoh
 Oon Lai 

Name: 
 Yeoh Oon Lai 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Larry
 Gan Nyap Liou 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Larry Gan Nyap Liou 

/s/ Yeoh
 Oon Lai 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yeoh Oon Lai 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Dharmendra
 Magasvaran 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Dharmendra Magasvaran 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Lee
 Keat Hin 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Lee Keat Hin 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

47 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 19, 2022, between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein. (2) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement (3) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 By Laws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated January 19, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities.(4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 19, 2022, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Company s sponsor, DUET Partners LLC. (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 1, 2021, issued to the Company (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 19, 2022 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 19, 2022, by and among the Company and certain securityholders. (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, by and between the Company and DUET Partners LLC (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated January 19, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated October 18, 2021, by and between the Registrant and DUET Partners LLC. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officers required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Certain of the exhibits
 and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally
 a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 24, 2022. 

(3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022. 

(4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022. 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

We,
Yeoh Oon Lai and Dharmendra Magasvaran, certify that: 

1. We
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of DUET Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
 on our knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on our knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision; to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Yeoh Oon Lai 

Yeoh Oon Lai 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Dharmendra Magasvaran 

Dharmendra Magasvaran 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Lee Keat Hin, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of DUET Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision; to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Lee Keat Hin 

Lee
 Keat Hin 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report of DUET Acquisition Corp. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Yeoh Oon
Lai and Dharmendra Magasvaran, Co-Chief Executive Officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Yeoh Oon Lai 

Yeoh
 Oon Lai 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Dharmendra Magasvaran 

Dharmendra
 Magasvaran 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

This
certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not
for any other purpose. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will
be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request . 

This
certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report of DUET Acquisition Corp. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Lee Keat
Hin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 / s/ Lee Keat
 Hin 

Lee Keat Hin 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This
certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not
for any other purpose. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will
be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request . 

This
certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 duet-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 duet-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 duet-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 duet-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

