<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1362468_0001362468-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19464989</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>448227</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>10721838</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3610724</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2318724</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2170951</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001362468-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227160039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001362468-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Allegiant Travel CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001362468
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				204745737
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33166
		FILM NUMBER:		23674620

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 N. TOWN CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-851-7300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 N. TOWN CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001362468-23-000014.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 algt-20221231.htm
 10-K

algt-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended 
 Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 
 Commission File Number 

mpany 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion computed by reference to the closing sale price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, the last trading day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of the close of business on February 1, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EXHIBIT INDEX IS LOCATED ON PAGE 89 . 

Allegiant Travel Company 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I ITEM 1. Business 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 29 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 ITEM 6. (Reserved) 
 34 
 ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 52 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements 
 53 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 86 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 86 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 86 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that P revent I nspections 
 86 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 88 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 88 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 88 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 88 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 88 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 89 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 94 
 Signatures 
 95 
 
 2 

PART I 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 We have made forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K, and in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements include our statements regarding future expenses, revenues, earnings, ASM growth, fuel cost and consumption, expected capital expenditures, number of contracted aircraft to be placed in service in the future, our ability to consummate announced aircraft transactions, timing of aircraft deliveries and retirements, number of possible future markets that may be served, the implementation of a joint alliance with VivaAerobus, the development of our Sunseeker Resort, as well as other information concerning future results of operations, business strategies, financing plans, competitive position, industry environment, potential growth opportunities, the effects of future regulation and the effects of competition. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "estimate," project, hope or similar expressions. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Important risk factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements generally may be found in our periodic reports and registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. These risk factors include, without limitation, the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on airline travel and the economy, an accident involving, or problems with, our aircraft, public perception of our safety, our reliance on our automated systems, our reliance on third parties to deliver aircraft under contract to us on a timely basis, risk of breach of security of personal data, volatility of fuel costs, labor issues and costs, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals as needed, the effect of economic conditions on leisure travel, debt covenants and balances, the impact of governmental regulations on the airline industry, the ability to finance aircraft under contract, the ability to obtain necessary U.S. and Mexican government approvals to implement the announced alliance with VivaAerobus and to otherwise prepare to offer international service, terrorist attacks, risks inherent to airlines, our competitive environment, our reliance on third parties who provide facilities or services to us, the impact of management changes and possible loss of key personnel, economic and other conditions in markets in which we operate, the ability to successfully develop a resort in Southwest Florida, governmental regulation, increases in maintenance costs, cyclical and seasonal fluctuations in our operating results, and the perceived acceptability of our environmental, social and governance efforts. 
 
 Any forward-looking statements are based on information available to us today and we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events, new information or otherwise. 
 
 3 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a leisure travel company focused on providing travel and leisure services and products to residents of under-served cities in the United States. We were founded in 1997 and, in conjunction with our initial public offering in 2006, we incorporated in the state of Nevada. Our unique business model provides diversified revenue streams from various travel services and product offerings which distinguish us from other travel companies. We operate a low-cost, low utilization passenger airline marketed primarily to leisure travelers in under-served cities, allowing us to sell air transportation both on a stand-alone basis and bundled with the sale of air-related and third party services and products. In addition, we provide air transportation under fixed fee flight arrangements. Our developed nation-wide route network, pricing philosophy, direct distribution, advertising, and product offerings built around relationships with premier leisure companies, are all intended to appeal to leisure travelers and make it attractive for them to purchase air travel and related services and products from us. 
 
 In connection with our leisure travel focus, we are completing the construction of our Sunseeker Resort in Southwest Florida, which we expect to open in late 2023. 
 
 Below is a brief description of the travel services and products we provide to our customers: 
 
 Scheduled service air transportation. We provide scheduled air transportation on limited-frequency, nonstop flights predominantly between under-served cities and popular leisure destinations. As of February 1, 2023, our operating fleet consisted of 122 Airbus A320 series aircraft. As of that date, we were selling travel on 573 routes to 125 cities. In this document, references to "Airbus A320 series aircraft" are intended to describe both Airbus A319 and A320 aircraft. 
 
 Ancillary air-related products and services. We provide unbundled air-related services and products in conjunction with air transportation for an additional cost to customers. These optional air-related services and products include baggage fees, advance seat assignments, our own travel protection product, change fees, use of our call center for purchases, priority boarding, a customer convenience fee, food and beverage purchases on board, and other air-related services. The revenue for ancillary air-related products and services is reflected in the passenger revenue income statement line item, along with scheduled service air transportation revenue and travel point redemptions from our co-branded Allegiant credit card and our non-card loyalty program. 
 
 Third party products and services. We offer third party travel products such as hotel rooms and ground transportation (rental cars and hotel shuttle products) for sale to our passengers. The marketing component of revenue related to our co-branded credit card is also included in this category. 
 
 Fixed fee contract air transportation. We provide air transportation through fixed fee agreements and charter service on a year-round and ad-hoc basis. 
 
 Allegiant 2.0 
 
 We continue to sharpen our focus on offerings to meet more of the travel and leisure needs of our customers. We have coined this next stage of our Company strategy as "Allegiant 2.0" which includes the following Company goals: 
 
 maintaining our foundation of providing affordably accessible air travel while refining and strengthening our air travel product; 
 expanding our already broad domestic network as we have identified more than 1,400 incremental routes of which approximately 80 percent currently have no nonstop service; 
 seeking to offer (subject to government approval) transborder international scheduled service into Mexico through our partnership with VivaAerobus; 
 utilizing our customer data to capture accretive, asset-light direct-to-consumer revenue opportunities; 
 transforming our eCommerce strategy to create a frictionless experience for our customers and drive increased air ancillary and third party revenue generation; 
 expanding our co-branded credit card program and our non-card loyalty program; 
 expanding our travel company focus and offerings with the construction of Sunseeker Resort at Charlotte Harbor (the "Resort" or "Sunseeker Resort") (expected to open in late 2023). 
 refining our marketing investment dollars by entering into dynamic agreements, such as the naming rights agreement with the Raiders of the National Football League for Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1201 N. Town Center Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144. Our telephone number is (702) 851-7300. Our website address is http://www.allegiant.com. We have not incorporated by reference into this annual report the information on our website and investors should not consider it to be a part of this document. Our website address is included in this document for reference only. Our annual report, quarterly reports, current reports and amendments to those reports are made available free of charge through the investor relations section on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 4 

Unique Business Model 
 
 We have developed a unique business model that primarily focuses on leisure travelers in under-served cities. The business model has evolved as our experienced management team has looked differently at the traditional way business has been conducted in the airline and travel industries. Our focus on the leisure customer allows us to eliminate the significant costs associated with serving a wide variety of customers and to concentrate our product appeal on a customer base which is under-served by traditional airlines. We have consciously developed a business model which distinguishes us from the traditional airline approach: 
 
 Traditional Airline Approach Allegiant Approach Customer Base: Business and leisure Leisure Network: Primarily large and mid-sized markets Primarily small/medium-sized under-served markets Flight Connections: Nonstop or connect through hubs All nonstop Competition: High Low Schedule: Uniform throughout the week Low frequency/variable capacity Distribution: Sell through various intermediaries Sell only directly to travelers Fare Strategy: High base fares/low ancillary revenue Low base fares/high ancillary revenue 
 
 By separating base airfare from our air-related services and products such as baggage fees, advance seat assignments, travel protection, change fees, priority boarding, and food and beverage purchases, we are able to lower our airfares and target leisure travelers who are more concerned with price and the ability to customize their experience with us by only purchasing the additional conveniences they value. This strategy allows us to generate additional passenger revenues from our customers' decisions to purchase these ancillary products. 
 We have established a broad route network with a national footprint, providing service on 571 routes between 93 origination cities and 32 leisure destinations, and serving 42 states as of February 1, 2023. As of this same date, we were selling 573 routes. In most of these cities, we provide service to more than one of our leisure destinations which are offered either on a year-round or seasonal basis. Our vast network footprint, coupled with our low frequency scheduling, provides us with a diversified, resilient network. We operate to more cities than any non-legacy U.S. carrier, protecting us against overexposure to any one geographic location. Our 24 bases spread throughout the country provide us the flexibility to redeploy capacity to best match demand trends around the country. 
 
 The geographic diversity of our route network protects us from regional variations in the economy and helps insulate us from competitive actions, as it would be difficult for a competitor to materially impact our business by targeting one city or region. Our widespread route network also contributes to the continued growth of our customer base. The below map illustrates our route network as of February 1, 2023, including service announcements as of that date. The orange dots represent leisure destinations and the blue dots represent origination cities. 
 5 

We have identified more than 1,400 additional domestic routes which we could target in the future to further expand our network. 
 
 In developing a unique business model, our ancillary offerings (ancillary air-related items included in passenger revenue as well as the sale of third party products and services) have been a significant source of our revenue growth. We have increased revenue related to these ancillary items from 5.87 per passenger in 2004 to 67.74 per passenger in 2022. We own and manage our own eCommerce platform, which gives us the ability to modify our system to enhance third party product offerings 
 6 

based on specific needs. We believe the control of our automation systems has allowed us to be innovators in the industry by providing our customers with a variety of different travel services and products, and allowing us to seek to increase revenues through testing of alternative revenue management approaches. 
 
 We believe the following strengths from our unique business model allow us to maintain a competitive advantage in the markets we serve: 
 
 Focus on leisure traffic from under-served cities 
 
 We believe small and medium-sized cities represent a large, under-served market, especially for leisure travel. Prior to the initiation of our service, leisure travelers from these markets had limited desirable options to reach leisure destinations because existing carriers are generally focused on connecting business customers through their hub-and-spoke networks. 
 
 We believe our low fare, nonstop service, along with our leisure company relationships, make it attractive for leisure travelers to purchase airfare and travel-related products from us. The size of the markets we serve, and our focus on the leisure customer, allow us to adequately serve these markets with less frequency, and to vary our air transportation capacity to match seasonal and day-of-the-week demand patterns. 
 
 By focusing primarily on under-served cities and routes, we believe we avoid the intense competition in high traffic domestic air corridors. In most of our markets, travelers previously faced high airfares and cumbersome connections, or long drives, to major airports in order to reach our leisure destinations. Based on published data from the U.S. Department of Transportation DOT ), we believe the initiation of our service stimulates demand, as we have typically seen a substantial increase in traffic subsequent to new service beginning. Our market strategy is neither hostile to legacy carriers, whose historical focus has been connecting small cities to business markets with regional jets, nor to traditional low cost or ultra-low cost carriers generally focused on larger markets. Additionally, major carriers have reduced service to medium-sized cities which we believe they no longer consider to be core hubs. 
 
 Capacity management 
 
 We actively manage our seat capacity to match leisure demand patterns. This is enabled by our highly variable cost structure which allows us to increase capacity in high demand periods. This has resulted in our being able to generate as much as 60 percent of our operating income in the peak periods of March, summer (June and July) and the holiday seasons. 
 
 Our core business model manages seat capacity by increased utilization of our aircraft during periods of high leisure demand and decreased utilization in low leisure demand periods. By way of illustration, in 2022, during our peak demand period in July, we averaged 8.2 system block hours per aircraft per day while in September, our lowest month for demand, we averaged only 4.7 system block hours per aircraft per day. 
 
 Our management of seat capacity also includes changes in weekly frequency of certain markets based on identified peak and off-peak travel demand throughout the year. Unlike other carriers which provide a fairly consistent number of flights every day of the week, we manage our capacity with a goal of being profitable on each route. We do this by flying only on days with sufficient market demand. In 2022, we were able to profitably fly a disproportionately low 12 percent of our scheduled ASMs on off-peak days (Tuesdays and Wednesdays). 
 
 To effectively hedge against fuel cost increases during periods of high fuel cost, we will often pull back capacity, particularly in off peak periods, and focus our flying in peak periods which drives higher fares to offset the fuel cost increases. Conversely, during periods of lower fuel costs, we will increase flying in off peak periods as marginally profitable flights will become more profitable with lower fuel costs. 
 
 Our strong revenue production from ancillary items, coupled with our ability to rapidly adjust capacity, has allowed us to consistently operate profitably and in many cases, produce industry leading margins in challenging macro environments, including periods of high fuel prices, economic recession and a pandemic. 
 
 Low cost structure 
 
 We believe a low cost structure is essential to competitive success in the airline industry, particularly as a solely leisure focused carrier. In evaluating our cost performance, our management team typically compares to the following other publicly held domestic airlines: Delta Air Lines, American Airlines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Alaska Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Frontier Airlines and Sun Country Airlines (which we refer to as the "Industry"). Our airline operating CASM, excluding fuel (that is, excluding Sunseeker) was 7.33 in 2022, which was 25.0 percent lower than the Industry average of 9.77 for 2022. 
 
 We continue to focus on maintaining low operating costs through the following tactics and strategies: 
 
 Low aircraft ownership costs. We achieve low aircraft ownership costs by opportunistically acquiring aircraft and by primarily owning our aircraft. As of February 1, 2023, we own or finance lease all but 17 of the aircraft in our operating fleet. In addition, we believe that we properly balance lower aircraft acquisition costs and operating costs to minimize our total costs. 
 7 

Throughout our history, we have primarily purchased used aircraft with meaningful remaining useful lives, at reduced prices. As of February 1, 2023, our operating fleet consists of 122 Airbus A320 series aircraft, of which 109 were acquired used. 
 
 In December 2021, we opportunistically negotiated an agreement with The Boeing Company to purchase 50 newly manufactured 737MAX aircraft scheduled to be delivered in 2023 to 2025 with options to purchase an additional 50 737MAX aircraft. We believe this new aircraft purchase is complimentary with our low cost strategy. Our intent to retain ownership of the aircraft, coupled with the longer useful life for depreciation purposes should result in similar ownership expense when compared with a used aircraft in our fleet. In addition, the expected fuel savings, improved operational reliability, and other savings expected from the use of these new aircraft should aid in improving our overall low cost structure. 
 
 We expect to continue to acquire used aircraft as necessary to support planned growth and aircraft retirements. 
 
 Low distribution costs. Our nontraditional marketing approach reduces distribution costs. We do not sell our product through outside sales channels, thus avoiding the fees charged by travel websites (Expedia, Orbitz or Travelocity) and traditional global distribution systems GDS (Sabre or Worldspan). Our customers can only purchase travel at our airport ticket counters or, for a fee, on our website or through our telephone reservation center. The purchase of travel through our website is the least expensive form of distribution for us and accounted for 96.0 percent of our scheduled service revenue during 2022. 
 
 Data driven. We are a data driven organization. We are continuing to focus on capturing data to identify trends and patterns in an effort to gain efficiencies and decrease costs. For example, we utilize predictive maintenance to identify necessary aircraft maintenance before a problem arises, thereby avoiding unscheduled maintenance events which are costly and disruptive to our schedule. In addition, our direct to consumer distribution method results in enhanced data which helps us deepen our relationship with our customers and increase sales. 
 
 Highly productive workforce. Our high level of employee productivity is due to our cost-driven scheduling, fewer unproductive labor work rules, and the effective use of automation and part-time employees. In an effort to control costs, we outsource major maintenance, stations and other functions to reliable third party service providers. 
 
 Simple product. We believe offering a simple product is critical to achieving low operating costs. As such, we sell only nonstop flights; we do not currently code-share or interline with other carriers; we have a single class cabin; we do not provide any free catered items - everything on board is for sale; we do not provide cargo or mail services; and we do not offer other perks such as airport lounges. 
 Under-served market airports. Our business model focuses on residents of under-served cities in the United States. Typically, the airports in these cities have lower operating costs than airports in larger cities. These lower costs are driven by less expensive passenger facilities, landing, and ground service charges. In addition to inexpensive airport costs, many of our airports provide marketing support. 
 Cost-driven schedule. We aim to build our scheduled service so that substantially all of our crews and aircraft return to base each night. This allows us to maximize crew efficiency, and more cost-effectively manage maintenance, spare aircraft and spare parts. Additionally, this structure allows us to add or subtract markets served by a base without incremental costs. We believe leisure travelers are generally less concerned about departure and arrival times than business travelers, so we are able to schedule flights at times that enable us to reduce costs while remaining desirable to our leisure customers. 
 
 Ancillary product offerings 
 
 We believe many leisure travelers are concerned primarily with purchasing air travel at the least expensive price. As such, we offer the unbundling of the air transportation product by charging fees for services many U.S. airlines have historically only bundled in their base fare. This pricing structure allows us to target travelers who are most concerned with low fare travel while also allowing travelers to customize their experience with us by purchasing only the additional conveniences they value. For example, we do not offer complimentary advance seat assignments; however, customers who value this product can purchase advance seat assignments for a small incremental cost. In addition, snacks and beverages are sold individually on the aircraft, allowing passengers to purchase only items they value. Our direct to consumer distribution method enables a variety of added revenue opportunities with direct one-stop shopping solutions and managed product offerings. 
 
 We offer various bundled ancillary products whereby customers can elect to purchase multiple ancillary products at a discount. 
 
 Revenue from ancillary items will continue to be a key component in our total average fare as we believe leisure travelers are less sensitive to ancillary fees than the base fare. 
 Our third party product offerings give our customers the opportunity to purchase hotel rooms, rental cars and airport shuttle service. Our third party offerings are available to customers based on our agreements with various travel and leisure companies. For example, we have partnered exclusively with Enterprise Holdings Inc. for the sale of rental cars packaged with air travel. The pricing of each product and our margin can be adjusted based on customer demand because our customers purchase travel directly through our booking engine. 
 8 

Financial position 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.02 billion of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and investment securities, and total debt and finance lease obligations (net of related costs) of 2.10 billion. We had net debt (total debt and finance lease obligations less cash, cash equivalents and investment securities) of 1.08 billion as of December 31, 2022. As of February 1, 2023, we have 275.0 million of undrawn capacity under revolving credit facilities plus another 169.7 million of undrawn capacity under our pre-delivery payment (PDP) financing facility . 
 
 Our financial position and discipline regarding use of capital allow us to have greater financial flexibility to grow our business and to efficiently and effectively adapt to changing economic conditions. 
 
 9 

Routes and schedules 
 
 Our current scheduled air service (including seasonal service) predominantly consists of limited frequency, nonstop flights into leisure destinations from under-served cities across the continental United States. The scheduled service routes we are selling as of February 1, 2023 are summarized below (includes 571 routes we are currently serving, and two new announced routes on which will begin service in 2023): 
 
 Routes to Orlando 67 Routes to Las Vegas 61 Routes to Tampa/St. Petersburg 57 Routes to Punta Gorda 51 Routes to Phoenix 50 Routes to Destin 32 Routes to Sarasota 29 Other routes 226 Total routes 573 
 
 The number of routes served varies from time to time as some routes are offered seasonally or on a temporary basis. 
 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 
 Core to Allegiant s business model is our direct-to-customer distribution. In lieu of the GDS distribution points used by most airlines, allegiant.com is our primary distribution method. This low-cost strategy results in significant cost savings by avoiding fees associated with GDS. It also enables a variety of added revenue opportunities with direct one-stop shopping solutions and managed product offerings. 
 
 Automation is key to this strategy as we continue to enhance our capabilities. Our website and mobile app streamline the booking process and strengthen our ability to sell air ancillary and third-party products. Additionally, we expect other automation enhancements will create additional revenue opportunities by allowing us to capitalize on customer loyalty with additional product offerings. 
 
 Our direct-to-customer distribution method also enables us to gather valuable customer data. In addition to helping us better understand our customers, we utilize data such as customer email to market our products and services in a cost-effective way. Database marketing opportunities span the full customer journey including the time of travel purchase, between purchase and travel, and after travel is complete. To this end, we are working to strengthen customer engagement, while affording a more elastic, reliable information technology infrastructure with significant development advantages for marketing as well as for other business units across the company. 
 
 Beyond allegiant.com, we market our products and services through a combination of traditional advertising, including radio, television as well as digital advertising. Enhanced data and analytics are being streamlined into our digital advertising system to build more targeted campaigns driving efficiency in our digital media spend. We can more surgically match our digital advertising dollars and the impressions they drive with the web users who are most likely to book their travel for the routes, to better optimize load and yield. 
 
 Whether introducing new service to a community or promoting existing routes, our advertising is often supported by airport authorities and destination marketing organizations. We continue to see benefit from these cooperative marketing campaigns, as well as from high-profile sponsorships like Allegiant Stadium. Underpinning our advertising efforts, high-profile sponsorships add credibility to our brand, drive new customer acquisition and enhance our national profile. 
 
 Our co-branded credit card incentivizes customers who fly more often to maximize their benefits with members-only promotions and travel perks like complimentary priority boarding. Cardholders are among our most engaged customers and book air ancillary and third-party products at a higher rate than other customers. Our non-card loyalty program, Allways Rewards , launched in August 2021, allows us to develop and maintain direct, long-term relationships with our customers. Similar to our cardholder program, we provide greater value to our Allways members through personalized promotions and targeted communications which we expect will result in customer loyalty and increased revenues over time. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The airline industry is highly competitive. Passenger demand and fare levels have historically been influenced by, among other things, the general state of the economy, international events, fuel prices, industry capacity, and pricing actions taken by other airlines. The principal competitive factors in the airline industry are price, nonstop flights, schedule, customer service, routes served, types of aircraft, safety record and reputation, code-sharing relationships, and frequent flyer or loyalty programs. 
 
 Our competitors include legacy airlines, low cost carriers ("LCCs"), ultra-low cost carriers ("ULCC"), regional airlines, new entrant airlines, and other forms of transportation to a much lesser extent. The legacy airlines are larger, have significantly greater financial resources, are better known, and have more established reputations than us. In a limited number of cases, following our 
 10 

entry into a market, competitors have chosen to add service, reduce their fares, or both. Competitors may also choose to enter after we have developed a market. 
 
 We believe our under-served city strategy and less than daily service has reduced the intensity of competition we might otherwise face. As of February 1, 2023, we are the only mainline domestic scheduled carrier operating out of the Orlando Sanford International Airport and at 11 other airports in our network. We and Sun Country Airlines are the only mainline domestic scheduled carriers serving Phoenix Mesa Gateway Airport, Punta Gorda Airport, and St. Petersburg-Clearwater Airport. Although no other mainline domestic scheduled carriers operate in these airports, most U.S. airlines serve the major airport for Orlando, Phoenix, Fort Myers, and Tampa. In addition, many U.S. airlines serve our other leisure destinations. As a result, there is potential for increased competition on our routes. 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, we face mainline competition on approximately 22 percent of our operating and announced routes. We overlap with Southwest Airlines on 73 routes, Frontier Airlines on 38 routes, Spirit Airlines on 32 routes, American Airlines on 19 routes, Delta Airlines on 13 routes, Breeze Airways on 14 routes, United Airlines on nine routes, JetBlue Airlines on six routes, Sun Country Airlines on five routes and Alaska Airlines on three routes. In many cases, we face competition from more than one other airline on the same route, resulting in a total of 124 competitive routes as of that date. These 124 routes represent 22 percent of the total number of routes we are serving as of February 1, 2023. We may also experience additional competition based on recent route announcements of other airlines. 
 
 Indirectly, we compete with various carriers that provide nonstop service to our leisure destinations from airports near our cities. We also face indirect competition from legacy carriers offering hub-and-spoke connecting flights to our markets, although these fares tend to be substantially higher, with much longer elapsed travel times. Several airlines also offer competitive one-stop service from the cities we serve. 
 
 In our fixed fee operations, we compete with other scheduled airlines in addition to independent passenger charter airlines. We also compete with aircraft owned or controlled by large tour companies. The basis of competition in the fixed fee market is cost, equipment capabilities, service, reputation, and schedule flexibility. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
 
 We recognize our responsibility to reduce environmental impact from our operations. As an integrated travel company with an expanding airline business, we believe that solidifying our commitment to ESG efforts is a natural integration into our long-term corporate strategy and will enable us to better serve our stakeholders. In 2022, we entered a 3-year partnership with Schneider Electric to develop a comprehensive ESG program including: 
 
 Identify and prioritize relevant ESG topics through a materiality assessment. These topics were addressed in our inaugural ESG report. 
 Develop inaugural ESG report referencing the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) frameworks, which was issued in December 2022. 
 Provide ongoing carbon emissions reporting of Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions using Schneider Electric s EcoStruxureTM Resource Advisor, the initial reporting having been included in our inaugural ESG report. 
 Establish ESG targets and environmental target achievement plans. 
 
 We issued our inaugural sustainability report during 2022. This comprehensive report outlines our disclosures pertaining to material topics identified by key stakeholders. 
 
 To determine material topics, a materiality assessment was conducted. This assessment benchmarked material ESG topics across our industry, global reporting frameworks and third-party rating and ranking methodologies. We then engaged with more than 400 stakeholders including customers, employees, suppliers, shareholders and community partners. Based on survey and interview results, we identified the following topics as material to Allegiant: 
 
 Environmental: Emissions, Energy, Waste and Hazardous Materials 
 Social: Product Quality and Safety, Accident and Safety Management, Human Rights, Benefits and Work-Life Balance, Non-Discrimination, Employee Health and Safety, Employment, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, Employee Training and Development, Labor Management, Local Job Creation, Response to COVID 
 Governance: Business Ethics and Integrity, Anti-Corruption, Competitive Behavior, Data Security, Customer Privacy 
 
 These material topics will guide the development of our ESG targets and annual ESG reports, including the inaugural ESG report published in December 2022. 
 
 In addition, we made recent investments in several ESG areas that will enable us to build a more resilient business, drive greater efficiencies and give back to our communities. These include the following: 
 
 Environmental: Agreed to purchase 50 Boeing 737MAX aircraft, which are expected to burn up to 20 percent less fuel on a per passenger basis compared to certain of the older Airbus A320 Series aircraft in our fleet, with the option to purchase an additional 50 Boeing 737MAX aircraft. 
 
 Social: Provided in-kind travel for Make-A-Wish kids and their families, and continued offering free office space in our Las Vegas headquarters to the nonprofit s Southern Nevada Chapter. Gifted hundreds of flight vouchers to local 
 11 

elementary and high school teachers in partnership with The Smith Center for the Performing Arts The Heart of Education Awards program. Opened three new aircraft bases, creating approximately 350 new jobs. 
 
 Governance: Separated the roles of the board and chief executive officer to uphold board independence. Established the chief experience officer role to further foster a positive experience for customers and team members. Implemented a new talent management system to improve tracking of diversity, equity, and inclusion recruitment efforts. 
 
 Environment 
 
 The aviation industry accounts for roughly two percent of global greenhouse gas emissions, almost all of which is attributable to aircraft fuel. In 2013, we began the process of transitioning our fleet from a mixture of MD-80 aircraft and Boeing 757 aircraft to an all-Airbus fleet with the transition concluding in November 2018. Throughout this transition period and continuing through 2022, we saw significant improvement in fuel efficiency. During 2022, we consumed 219 million gallons of fuel averaging 84.3 available seat miles (ASMs) per gallon of fuel, a 34 percent improvement when compared to 2012. Our agreement with Boeing and CFM International to purchase 50 Boeing 737MAX aircraft powered by LEAP 1-B engines, with deliveries beginning before the end of 2023, will provide us with new aircraft and more environmentally friendly engines. This aircraft is expected to burn up to 20 percent less fuel on a per passenger basis as compared to certain of the older Airbus A320 aircraft in our fleet. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the composition of our fleet included a mix of A319 and A320 aircraft with seat configurations ranging from 156 to 186 seats, some of which are fitted with fuel-efficient Sharklets. As we grow the fleet over the next several years, the preference will be to continue adding 180-seat Sharklet-equipped Airbus aircraft in addition to our Boeing 737MAX order. We expect to continue to see modest improvements in fuel efficiency due to further upgauging and greater use of Sharklet wingtips where possible. 
 
 Despite the significant fuel efficiencies gained over the past decade, we recognize we have a responsibility to do more. We have an internal Fuel Steering Committee that meets monthly to discuss various alternatives to conserve fuel. In conjunction with the focused efforts and contributions of our pilots, dispatchers, and stations personnel, we have implemented several fuel conservation practices, which include the following: 
 
 Single engine taxi in and out, as time permits 
 Constant descent angle approach, as permitted by air traffic 
 Flaps 3 for landing, an Airbus green procedure creating less drag during the landing process, conditions permitting 
 Idle thrust reverse for landing, conditions permitting 
 Auxiliary power unit fuel optimization 
 Route optimization 
 Data collection by aircraft to identify performance deterioration and rectify where necessary 
 Trial of several electric ground handling equipment 
 Optimization of the amount of contingency and dispatch fuel 
 Deployment of process to find optimal winds aloft while inflight 
 
 In addition to the above initiatives, the Fuel Steering Committee is currently researching sustainable aviation fuel to see if this could be a viable option on some of our routes. 
 
 Unlike many air carriers focused on business travel, our strategy is to provide access to affordable travel for leisure travelers who highly value their vacations and are likely to take vacations in any economic environment. We are a low utilization air carrier focusing on leisure travel. We seek to closely match our available capacity with demand trends in providing only nonstop service from under-served cities to leisure destinations. For example, in 2022 during our peak demand period in July, we averaged 8.2 system block hours per aircraft per day while in September, we averaged only 4.7 system block hours per aircraft per day when leisure demand is seasonally lower. This practice of significantly reduced flying during the off-peak periods leads to consistently high load factors, and further enhances fuel efficiency. During 2022, we consumed roughly 14.0 gallons of fuel per thousand revenue passenger miles compared with an Industry average of 16.0 gallons per thousand revenue passenger miles, or 12.8 percent more efficient on a revenue passenger mile basis. We offer all nonstop flights, directly from 125 cities as of February 1, 2023, providing service in many markets abandoned or under-served by larger carriers. If not for Allegiant, many of the customers we serve would not have access to direct flights by virtue of either geography or price point. Prior to our initiation of service on these routes, many of these passengers either traveled by car, which is significantly less fuel efficient than air travel, or traveled by car to larger airports to fly, where higher cost connecting flights were the only option. As fuel consumption is greatest during take-off, the ability to travel to the destination with a single take-off, as opposed to at least two take-offs on connecting flights, is more fuel efficient. 
 
 Aircraft Fuel 
 
 The cost of fuel is volatile, as it is subject to many economic and geopolitical factors we can neither control nor predict. Significant increases in fuel costs could materially affect our operating results and profitability. We have not used financial derivative products to hedge our exposure to fuel price volatility in over 15 years, nor do we have any plans to do so in the future. Our largely variable cost structure allows us to adjust capacity accordingly based on the fuel environment. 
 
 Data Security 
 
 We continue to invest heavily in cybersecurity, cyber risk, vendor risk, and privacy initiatives. We employ experienced staff dedicated to cybersecurity and cyber risk analysis, process, and technology. We continue to evaluate and proactively implement 
 12 

new preventive and detective processes and technologies including forward looking threat intelligence and data centric security measures. 
 
 One of our current and ongoing data security initiatives is the migration of critical business applications into the cloud infrastructure, which will allow us to take advantage of analytics and automation functionality. These improvements also provide further opportunities to increase business intelligence and flexibility, improve business continuity, and mitigate disaster scenarios. Protecting business data and our customers privacy is critical to our continued operations and we intend to continue investing resources in cyber security accordingly. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 5,315 full-time equivalent employees. Full-time equivalent employees consisted of approximately 1,100 pilots, 1,750 flight attendants, 500 airport operations personnel, 550 maintenance personnel, 200 reservation agents, 50 flight dispatchers, and 1,150 management and other personnel. 
 
 Four groups of our employees pilots, flight attendants, dispatchers, and maintenance technicians are represented by labor organizations pursuant to the Railway Labor Act RLA ). Those unions have negotiated separate collective bargaining agreements CBAs with us covering the rates of pay, rules, and working conditions that apply to those employees. 
 
 The CBAs covering our dispatchers and maintenance technicians both have five-year terms and do not become amendable until 2024 and 2026, respectively. The CBAs covering our pilots and flight attendants became amendable in 2021 and 2022, respectively, and we are currently engaged in collective bargaining with the respective representatives of those employees for successor agreements. 
 
 Under the RLA, if direct negotiations do not result in an agreement, either party may request the National Mediation Board ("NMB") to appoint a federal mediator to assist the parties with their negotiations. If no agreement is reached in these mediated discussions, the NMB must proffer binding arbitration to the parties. If either party rejects binding arbitration, the RLA imposes a cooling off period and allows for the President of the United States to create an emergency board to investigate the dispute and issue recommendations for reaching a settlement. Only after this process has been exhausted may either party resort to self-help, such as a work stoppage by the union and its members. 
 
 In January 2023, we and the union that represents our pilots jointly requested the appointment of a mediator through the NMB. The NMB has appointed a mediator and the parties are participating in mediated negotiations. 
 
 To date, we have not experienced any work interruptions or stoppages from our non-unionized or unionized employee groups. 
 
 System Implementations 
 
 Beginning in 2021, we have made significant investments to replace certain core proprietary systems with more advanced and integrated third party software solutions. We have selected SAP as our accounting system, Trax as our Maintenance, Repair, and Overhaul (MRO) system, Navitaire as our passenger service system, and Navblue as our operations control and crew management systems. We are transitioning to new systems in other areas as well. 
 
 SAP's accounting system is expected to simplify our financial operations, enabling real-time data access and improved financial reporting. Trax's MRO system is expected to provide enhanced maintenance, repair, and overhaul operations, streamlining aircraft maintenance schedules and reducing associated costs. Navitaire s passenger service system is expected to improve the way the airline manages customer interactions, reservations, and allows for dynamically priced ancillary products. Navitaire is also expected to facilitate the initiation and operation of our joint alliance with VivaAerobus. Navblue s operations control and crew management system are expected to provide an integrated platform for managing flight schedules and crew assignments, enhancing our operational efficiency. 
 
 We expect that we will have spent more than 50.0 million in total to complete all of these system implementations. We currently expect to switch over to SAP, Trax and Navitaire in 2023 with the Navblue cutover projected in 2024. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As part of our human capital resource objectives, we seek to recruit, retain, and develop our existing and future workforce. We strive to build and maintain a diverse environment that people want to join, and where team members want to stay to build their careers. Our total rewards philosophies support these objectives. Above all else, safety is our number one core value, along with achievement, flexibility, innovation, bias for action, teamwork, transparency and accountability, and outcome-based values that define our human capital mission. 
 
 We have long supported Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and operate a Diversity Inclusivity Council made up of company leadership, and facilitate more than ten company-wide network groups to inspire a more inclusive culture while giving a dedicated focus to our recruiting processes to continue driving diverse hiring. 
 
 Our total rewards philosophy is based around building a culture of high performance. We utilize competitive base salaries, discretionary performance-based bonuses, spot rewards, profit sharing, and equity as attraction and retention tools for our team members. 
 13 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 5,315 team members (including both full-time and part-time employees), of whom approximately 65 percent are in front line positions such as flight crew, mechanics or airport personnel. 
 
 The safety and well-being of our team members is a top priority, and we believe each and every team member plays an essential role in creating a safe and healthy workplace. Our health and safety policies and practices are intended to protect not only our team members, but also our customers in all things we do. 
 
 Our human capital focus has been externally recognized through Allegiant s placement on Newsweek's America's Greatest Workplaces for Diversity 2023, Forbes top 500 Midsize Employers in 2023. In addition, we received recognition in 2022 from Military Friendly as a "Top 10 Military Spouse Employer" and a "Silver Level Military Friendly Employer". We were also recognized as a "Certified Most Loved Workplace" by Best Practice Institute, a Partner of Newsweek Magazine. 
 
 Community Involvement 
 
 Allegiant has worked with the Make-A-Wish Foundation since 2012 by flying "wish kids" and their families to their desired destinations, at no cost, and donating a portion of proceeds from our in-flight Wingz Kids Snack Pack to the organization. To kick off 2023, we celebrated a special milestone welcoming our 2000th wish kid on board an Allegiant flight. This in-kind flight program provides Make-A-Wish with a valuable service at no cost to the organization or the wish families. Additionally, we donate the use of 7,500 square feet of office space at our headquarters campus to the Southern Nevada chapter of Make-A-Wish, providing a home for the nonprofit organization's administrative office at no cost. The site also serves as the host location for volunteer training, meetings and a place of support for families of children receiving wishes. Allegiant is considered a Wish Champion by Make-A-Wish America, recognizing more than 1 million in annual contributions. 
 
 We have also been a national partner with The Arc, a nonprofit organization dedicated to advocacy on behalf of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Allegiant partners with the organization to offer Wings for All educational programs in communities we serve, helping make travel accessible for individuals with autism and other developmental disabilities. 
 
 Allegiant supports Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics ("STEM") education programs that provide access to careers in aeronautical sciences in under-served communities. We have partnered with local high schools and with Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University to offer Allegiant Careers in Aviation Scholarships, assisting students pursuing careers in the aviation industry. 
 
 We also partner with the American Red Cross, supporting disaster preparedness, relief and recovery efforts in communities we serve. In this effort, we have provided no-cost supply flights and volunteer transport to support Red Cross hurricane recovery efforts in Florida and Puerto Rico. In the wake of Hurricane Ian in 2022, Allegiant made a 100,000 donation to the organization to help restore critical resources in the community. In addition, we sponsored a month-long nationwide blood drive to further support relief efforts. 
 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic and periodically, we provide additional support in our home community of Las Vegas, donating surplus in-flight food and beverage items such as juices, sodas and snacks to a local community food bank for distribution to families in need. We also provide 40,000 worth of flight vouchers on an annual basis to hundreds of local elementary and high school teachers as part of The Smith Center for the Performing Arts Heart of Education Awards program. 
 
 Aircraft Maintenance 
 
 We have a Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") approved maintenance program, which is administered by our maintenance department headquartered in Las Vegas. Technicians employed by us have appropriate experience and hold required licenses issued by the FAA. We provide them with comprehensive training and maintain our aircraft in accordance with FAA regulations. The maintenance performed on our aircraft can be divided into three general categories: line maintenance, major maintenance, and component and engine overhaul and repair. Line maintenance is generally performed by our personnel in certain cities of our network and by contractors elsewhere. We contract with FAA-approved outside organizations to provide major maintenance and component and engine overhaul and repair. We have chosen not to invest in facilities or equipment to perform our own major maintenance, engine overhaul or component work. Our management supervises all maintenance functions performed by our personnel and contractors employed by us, and by outside organizations. In addition to the maintenance contractors we presently utilize, we believe there are sufficient qualified alternative providers of maintenance services that we can use to satisfy our ongoing maintenance needs. 
 
 VivaAerobus Alliance 
 
 In December 2021, we announced plans for a fully-integrated commercial alliance agreement with VivaAerobus, designed to expand options for nonstop leisure air travel between our markets in the United States and Mexico. We and VivaAerobus have submitted a joint application to the DOT requesting approval of and antitrust immunity for the alliance. We believe this alliance is consistent with the DOT's goal of providing maximum benefits to the public, as the alliance is expected to increase competition, reduce transborder fares and provide increased nonstop service for our consumers traveling between the US and Mexico. 
 
 The alliance is anticipated to add new transborder routes and nonstop competition where currently only connecting service is available. More than 250 new potential nonstop route opportunities have been identified as part of the DOT application, though specific routes targeted for service wilI be announced at a later date, following the application's approval. 
 14 

We and VivaAerobus currently expect to offer flights under the alliance beginning in the first half of 2023, pending governmental approval of the applications. 
 
 In addition, we have made an investment of 50.0 million in VivaAerobus, and our Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board Maurice J. Gallagher, Jr. is expected to join the VivaAerobus board of directors. 
 
 Non-Airline Initiatives 
 
 Sunseeker Resort 
 We are developing Sunseeker Resort in Southwest Florida. When completed, the Resort will feature approximately 500 hotel rooms, more than 180 suites, 55,000 square feet of meeting and conference space, 20 restaurants and bars, a rooftop pool and a ground level pool, a fitness center and spa and retail outlets along a harbor walk. We also own a golf course, Aileron (formerly known as Kingsway Golf Course), which is a short drive from the Resort site and is considered to be an additional Resort amenity. 
 
 Construction on the Resort began in the first quarter of 2019 and was suspended in March 2020 so that we could conserve liquidity during the pandemic. The golf course closed for renovation just before the pandemic and the renovation was suspended to conserve liquidity during the pandemic. We recommenced construction on the Resort in August 2021 and commenced the golf course renovation in November 2021. Although the Resort suffered damage from Hurricane Ian and construction was delayed as a result, we expect to open the Resort in late 2023. We expect that the renovated golf course will open simultaneously with the Resort. 
 
 Other travel and leisure initiatives 
 Consistent with our travel and leisure company focus, we may pursue other travel and leisure initiatives from time to time in the future. 
 Insurance 
 
 We maintain insurance policies we believe are of types customary in the airline industry and as required by the DOT, and are in amounts we believe to be adequate to protect us against material loss. The policies principally provide coverage for public liability, war-risk, passenger liability, baggage and cargo liability, property damage, including coverages for loss or damage to our flight equipment and directors and officers, workers compensation. We also maintain what we believe to be customary insurance on Sunseeker Resort and as required by the terms of our construction loan. We expect the Sunseeker insurance to cover all damage incurred from Hurricane Ian. There is no assurance, however, that the amount of insurance we carry will be sufficient to protect us from material loss in all cases. Available commercial insurance in the future could be more expensive, could have material differences in coverage than is currently provided, and may not be adequate to protect us from risk of loss. 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to federal, state and local laws affecting the airline industry and to extensive regulation by the DOT, the FAA, and other governmental agencies. 
 
 DOT. The DOT primarily regulates economic issues affecting air transportation such as certification and fitness of carriers, consumer protection, competitive practices, insurance requirements, and statistical reporting. The DOT also regulates requirements for accommodation of passengers with disabilities, including those using service animals. The DOT monitors the continuing fitness of carriers and has the authority to promulgate regulations and to investigate (including by on-site inspections) and institute proceedings to enforce its regulations and related federal statutes, and may assess civil penalties, suspend or revoke operating authority, and seek criminal sanctions. The DOT also has authority to restrict or prohibit a carrier s cessation of service to certain communities if such cessation would leave the community without scheduled airline service. 
 
 In addition, the DOT has authority to approve alliance or partnership agreements under which two or more air carriers collaborate and to grant immunity from U.S. antitrust laws for the provision of such collaboration. In December 2021, we (i.e., our airline subsidiary) and Aeroenlaces Nacionales, S.A. de C.V. doing business as VivaAerobus Viva ), a Mexican airline, submitted to DOT a joint application requesting approval of and antitrust immunity for a comprehensive alliance agreement applicable to all routes we and/or Viva may operate between points in the United States and points in Mexico. The joint application explains how the proposed Allegiant-Viva alliance is expected to benefit the traveling public (as well as Allegiant, Viva, and their respective employees) by bringing significant new competition and service options, including lower fares, additional capacity on existing routes, and increased overall transborder capacity in the form of nonstop flights on routes now served only via connecting service. Although the DOT process has progressed substantially and is continuing, there is no assurance when or whether DOT will ultimately approve the agreement and grant antitrust immunity. 
 
 We hold DOT certificates of public convenience and necessity authorizing us to engage in scheduled air transportation of passengers, property and mail within the United States, its territories and possessions, and between the United States and all countries that maintain a liberal aviation trade relationship with the United States (known as open skies countries). We also hold DOT authority to engage in scheduled air transportation of passengers, property and mail between the United States and Mexico. We hold DOT authority to engage in charter air transportation of passengers, property, and mail on a domestic and international basis. 
 
 15 

FAA. The FAA primarily regulates flight operations and safety, including matters such as airworthiness and maintenance requirements for aircraft, pilot, mechanic, dispatcher and flight attendant training and certification, flight and duty time limitations, and air traffic control. The FAA requires each commercial airline to obtain and hold an FAA air carrier certificate. This certificate, in combination with operation specifications issued to the airline by the FAA, authorizes the airline to operate at specific airports using aircraft certificated by the FAA. We have and maintain in effect FAA certificates of airworthiness for all our aircraft, and we hold the necessary FAA authority to fly to all the cities we currently serve. Like all U.S. certificated carriers, our provision of scheduled service to certain destinations may require specific governmental authorization. The FAA has the authority to investigate all matters within its purview, to modify, suspend or revoke our authority to provide air transportation, to approve or disapprove the addition of aircraft to our operation specifications, and to modify, suspend or revoke FAA licenses issued to individual personnel, for failure to comply with FAA regulations. The FAA can assess civil penalties for such failures and institute proceedings for the collection of monetary fines after notice and hearing. The FAA also has authority to seek criminal sanctions. The FAA can suspend or revoke our authority to provide air transportation on an emergency basis, without notice and hearing, if, in the FAA s judgment, safety requires such action. A legal right to an independent, expedited review of such FAA action exists. Emergency suspensions or revocations have been upheld with few exceptions. The FAA monitors our compliance with maintenance, flight operations and safety regulations on an ongoing basis, maintains a continuous working relationship with our operations and maintenance management personnel, and performs pre-scheduled inspections as well as frequent spot inspections of our aircraft, employees and records. 
 
 The FAA also has the authority to promulgate rules and regulations and issue maintenance directives and other mandatory orders relating to, among other things, inspection, repair and modification of aircraft and engines, safety management systems, aircraft equipment requirements, noise abatement, mandatory removal and replacement of aircraft parts and components, mandatory retirement of aircraft, operational requirements and procedures, and employee drug and alcohol testing. Such rules, regulations and directives are normally issued after an opportunity for public comment; however, they may be issued without advance notice or opportunity for comment if, in the FAA s judgment, safety requires such action. We believe we are operating in compliance with applicable DOT and FAA regulations, interpretations and policies and we hold all necessary operating and airworthiness authorizations, certificates and licenses. 
 
 The FAA periodically conducts extensive or targeted audits of our operations. We have satisfactorily responded to all findings on all Certificate Holder Evaluation Process and other inspections conducted. 
 
 Security . Within the United States, civil aviation security functions, including review and approval of the content and implementation of air carriers security programs, passenger and baggage screening, cargo security measures, airport security, assessment and distribution of intelligence, threat response, and security research and development are the responsibility of the Transportation Security Administration TSA of the Department of Homeland Security. The TSA has enforcement powers similar to the DOT s and FAA s described above. It also has the authority to issue regulations, including in cases of emergency, the authority to do so without advance notice, including issuance of a grounding order as occurred on September 11, 2001. In addition, the TSA has authority over face mask requirements applicable to individuals across all U.S. public transportation networks, including at airports and onboard commercial aircraft which were applicable during the pandemic. 
 
 Aviation Taxes and Fees . The authority of the federal government to collect most types of aviation taxes, which are used, in part, to finance the nation s airport and air traffic control systems, and the authority of the FAA to expend those funds must be periodically reauthorized by the U.S. Congress. On October 5, 2018, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 was signed into law extending certain commercial aviation taxes (known generally as Federal Excise Taxes or "FET") through September 30, 2023. All carriers are required to collect these taxes from passengers and pass them through to the federal government. In addition to FET, there are federal fees related to services provided by the TSA, and, in the case of international flights, U.S. Customs and Border Protection ("CBP"), U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services CIS ), and the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ("APHIS"). There are also FAA-approved Passenger Facility Charges ("PFCs") imposed by most of the airports we serve. Like FET, air carriers are required to collect these fees from passengers and pass them through to the respective federal agency or airport authority. These fees do not need to be reauthorized, although their amounts may be revised periodically. 
 
 Particularly since FAA reauthorization expires September 30, 2023, during the current year Congress may consider legislation that could increase the amount of FET and/or one or more of the other federally imposed or approved fees identified above. Increasing the overall price charged to passengers could lessen demand for air travel. Additionally, federal funding to airports and/or airport bond financing could be affected through legislation, which could result in higher fees, rates, and charges at many of the airports we serve. 
 
 Environmental. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and affecting matters such as aircraft engine emissions, aircraft noise emissions, and the discharge or disposal of materials and chemicals, which laws and regulations are administered by numerous state and federal agencies. These agencies have enforcement powers similar to the DOT s and FAA s described above. In addition, we may be required to conduct an environmental review of the effects projected from the addition of our service at airports. 
 
 In 2016 the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA formally concluded that current and projected concentrations of greenhouse gases ("GHG") emitted by various aircraft, including all the aircraft we and other air carriers operate, threaten public health and welfare. This finding may be a precursor to increased EPA regulation of commercial aircraft emissions in the United States, as has taken effect for operations within the European Union under EU legislation. Binding international measures adopted under the auspices of the International Civil Aviation Organization ICAO ), a specialized agency of the United Nations, are scheduled to become effective over the next several years, with the pilot phase having begun in 2021. In January 2021 the EPA adopted regulations setting emissions standards equivalent to ICAO s for newly-designed aircraft, with immediate effect, and for in-production aircraft, effective 2028. Similarly, in December 2022, the EPA adopted particulate matter emission standards and test procedures for newly-designed aircraft, with immediate effect, and for in-production aircraft, effective 2028. 
 16 

These new standards and procedures harmonize with ICAO requirements. At present, the aircraft we operate are not affected by these standards. 
 
 We anticipate that in 2023 and thereafter, legislative and regulatory concern with the environmental impacts of the air transportation industry will increase, and that the longer-term effects on our fleet and operating costs may be substantial. 
 According to a September 2021 White House announcement, civil aviation accounts for 11 percent of emissions by the U.S. transportation sector as a whole. The FAA has announced a U.S. aviation sector goal of net-zero GHG emissions by 2050, consistent with the broader federal objective of achieving net-zero GHG emissions economy-wide by 2050. We cannot predict whether these or similar initiatives will lead to legislation that will pass the Congress or, if enacted into law, how it ultimately would apply to our operations or the airline industry. 
 
 Federal law recognizes the right of airport operators with special noise problems to implement local noise abatement procedures so long as those procedures do not interfere unreasonably with interstate and foreign commerce and the national air transportation system. These restrictions can include limiting nighttime operations, directing specific aircraft operational procedures during takeoff and initial climb, and limiting the overall number of flights at an airport. None of the airports we serve currently impose such restrictions on the number of flights or hours of operation that have a meaningful impact on our operations. It is possible one or more such airports may impose additional future restrictions with or without advance notice, which may impact our operations. 
 
 Foreign Ownership . To maintain our DOT and FAA certificates, our airline operating subsidiary and we (as the airline s holding company) must qualify continuously as citizens of the United States within the meaning of U.S. aeronautical laws and regulations. This means we must be under the actual control of U.S. citizens and we must satisfy certain other requirements, including that our president/chief executive officer and at least two-thirds of our board of directors and other managing officers are U.S. citizens, and that not more than 25 percent of our voting stock is owned or controlled by non-U.S. citizens. The amount of non-voting stock that may be owned or controlled by non-U.S. citizens is strictly limited as well. We believe we are in compliance with these ownership and control criteria. 
 
 Other Regulations. Air carriers are subject to certain provisions of federal laws and regulations governing communications because of their extensive use of radio and other communication facilities, and are required to obtain an aeronautical radio license from the Federal Communications Commission FCC ). To the extent we are subject to FCC requirements, we intend to continue to comply with those requirements. 
 
 The quality of water used for drinking and hand-washing aboard aircraft is subject to regulation by the EPA. To the extent we are subject to EPA requirements, we intend to continue to comply with those requirements. 
 
 Working conditions of cabin crew members while onboard aircraft are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") of the Department of Labor. To the extent we are subject to OSHA requirements, we intend to continue to comply with those requirements. 
 
 Our operations may become subject to additional federal requirements in the future under certain circumstances. During a period of past fuel scarcity, air carrier access to jet fuel was subject to allocation regulations promulgated by the Department of Energy. Changes to the federal excise tax and other government fees imposed on air transportation have been proposed and implemented from time to time and may result in an increased tax burden for airlines and their passengers. 
 
 We are also subject to state and local laws, regulations, and ordinances at locations where we operate and to the rules and regulations of various local authorities that operate the airports we serve. Of the more than 120 airports we serve, not more than 20 percent have curfews or gate limitations that meaningfully impact our operations at those airports. Also, some airports we serve have short runways that require us to operate some flights at less than full capacity. 
 
 International air transportation, whether provided on a scheduled or charter basis, is subject to the laws, rules, regulations, and licensing requirements of the foreign countries to, from, and over which the international flights operate. Foreign laws, rules, regulations and licensing requirements governing air transportation are generally similar, in principle, to the regulatory scheme of the United States as described above, although in some cases foreign requirements are comparatively less onerous and in others, more onerous. We must comply with the laws, rules and regulations of each country to, from, or over which we operate. Our proposed U.S.-Mexico alliance with Viva, described above, received approval by Mexico s Federal Economic Competition Commission (COFECE) in October 2022 for a six-month period, with a six-month extension available. International flights are also subject to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Immigration and Agriculture requirements and the requirements of equivalent foreign governmental agencies. 
 
 Future Laws and Regulations . Congress, the DOT, the FAA, the TSA, and other governmental agencies have under consideration, and in the future may consider and adopt, new laws, regulations, interpretations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could affect, directly or indirectly, our operations, ownership, and profitability. We cannot predict what other matters might be considered in the future by the FAA, the DOT, the TSA, other agencies, or Congress, nor can we judge what impact, if any, the implementation of any of these proposals or changes might have on our business. 
 
 Civil Reserve Air Fleet . We are a participant in the Civil Reserve Air Fleet CRAF Program which affords the U.S. Department of Defense the right to charter our aircraft during national emergencies when the need for military airlift exceeds the capability of available military resources. During the Persian Gulf War of 1990-91 and on other occasions, CRAF carriers were required to permit the military to use their aircraft in this manner. As a result of our CRAF participation, we are eligible to bid on and be awarded peacetime airlift contracts with the military on a preferential basis. 
 17 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Readers should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
 
 Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has materially and adversely affected, and may continue to materially and adversely affect, our results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 
 
 In December 2019, an outbreak of COVID-19 was identified in Wuhan, China. The COVID-19 outbreak spread throughout the world. The COVID-19 pandemic materially and adversely affected passenger demand and bookings for air travel, thereby materially and adversely affecting operating income and cash flows from operations. As a result, we incurred a net loss of 184.1 million in 2020, our first net loss since 2002. 
 
 The extent of any future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and our financial and operational performance will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, severity and recurrences of the COVID-19 or similar viruses; the possible imposition of testing requirements before domestic travel; the duration and scope of related federal, state and local government restrictions; the availability and effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19 and any variants of the virus; the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on overall demand for air travel; and our access to capital during the affected periods, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, federal, state and local authorities have at various times instituted measures such as imposing self-quarantine requirements, requiring testing before entry into certain states; issuing directives forcing businesses to temporarily close, restricting air travel and issuing shelter-in-place and similar orders limiting the movement of individuals. To the extent in effect in the future, such measures may depress demand for air travel, disrupt our operations, and materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 Instances of actual or perceived risk of infection among our employees, or our service providers employees, could further negatively impact our operations. We could also be materially adversely affected if we are unable to effectively maintain a suitably skilled and sized workforce, address employment-related matters, or maintain satisfactory relations with our employees or our employees labor representatives. 
 
 Particularly during December 2021 and January 2022, widespread positive COVID tests resulted in flight crew absences which caused us to cancel numerous flights. These cancellations resulted in unusually high irregular operations costs as we compensate passengers on company-cancelled flights for inconvenience suffered in addition to the ticket price. 
 
 Moreover, the ability to attract and retain passengers depends, in part, upon the perception and reputation of our company and the public s concerns regarding the health and safety of air travel generally. Actual or perceived risk of infection on our flights could have a material adverse effect on the public's comfort with air travel, which could harm our reputation and business. We expect we will continue to incur COVID-19 related costs as we sanitize airplanes and implement additional hygiene-related protocol to airplanes, and take other action to limit infection among our employees and passengers. 
 
 As COVID-19 infection rates and protective measures continue to evolve, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. 
 
 Many attractions in the leisure destinations we serve, such as Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida and Las Vegas hotels, temporarily closed during the pandemic. Any recurrence of these closures will adversely impact travel to these destinations. 
 
 Risks Related to Allegiant 
 
 Increases in fuel prices or unavailability of fuel would harm our business and profitability. 
 
 Fuel costs constituted approximately 36.9 percent of our total operating expenses in 2022 and the average cost per gallon increased by 73.5 percent in 2022 over 2021. Significant increases in fuel costs have negatively affected our operating results in the past, and future fuel cost volatility could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Both the cost and availability of aircraft fuel are subject to many economic and political factors and events occurring throughout the world over which we have no control. Meteorological events may also result in short-term disruptions in the fuel supply. Aircraft fuel availability is also subject to periods of market surplus and shortage, and is affected by demand for heating oil, gasoline, and other petroleum products. Due to the effect of these events on the price and availability of aircraft fuel, our ability to control this cost is limited, and the price and future availability of fuel cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Due to the high percentage of our operating costs represented by fuel, a relatively small increase in the price of fuel could have a significantly negative impact on our operating costs. A fuel supply shortage or higher fuel prices could result in reduction of our service during the period affected. 
 18 

We have made a business decision not to purchase financial derivatives to hedge against increases in the cost of fuel. This decision may make our operating results more vulnerable to the impact of fuel price increases. 
 
 Increased labor costs could result from industry conditions and could be impacted by labor-related disruptions. 
 
 Labor costs constituted approximately 25.0 percent of our total operating costs in 2022, our second largest expense line item. Labor costs are generally rising and it has become more difficult to find suitable candidates in the current economic environment. 
 
 Further, we have four employee groups (pilots, flight attendants, flight dispatchers and maintenance technicians) which have elected union representation. These groups represent approximately 64.6 percent of our employees. 
 
 In 2016, we reached a collective bargaining agreement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, representing our pilots. The pilot agreement is now amendable and the parties, after negotiations for several months, have jointly sought mediation through the National Mediation Board. Pilot pay scales have increased significantly in the industry and we expect our next contract with this work group to reflect industry competitive rates which will be significantly higher than our current pilot rates. 
 
 An agreement with the Transport Workers Union for the flight attendant group was approved in 2017 and became amendable in 2022. We are also in the process of negotiating a new labor agreement with this group. 
 
 We also have agreements with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters for the flight dispatchers which was approved in May 2019 and for maintenance technicians which was approved in October 2021. These agreements will increase our costs over their respective five-year contract terms. 
 
 Future union contracts with these, or other, work groups could put additional pressure on our labor costs. 
 
 If we are unable to reach agreement on the terms of collective bargaining agreements in the future, or we experience wide-spread employee dissatisfaction, attrition in these work groups, difficulty in hiring sufficient personnel or work slow downs or stoppages could have an adverse effect on our operations and future results. 
 
 The inability to attract and retain qualified flight crew and other airline personnel could limit our growth plans and operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 We compete against other U.S. airlines for pilots, aircraft maintenance technicians and other labor. Recently, there has been a scarcity of pilots for hire, more pilots in the industry are approaching mandatory retirement age and there is significant competition to hire new pilots. Attrition beyond normal levels or the inability to attract new pilots could negatively impact our growth, operations and results of operations. The scarcity of pilots and opportunities at other carriers could encourage our captains and first officers to leave our airline, exacerbating the challenge to maintain sufficient numbers of pilots to fly our published schedule and to grow our network. The lack of a new collective bargaining agreement with our pilots union (now in negotiation) could also contribute to attrition and serve as an impediment to our being able to hire and maintain sufficient numbers of pilots. 
 
 Additionally, the airline industry, including our third party vendors, has experienced and may continue to experience challenges in hiring and retaining other labor positions, such as aircraft maintenance technicians, ground handling and customer service agents, and flight attendants. Our and our vendors' inability to attract and retain personnel for these positions could negatively impact our results of operations and growth plans. Additionally, we may be required to increase our wage and benefit packages, or pay increased rates to our vendors, to retain these positions. This would result in increased overall costs and may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Our reputation and financial results could be harmed in the event of an accident or restrictions affecting aircraft in our fleet. 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, our operating fleet consists of 122 Airbus A320 series aircraft, of which all but 13 were acquired used. Our aircraft range from 4 to 25 years from their manufacture date at February 1, 2023, with an average age of 14.8 years. 
 
 An accident involving one of our aircraft, even if fully insured, could result in a public perception that we are less safe or reliable than other airlines, which would harm our business. Further, there is no assurance that the amount of insurance we carry would be sufficient to protect us from material loss. Because we are smaller than most airlines, an accident would likely adversely affect us to a greater degree than a larger, more established airline. 
 
 In-flight emergencies affecting our aircraft, and resulting media attention, could also contribute to a public perception regarding safety concerns and a loss of business. 
 19 

The FAA could suspend or restrict the use of our aircraft in the event of actual or perceived mechanical problems or safety issues while it conducts its own investigation, whether involving our aircraft or another U.S. or foreign airline s aircraft. Our business could also be significantly harmed if the public avoids flying our aircraft due to an adverse perception of the aircraft we utilize because of safety concerns or other problems, whether real or perceived, or in the event of an accident involving these aircraft. 
 
 A breach in the security of personal information, breach in credit card data, or system disruptions caused by security breaches or cyberattacks including attacks on those parties we do business with could harm our ability to conduct our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 We receive, retain, and transmit certain personal information about our customers. Additionally, our online operations rely on the secure transmission of customer data. We use third party systems, integrated software, and advanced cyber security tools in order to protect the customer data we obtain through the course of our business. Although we use a variety of security techniques to protect customer information, a compromise of our physical or network security systems through a cyberattack would create the risk that customers personal information might be obtained by unauthorized persons. 
 
 In addition, such security related events could be widely publicized and could adversely affect our reputation with our customers, vendors and stockholders, could harm our competitive position particularly with respect to our ecommerce operations, and could thereby materially adversely affect our operations, revenues, results of operations and financial position. Consequences could include litigation, other legal actions against us, and/or the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities. We currently are self insured against these risks. Moreover, a security compromise or ransomware event could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the issue and to expend significant additional resources to further upgrade the security measures we employ to guard personal and confidential information against cyberattacks and other attempts to access or otherwise compromise such information and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our digital operations. 
 
 The way organizations handle customer data is subject to increasing legislation and regulation, typically intended to protect the privacy of customer data received, retained, and transmitted. We could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with existing rules or practices, or if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our business practices. These privacy developments are difficult to anticipate and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We rely heavily on automated systems to operate our business and any failure of these systems could harm our business. 
 
 We depend on automated systems to operate our business, including our air reservation system, telecommunication systems, our website, and other automated systems. Our continuing initiatives to enhance the capabilities of our automated systems could increase the risk of automation failures. Any failure by us to handle our automation needs could negatively affect our internet sales (on which we rely heavily) and customer service, and result in lost revenues and increased costs. 
 
 Our website and reservation system must be able to accommodate a high volume of traffic and deliver necessary functionality to support our operations. Our automated systems cannot be completely protected against events that are beyond our control, such as natural disasters, telecommunications failures, malware, ransom ware, security breaches or cyber-security attacks. Although we have implemented security measures and have information systems disaster recovery plans in place, we cannot assure investors that these measures are adequate to prevent disruptions or that the insurance would cover all losses. Substantial or repeated website, reservations system, or telecommunication system failures could decrease the attractiveness of our services. Any disruption to these systems could result in the loss of important data and revenue, increase in expenses, and harm to our business. 
 
 Unfavorable economic conditions may adversely affect travel from our markets to our leisure destinations. 
 
 The airline industry is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. Unfavorable U.S. economic conditions have historically driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced discretionary spending for leisure travel. Unfavorable economic conditions could impact demand for airline travel in our under-served cities to our leisure destinations. During difficult economic times, we may be unable to raise prices in response to fuel cost increases, labor, or other operating costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The successful development of our first Sunseeker Resort is dependent on commercial and economic factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
 
 We are developing a hotel resort in Southwest Florida. After suspension of construction during the pandemic, construction recommenced in August 2021. The successful development of the project will be subject to various risks inherent in construction projects (such as supply chain issues, cost overruns and construction delays) as well as risks of gaining sufficient interest from vacationers to stay in our hotel and suites, the desirability of the project s location, competition and the ability to profitably operate the hotel and related offerings once open. 
 
 Near the end of September 2022, Hurricane Ian (the "Hurricane") struck Southwest Florida and caused significant damage to our Sunseeker Resort. Although we believe the damage will be fully covered by our insurance, the actual amount of damage has yet to be finally calculated and we have yet to recover the full amount of our claims from our insurers. The damage caused by the 
 20 

Hurricane will delay the completion of the Resort, but the actual completion date will depend on the availability of workers and materials and other factors which are beyond our control. 
 
 The success of our alliance with VivaAerobus will depend on our ability to obtain necessary government approvals and other factors. 
 
 We will be able to implement the joint alliance with VivaAerobus as planned only if the DOT grants us antitrust immunity and we receive similar approval from Mexican authorities. Although we believe we should qualify for these approvals, there can be no assurance we will be able to obtain them on a timely basis, or at all. 
 
 In addition, performance under the joint alliance is contingent upon Mexico reattaining Category 1 status under the FAA s International Aviation Safety Assessment program, a matter within the control of the FAA and the Government of Mexico. A delay in Mexico achieving Category 1 status would likely delay our plans to enter the U.S.-Mexico market for a period of time. 
 
 Many of the U.S. airports from which we hope to offer this service do not currently qualify to offer international service. The initiation of this service from these airports will depend on the airport satisfying the requirements for international service, for which we can provide no assurance. 
 
 Prior to offering international service on our website, we will need to implement the necessary systems to accommodate international travel and to meet the various requirements imposed by the U.S. and Mexico. There is no assurance that these requirements will be met in time for the expected launch of these services. 
 
 For Mexican routes to be operated by VivaAerobus, we will be relying on them to provide our customers with the quality flight experience our customers expect when traveling on our airline. Otherwise, the success of the joint alliance and our reputation may suffer. 
 
 Increases in taxes could impact demand for our services. 
 
 In 2023, Congress may consider legislation that could increase the amount of Federal Excise Tax FET and/or one or more of the other government fees imposed on air travel. By increasing the overall price charged to passengers, any additional taxes or fees could lessen the demand for air travel or force carriers to lower fares to maintain demand. Increased taxes and fees per passenger may impact our load factors more than other airlines as our lower fares are designed to stimulate demand for our services, and taxes and fees often represent a higher proportion of our overall price than for other airlines. 
 
 FAA limitations could impact our ability to grow in the future. 
 
 As with all scheduled airlines, the FAA must approve each aircraft we utilize and each airport we serve. Although there are no generic restrictions on growth in place at the current time, future limitations from the FAA could potentially hinder our growth. 
 
 21 

Our indebtedness, debt service obligations and other commitments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations as well as limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from servicing our debt and operating our business. 
 
 Our debt and finance lease obligations as of December 31, 2022 totaled 2.10 billion net of related costs. In addition, in December 2021, we entered into a purchase agreement with The Boeing Company to purchase 50 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft to deliver in 2023 to 2025. This indebtedness, the Boeing purchase agreement and other commitments with debt service and fixed charge obligations could: 
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including financial and other restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default under agreements governing our indebtedness; 
 make it more difficult to satisfy our other future obligations, including our obligations to pay the purchase price in respect of current and future aircraft purchase contracts; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available to fund internal growth through working capital, capital expenditures, and for other purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, the competitive environment, legislation and our industry; 
 make us more vulnerable to adverse changes in our business, economic, industry, market or competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 
 expose us to interest rate and pricing increases on indebtedness and financing arrangements as general interest rates rise; 
 restrict us from pursuing strategic acquisitions or exploiting certain business opportunities; 
 subject us to a greater risk of non-compliance with financial and other restrictive covenants in financing arrangements; 
 limit, among other things, our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy and other purposes or raise equity capital in the future and increasing the costs of such additional financings; and 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may not be as highly leveraged or who have less debt in relation to cash flow. 
 
 In addition, our ability to service our indebtedness will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors. Many of these factors are beyond our control and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 At maturity, or in the event of an acceleration of payment obligations, we may be unable to pay our outstanding indebtedness with our cash and cash equivalents then on hand. In such event, we would be required to seek alternative sources of funding, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, terms as favorable as our current agreements, or at all. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness or find alternative means of financing our operations, we may be required to take actions that are inconsistent with our current business practices or strategy. 
 
 Covenants in our senior secured notes, revolving credit facility and construction loan could limit how we conduct our business, which could affect our long-term growth potential. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the principal balances of our Senior Secured Notes due 2024 and Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (collectively the "Senior Secured Notes") totaled 700.0 million and the principal balance of our Sunseeker construction loan was 350.0 million. These loan agreements as well as our revolving credit facility contain covenants limiting our ability to, among other things, make certain types of restricted payments, including paying dividends, incur debt or liens, merge or consolidate with others, dispose of assets, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, engage in certain business activities or make certain investments. In addition, the loan agreements contain financial covenants, including requiring us, at the end of each calendar quarter, to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio and to maintain a minimum aggregate amount of liquidity of 300.0 million. We have pledged our assets to secure the Senior Secured Notes and revolving credit facility with the exceptions of aircraft and aircraft engines, the Sunseeker Resort and certain other exceptions. The Sunseeker Resort is pledged to secure the 350.0 million construction loan agreement to finance the completion of the construction of the Resort. This will limit our ability to obtain debt secured by these pledged assets while these loans are outstanding. 
 
 These loan agreements contain various events of default (including failure to comply with the covenants under the loan agreements), and upon an event of default the lenders may, subject to various cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding under the these loans. 
 As a result of these restrictive covenants, we may be limited in how we conduct business, and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during difficult times or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 22 

Any inability to obtain financing for aircraft under contract could harm our fleet growth plan. 
 
 We typically finance our aircraft through debt financing after purchase. Although we have entered into an agreement for a financing commitment of up to 200.0 million of required pre-delivery deposits for our Boeing order, we have secured revolving lines of credit for up to 275.0 million to offset the risk that financing may not be available on acceptable terms when needed and while we believe debt financing will be available for the aircraft we will acquire, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to secure such financing on terms attractive to us or at all. To the extent we cannot secure such financing on acceptable terms or at all, we may be required to modify our aircraft acquisition plans, incur higher than anticipated financing costs, or use more of our cash balances for aircraft acquisitions than we currently expect. 
 
 Our maintenance costs may increase as our fleet ages. 
 
 The average age of our aircraft as of February 1, 2023, is 14.8 years, which is older than the fleets of many other carriers. In general, the cost to maintain aircraft increases as they age, and exceeds the cost to maintain newer aircraft. FAA regulations, including aging aircraft airworthiness directives, require additional and enhanced maintenance inspections for older aircraft. These regulations can directly impact the frequency of inspections as an aircraft ages, and vary by aircraft or engine type, depending on the unique characteristics of each aircraft and/or engine. 
 
 In addition, we may be required to comply with any future law changes, regulations, or airworthiness directives. We cannot assure investors our maintenance costs will not exceed our expectations. 
 
 We rely on third parties to provide us with aircraft, facilities and services that are integral to our business. 
 
 We rely on Boeing and the owners of used aircraft under contract to be able to deliver aircraft in accordance with the terms of executed agreements in a timely manner. Delivery schedules for newly built aircraft frequently slip which could delay deliveries to us. Our planned initiation of service with these aircraft in the future could be adversely affected if Boeing or other third parties fail to perform as contractually obligated. 
 
 We have entered into agreements with third party contractors to provide certain facilities and services required for our operations, such as aircraft maintenance, ground handling, baggage services, and ticket counter space. Our reliance on others to provide essential services on our behalf gives us less control over costs and the efficiency, timeliness and quality of contract services. 
 
 We may not be able to maintain or grow our ancillary revenues . 
 
 Our business strategy includes expanding our ancillary products and services. We cannot ensure that passengers will pay for additional ancillary products and services we offer in the future, or that they will continue to pay for the ancillary products and services we currently offer. Regulatory changes could also adversely affect our ancillary revenue opportunities. Failure to maintain our ancillary revenues could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and stock price. If we are unable to maintain and grow these revenues, we may be unable to execute our strategy to continue to offer low base fares in order to stimulate demand. 
 
 Management changes could impact our success in the future. 
 
 Within the last year, we have a new chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer and chief operating officer. Although each of the new senior officers has served as officers in other senior capacities with us for several years or longer with cumulatively more than 50 years of service with us, there can be no assurance we will continue to be as successful as under prior leadership. 
 
 Our business depends upon the efforts of our chief executive officer, John Redmond, president, Gregory Anderson, and a small number of executive management and operating personnel. We do not currently maintain key-man life insurance on Mr. Redmond, Mr. Anderson or any other executives. We may have difficulty replacing management or other key personnel who leave and, therefore, the loss of the services of any of these individuals could harm our business. 
 
 Our reputation and brand could be harmed if various stakeholders are not satisfied with our ESG disclosures, goals and progress. 
 
 We operate in a public-facing industry dependent on fossil fuels to a large extent. ESG (environmental, social and governance) has become a more prominent focus for public companies and the SEC has proposed rules which will mandate certain ESG disclosures. Although we are working with a recognized consultant in this area and we intend to comply with any SEC requirements, our brand and reputation may suffer if our stakeholders are not satisfied with our ESG disclosures, the goals we set in that area or our progress toward meeting those goals once established. 
 23 

Risks Associated with the Airline and Travel Industry 
 
 Our operating results could be affected by outbreaks of communicable diseases. 
 
 As has resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic, contagious illness and fear of contagion could have a material adverse impact on the airline industry. Any general reduction in airline passenger traffic as a result of an outbreak of disease or other travel advisories could dampen demand for our services even if not applicable to our markets. Resulting decreases in passenger volume would harm our load factors, could increase our cost per passenger and adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 The airline industry is highly competitive and future competition in our under-served markets could harm our business. 
 
 The airline industry is highly competitive. The under-served cities we serve on a scheduled basis have traditionally attracted considerably less attention from our potential competitors than larger markets, and in most of our small city markets, we are the only provider of nonstop service to our leisure destinations. If other airlines or new airline start-ups begin to provide nonstop services to and from these or similar markets, or otherwise target these or similar markets, the increase in the amount of direct or indirect competition could cause us to reconsider service to affected markets, could impact our margins or could impact our future planned service. 
 
 A future act of terrorism, the threat of such acts, or escalation of U.S. military involvement overseas could adversely affect our industry. 
 
 Even if not directed at the airline industry, a future act of terrorism, the threat of such acts, or escalation of U.S. military involvement overseas could have an adverse effect on the airline industry. In the event of a terrorist attack, the industry would likely experience significantly reduced demand for travel services. These actions, or consequences resulting from these actions, would likely harm our business and the airline and travel industry. If we are called on to provide aircraft in the event of national emergencies as a result of our participation in the CRAF program, our operations would be disrupted. 
 
 Changes in government laws and regulations imposing additional requirements and restrictions on our operations could increase our operating costs. 
 
 Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements, both domestically and internationally, that involve significant costs. In the last several years, the FAA has issued a number of directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that have required us to incur significant expenditures. FAA requirements cover, among other things, retirement of older aircraft, fleet integration of newer aircraft, safety management systems, collision avoidance systems, airborne windshear avoidance systems, noise abatement, aircraft weight and payload limits, assumed average passenger weight, employee drug and alcohol testing, pilot and flight attendant duty time limitations, and increased inspection and maintenance procedures to be conducted on aging aircraft. The future cost of complying with these and other laws, rules and regulations, including new federal legislative and DOT regulatory requirements in the consumer-protection area, cannot be predicted and could significantly increase our costs of doing business. 
 
 Over the past 14 years the DOT has adopted revisions and expansions to a variety of its consumer protection regulations and policies. Additional expanded regulations have recently been proposed by DOT and may take effect in 2023 or thereafter, as may new consumer protection legislation proposed in Congress. We are not able to predict the impact of new consumer protection rules on our business, though we monitor the progress of potential laws and rulings. We are subject to fines or other enforcement actions if the DOT believes we are not in compliance with these or other rules or regulations or with the federal consumer protection laws administered by the DOT. Even if our actions or practices are found to be compliant, we could incur substantial costs defending our actions or practices. 
 
 Federal funding to airports and/or airport bond financing could be affected through future deficit reduction legislation, which could result in higher fees, rates, and charges at many of the airports we serve. Additionally, from time to time legislative proposals have been made to re-regulate the airline industry in varying degrees - for example, to specify minimum seat-size and legroom requirements - which if adopted could affect our costs materially. Such legislation may be proposed and could be adopted in 2023, particularly in the course of an FAA reauthorization act as the existing FAA authorization expires September 30, 2023. 
 
 We (i.e., our airline subsidiary) and VivaAerobus, a Mexican airline, submitted to DOT in late 2021 a joint application requesting approval of and antitrust immunity for a comprehensive alliance agreement applicable to all routes we and/or Viva may operate between points in the United States and points in Mexico. Although the DOT process has progressed substantially and is continuing, there is no assurance as to when or whether DOT will ultimately approve the agreement and grant antitrust immunity. While Mexican regulatory approval was issued in late 2022, both parties have stated they do not intend to proceed under the agreement in the absence of antitrust immunity issued by DOT. In addition, full performance under the agreement is contingent upon Mexico reattaining Category 1 status under the FAA s International Aviation Safety Assessment IASA program. While progress has reportedly been made, the IASA matter remains within the control of the FAA and the Government of Mexico. An adverse outcome in one or more of these respects would likely thwart our plans to enter the U.S.-Mexico market for a number of years, despite the significant effort and expense we have incurred and continue to incur on the project. 
 
 We anticipate that in 2023 and thereafter, legislative and regulatory concern with the environmental impacts of the air transportation industry will increase, and that the longer-term effects on our fleet and operating costs may be substantial. In the 
 24 

past, legislation to address climate change issues as they relate to the transportation industry has been introduced in the U.S. Congress, including a proposal to require transportation fuel producers and importers to acquire market-based allowances to offset the emissions resulting from combustion of their fuels. Similarly, as recently as February 2021, legislation was introduced in the U.S. Congress to incentivize the production of sustainable aviation fuel (also known as biofuel) and to assist the aviation industry in reducing emissions. According to a September 2021 White House announcement, civil aviation accounts for 11 percent of emissions by the U.S. transportation sector as a whole. The FAA has announced a U.S. aviation sector goal of net-zero greenhouse gas GHG emissions by 2050, consistent with the broader federal objective of achieving net-zero GHG emissions economy-wide by 2050. We cannot predict whether legislation to implement these goals will pass the Congress or, if enacted into law, how it ultimately would apply to our operations or the airline industry. 
 
 In addition, the EPA concluded in 2016 that current and projected concentrations of GHG emitted by various aircraft, including all of the aircraft we and other carriers operate, threaten public health and welfare. This finding may be a precursor to increased EPA regulation of commercial aircraft emissions in the United States, as has taken effect for operations within the European Union under EU legislation. Binding international measures adopted under the auspices of the International Civil Aviation Organization ICAO ), a specialized agency of the United Nations, are scheduled to become effective over the next several years, with the pilot phase having begun in 2021. In January 2021 the EPA adopted regulations setting emissions standards equivalent to ICAO s for newly-designed aircraft, with immediate effect, and for in-production aircraft, effective 2028. Similarly, in December 2022, the EPA adopted particulate matter emission standards and test procedures for newly-designed aircraft, with immediate effect, and for in-production aircraft, effective 2028. These new standards and procedures harmonize with ICAO requirements. At present, the aircraft we operate are not affected by these standards, although as noted, we anticipate an ever-increasing legislative and regulatory focus on aviation s impacts on the environment. These developments and any additional legislation or regulations addressing climate change are likely to increase our costs of doing business in the future and the increases could be material. 
 
 With respect to aircraft weight and balance, consumer protection, climate change, taxation, and other matters affecting the airline industry, whether the source of new requirements is legislative or regulatory, increased costs will adversely affect our profitability if we are unable to pass the costs on to our customers or adjust our operations to offset the new costs. 
 
 Existing and proposed state-specific labor laws could affect our ability to schedule and operate flights efficiently, and as a result could increase our operating costs and liability exposure. 
 Various states and localities across the country are attempting to impose requirements, such as wage and hour requirements, meal and rest break and sick leave laws, on flight attendants and pilots flight crew who spend the vast majority of their working hours in the air and in various states and jurisdictions on a daily basis. These requirements would create significant operational challenges for air carriers by creating a patchwork of state and local laws which undermine the federal deregulation of the airline industry and, in theory, could require airlines to simultaneously comply with rules which conflict with those of other jurisdictions, federal regulations, and the provisions of labor agreements. Courts continue to remain divided on whether federal deregulation preempts these state laws and Congress has not addressed the issue. The impact on flight crew staffing, pay and scheduling technology may potentially increase our costs of doing business and could make certain routes cost prohibitive. Flight crews have filed class action lawsuits against air carriers in a number of states with varied results and, in many cases, the results have been appealed. We have been sued in California by a flight attendant seeking class action certification on claims involving these issues. Although we have reached a preliminary settlement in that case, such suits are costly to defend and could result in sizeable liability exposure for any air carrier. 
 Airlines are often affected by factors beyond their control, including air traffic congestion, weather conditions, increased security measures, and a reduction in demand to any particular market, any of which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Like other airlines, we are subject to delays caused by factors beyond our control, including air traffic congestion at airports and en route, adverse weather conditions, increased security measures, and the outbreak of disease. Delays frustrate passengers and increase costs, which in turn could affect profitability. During periods of fog, snow, rain, storms or other adverse weather conditions, flights may be canceled or significantly delayed. Cancellations or delays due to weather conditions, traffic control problems, and breaches in security could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 A substantial proportion of our scheduled flights have Las Vegas, Orlando, Phoenix, Tampa/St. Petersburg, Punta Gorda, Destin or Sarasota as either their destination or origin. Our business could be harmed by any circumstances causing a reduction in demand for air transportation to one or more of these markets, or our other leisure destinations, such as adverse changes in local economic conditions, negative public perception of the particular city, significant price increases, or the impact of future terrorist attacks or natural disasters. 
 
 Near the end of September 2022, Hurricane Ian struck Southwest Florida and moved across the State of Florida causing substantial damage in its wake. Particular areas in Southwest Florida suffered damage which may take years to restore. These areas include the tourist destinations of Fort Myers Beach, Sanibel Island and Captiva Island among others, to which many of our customers travel when flying on our network. There is no assurance that passenger travel to our leisure destinations in Punta Gorda, Sarasota and Key West will not be impacted, or to what extent, as a result of the lingering effects of the damage and recovery from Hurricane Ian. 

25 

Risks Related to Our Stock Price 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of an investment in our stock to decline. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 
 the impact of pandemics and other communicable diseases on air travel and any related government restrictions impacting air travel 
 fuel price volatility, and the effect of economic and geopolitical factors and worldwide oil supply and consumption on fuel availability 
 announcements concerning our competitors, new market entrants, the airline industry, or the economy in general 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings 
 media reports and publications about the safety of our aircraft or the aircraft types we operate 
 new regulatory pronouncements and changes in regulatory guidelines 
 announcements concerning our business strategy 
 our ability to grow service in the future as rapidly as the market anticipates as we continue to add more cities to our network 
 general and industry-specific economic conditions 
 changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts 
 substantial sales of our common stock or other actions by investors with significant shareholdings 
 additional issuances of our common stock 
 labor costs or work actions 
 general market conditions 
 
 The stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These types of broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 In the past, stockholders have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. Although we have insurance to cover these claims up to policy limits, these lawsuits or similar litigation could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, and harm our business or results of operations. 
 
 Other companies may have difficulty acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, due to provisions under our corporate charter and bylaws, as well as Nevada law. 
 
 We are subject to a Nevada statute (NRS 78.411 to 78.444) that prohibits us from engaging in any combinations with any interested stockholder, as such terms are defined in that statute, meaning generally that a stockholder who is the beneficial owner of 10 percent or more of our stock cannot acquire, or engage in certain significant transactions with us for a period of up to four years after the date that person became an interested stockholder unless various conditions are met, such as approval of the transaction by our board of directors and by at least 60 percent of disinterested stockholders. 
 
 In addition, another Nevada statute (NRS 78.378 to 78.3793) may eliminate voting rights of control shares in a Nevada corporation with at least 200 stockholders of record (of which at least 100 have addresses in Nevada) to the extent they are acquired by a holder in connection with an acquisition of shares that causes such holder to exceed certain thresholds (one-fifth, one-third and a majority or more) of the voting power of such corporation. In such event, the holder only obtains voting rights in such control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation at a special or annual meeting. These Nevada statutes may discourage certain persons potentially interested in acquiring control of us, or may inhibit certain types of acquisition offers. We have not opted out of either of these statutes. 
 
 Under U.S. laws and the regulations of the DOT, we must be under the actual control of U.S. citizens at all times. By law, our president/CEO and at least two-thirds of our board of directors and other managing officers must be U.S. citizens and not more than 25 percent of our voting stock may be owned or controlled by non-U.S. citizens (although consistent with DOT policy, our overall foreign economic ownership may be as high as 49 percent). Any of these restrictions as well as DOT prior-approval requirements could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 
 
 26 

Our corporate charter and bylaws include provisions limiting voting by non-U.S. citizens. 
 
 To comply with restrictions imposed by federal law on foreign ownership of U.S. airlines, our articles of incorporation and bylaws restrict voting of shares of our capital stock by non-U.S. citizens. The restrictions imposed by federal law currently require no more than 25 percent of our stock be voted, directly or indirectly, by persons who are not U.S. citizens, and that our president and at least two-thirds of the members of our board of directors be U.S. citizens. Our bylaws provide no shares of our capital stock may be voted by or at the direction of non-U.S. citizens unless such shares are registered on a separate stock record, which we refer to as the foreign stock record. Our bylaws further provide no shares of our capital stock will be registered on the foreign stock record if the amount so registered would exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. Registration on the foreign stock record is made in chronological order based on the date we receive a written request for registration. Non-U.S. citizens will be able to own and vote shares of our common stock only if the combined ownership by all non-U.S. citizens does not violate these requirements. 
 
 27 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 28 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Aircraft 
 
 The following table summarizes our total in-service aircraft as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Aircraft Type Number of In-Service Aircraft Seating Capacity (per aircraft) Age Range (years) Average Age in Years Airbus A319 35 156 16-19 17.4 Airbus A320 86 177/180/186 4-25 14.1 Total aircraft 121 

Ground Facilities 
 
 We lease facilities at the majority of our leisure destinations and several other airports we serve. Our leases for terminal passenger service facilities (which include ticket counter and gate space, and operations support areas) generally have a term ranging from month-to-month to several years, and may typically be terminated with a 30 to 90 day notice. We have also entered into use agreements at each of the airports we serve which provide for non-exclusive use of runways, taxiways, and other facilities. Landing fees under these agreements are based on the number of landings and weight of the aircraft. 
 
 The following details the airport locations we utilize as operational bases as of February 1, 2023: 
 
 Airport Location Asheville Regional Airport Fletcher, North Carolina Appleton International Airport Appleton, Wisconsin Austin-Bergstrom International Airport Austin, Texas Bellingham International Airport Bellingham, Washington Bishop International Airport Flint, Michigan Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport Hebron, Kentucky Des Moines International Airport Des Moines, Iowa Destin-Fort Walton Beach Airport Destin, Florida Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport Ft. Lauderdale, Florida Gerald R. Ford International Airport Grand Rapids, Michigan Indianapolis International Airport Indianapolis, Indiana Lehigh Valley International Airport Allentown, Pennsylvania Los Angeles International Airport Los Angeles, California Harry Reid International Airport Las Vegas, Nevada McGhee Tyson Airport Knoxville, Tennessee Nashville International Airport Nashville, Tennessee Orlando Sanford International Airport Sanford, Florida Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport Mesa, Arizona Pittsburgh International Airport Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Provo Municipal Airport Provo, Utah Punta Gorda Airport Punta Gorda, Florida Sarasota Bradenton International Airport Sarasota, Florida Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport Savannah, Georgia St. Petersburg-Clearwater International Airport St. Petersburg, Florida 
 
 We believe we have sufficient access to gate space for current and presently contemplated future operations at all airports we serve. 
 
 29 

We use leased facilities at our operational bases to perform line maintenance, overnight parking of aircraft, and other operations' support. We lease additional space in cargo areas at Harry Reid International Airport (Las Vegas), Nashville International Airport, Orlando Sanford International Airport, Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport, Punta Gorda Airport, Sarasota Manatee Airport, Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport, and St. Petersburg-Clearwater International Airport for our primary line maintenance operations. We also lease or own warehouse space in Las Vegas, Orlando Sanford, St. Petersburg-Clearwater, Punta Gorda, and Phoenix-Mesa for aircraft spare parts and supplies. 
 
 Our primary corporate offices are located in Las Vegas, where we own approximately 11 acres of property containing approximately 211,000 square feet of office space. 
 
 We also lease and/or own other facilities in Las Vegas and Florida, with approximately 350,000 square feet of space used for training and other corporate purposes. These leases expire between 2024 and 2048. 
 
 Sunseeker Resort 
 
 We own approximately 28 acres on the harbor in Port Charlotte, Florida for the construction of Sunseeker Resort - Charlotte Harbor and related purposes. In November 2021 we acquired an office building in Lake Suzy, Florida for Sunseeker administration. Additionally, we own a golf course (Aileron Golf Course) consisting of 156 acres in Lake Suzy, Florida. 
 
 30 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are subject to certain legal and administrative actions we consider routine to our business activities. We believe the ultimate outcome of any pending legal or administrative matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 31 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market for our common stock 
 
 Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (symbol: ALGT). On February 3, 2023, the last sale price of our common stock was 100.67 per share. The following table sets forth the range of high and low sale prices for our common stock for the periods indicated. 
 
 Period High Low 2022 1st Quarter 195.66 132.03 2nd Quarter 176.56 109.82 3rd Quarter 122.36 72.97 4th Quarter 84.89 62.94 2021 1st Quarter 271.29 172.91 2nd Quarter 255.76 187.09 3rd Quarter 215.48 171.53 4th Quarter 206.40 163.60 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were approximately 200 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial holders. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information regarding options, warrants and other rights to acquire equity securities under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (2) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 42,000 265.00 1,295,300 
 
 (1) There are no securities to be issued under any equity compensation plans not approved by our security holders. 
 (2) The shares shown as being issuable under equity compensation plans exclude unvested restricted stock awards of 429,868 as all restricted stock awards are deemed to have been issued. This number includes shares granted under our 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 (3) Our 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan applies a fungible ratio such that a full-value award, such as a restricted stock grant or restricted stock unit grant, will be counted at two times its number for purposes of the plan limit. As a result, a maximum of 647,650 shares of restricted stock are remaining for future issuance under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We paid a quarterly dividend from 2015 through first quarter 2020 when we suspended all cash dividends upon the onset of the pandemic. In addition, in connection with the Payroll Support Program Agreements we entered into with the Treasury, repurchases of common stock and the payment of cash dividends were prohibited through September 30, 2022. We have yet to recommence any cash dividends. 
 
 Our Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table reflects repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 32 

Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of our Publicly Announced Plan Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) (2) 
 October 1,397 72.99 None November 308,449 78.41 308,449 December 69,106 81.29 69,080 Total 378,952 78.92 377,529 24,825 
 
 (1) Includes shares repurchased from employees who vested a portion of their restricted stock grants. These share repurchases were made at the election of each employee pursuant to an offer to repurchase by us. In each case, the shares repurchased constituted a portion of vested shares necessary to satisfy income tax withholding requirements. 
 (2) Represents the remaining dollar amount of open market purchases of our common stock which has been authorized by our board under a share repurchase program. In January 2023, our board increased the stock repurchase authority to 100.0 million. 
 
 Stock Price Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the Nasdaq Composite Index and the AMEX Airline Index since December 31, 2017. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was 100 on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends are reinvested. Stock price performance for the historical periods presented is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 ALGT 100.00 66.57 116.08 126.36 124.94 48.01 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 96.12 129.97 186.69 226.63 151.61 AMEX Airline Index 100.00 77.65 94.17 71.15 69.91 45.24 
 
 The stock price performance graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this annual report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts. 
 33 

Item 6. (Reserved) 
 34 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis presents factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As comparisons of our 2022 results to 2021 reflect disproportionate changes due to the continued impact of the pandemic on air travel during 2021, we have also provided analysis of certain revenue and expense line items to 2019 results (the last year unaffected by the pandemic) where helpful to understand trends in our performance. Unless otherwise expressly stated, for discussion and analysis of 2021 and a comparison of our 2021 results to 2020 results, please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, under Part II Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Also discussed is our financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Investors should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 35 

2022 Highlights 
 
 Our highest ever annual total operating revenue of 2.3 billion, up 25.0 percent as compared to 2019, on a total system capacity increase of 13.9 percent 
 Full-year TRASM was 12.50 cents, up 10.8 percent as compared to 2019 on scheduled service capacity increases of 15.2 percent 
 Our highest ever annual average ancillary air related revenue per passenger of 67.74 
 We made great progress to strengthen our system and operations by: 
 Adding more than 850 full-time equivalent employees 
 Adding 13 Airbus A320 Series aircraft to our operating fleet 
 Adding three new bases in Flint, Michigan, Appleton, Wisconsin and Provo, Utah, increasing the number of our bases to 24 
 Investing in the systems implementations discussed in the Business section. 
 Planning to induct our new Boeing aircraft 
 Acquired over 150 thousand new Allegiant co-branded credit card holders during the year, with over 410 thousand active cardholders at year end 
 Added over 2 million Allegiant Allways Rewards members during 2022, with more than 15 million total members at year end 
 Allegiant co-branded credit card and Allegiant Allways Rewards were voted as the No. 1 Best Airline Credit Card and Best Frequent Flyer Program in USA Today's 10 Best 2022 Loyalty/Rewards Readers' Choice Awards. Allegiant's co-branded credit card was named the best airline co-branded credit card for the fourth consecutive year 
 Named to Newsweek's Top 100 Most Loved Workplaces list for the second consecutive year 
 Donated 100,000 to the American Red Cross for critical disaster relief to communities in the aftermath of Hurricane Ian 
 Published the company's inaugural sustainability report 
 
 36 

AIRCRAFT 
 
 Operating Fleet 
 
 The following table sets forth the number and type of aircraft in service and operated by us as of the dates indicated. All of the aircraft in our fleet as of December 31, 2022 are owned by us except as indicated in the footnotes to the table: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 A320 (1)(2) 
 86 73 61 A319 (3) 
 35 35 34 Total 121 108 95 
 
 (1) Does not include five aircraft of which we have taken delivery as of December 31, 2022 and were not in service as of that date. Of the five aircraft, one aircraft was acquired under forward purchase and four were acquired under finance leases. 
 (2) Includes twenty aircraft under finance lease and thirteen aircraft under operating lease as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Includes four aircraft under operating lease as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we are party to forward purchase agreements for aircraft with seven deliveries expected in 2023, 24 in 2024 and the remainder thereafter. Three of the aircraft scheduled for delivery in 2023 are the initial aircraft under our Boeing contract, which are scheduled to be delivered in fourth quarter 2023. Refer to Part I - Item 2. Properties for further detail regarding our aircraft fleet. We continuously consider aircraft acquisitions on an opportunistic basis. 
 
 37 

NETWORK 
 
 We manage capacity and route expansion through optimization of our flight schedule to, among other things, better match demand in certain markets. We continually adjust our network through the addition of new markets and routes, adjusting the frequencies into existing markets, and exiting under-performing markets, as we seek to achieve and maintain profitability on each route we serve. 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, and including recent service announcements, we were selling seats on 573 routes serving 125 cities in 42 states. This includes our recent announcements through February 1, 2023. 
 
 The following table shows the number of leisure destinations and cities served as of the dates indicated (includes cities served seasonally): 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 Leisure destinations 32 33 28 27 Origination cities 93 99 96 97 Total cities 125 132 124 124 Total routes 572 595 497 466 
 38 

TRENDS 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted our operating results in 2021 and into 2022. In particular, we suffered numerous cancellations due to the effect of the Omicron variant on flight crews in late 2021 and early 2022. COVID-19 may continue to impact our operations into the future. Although demand has recovered during 2022, we believe that demand in the foreseeable future could fluctuate in response to fluctuations in COVID-19 cases, variants of the virus, hospitalizations, deaths, treatment efficacy, the availability of vaccines, CDC recommendations, and government restrictions. 
 
 Strong Demand Momentum 
 
 As concerns over COVID-19 have declined, we have seen significant increases in load factors and average total fare per passenger beginning in March 2022 and continuing into 2023. Total revenue per available seat mile ("TRASM") in the fourth quarter of 2022 was 14.03 cents, the highest quarterly TRASM in Company history, up 21.3 percent compared to fourth quarter 2019 despite a scheduled service capacity increase of 11.9 percent. Full year TRASM was 12.50 cents, up 10.8 percent as compared to 2019 despite a scheduled service capacity increase of 15.2 percent. 
 
 Aircraft Fuel 
 
 The cost of fuel is volatile, as it is subject to many economic and geopolitical factors we can neither control nor predict. Significant increases in fuel costs could materially affect our operating results and profitability. We have not sought to use financial derivative products to hedge our exposure to fuel price volatility, nor do we have any plans to do so in the future. 
 
 The cost per gallon of fuel began to increase significantly in 2021 and the increases were exacerbated by the geopolitical impact of the war in Ukraine and increases in refinery costs added to our fuel cost. As a result, the average fuel cost per gallon increased by 73.5 percent in 2022 over 2021 and 71.1 percent over 2019. We expect high fuel costs will continue to impact our total costs and operating results. 
 
 Boeing Agreement 
 
 In December 2021, we signed an agreement with The Boeing Company to purchase 50 newly manufactured 737MAX aircraft scheduled to be delivered in 2023 to 2025 with options to purchase an additional 50 737MAX aircraft. We believe this new aircraft purchase is complimentary with our low cost strategy based on our intent to retain ownership of the aircraft, the longer useful life for depreciation purposes, expected fuel savings and operational reliability from the use of these new aircraft. 
 
 Operations 
 
 Staffing challenges continue to impact our operations and costs and we have pulled back some of our planned growth for 2023 as a result. We believe these issues are not unique to Allegiant nor do we believe they are systemic. Our irregular operations costs are also impacted by our unique approach to compensate passengers for their inconvenience in addition to the ticket price, not generally done in the airline industry. 
 
 We are investing incrementally in our employee hiring and retention and our operations in an attempt to improve performance and this may put pressure on unit costs in the near term. However, if these problems persist, we may suffer reputational damage and incur higher costs for irregular operations. 
 
 Union Negotiations 
 
 The collective bargaining agreement with our pilots is currently amendable and the parties have jointly requested the involvement of the National Mediation Board ("NMB") to assist with the negotiations. The mediation process with the NMB has begun. We are also in the process of negotiating a new contract with the union representing our flight attendants. The terms of any new collective bargaining agreement will increase our costs over the term of the contract. Until new agreements are in place, attrition and difficulty hiring sufficient personnel in the affected work groups could have an adverse effect on our operations and growth. 
 
 Pilot Scarcity 
 
 The supply of pilots necessary for airline industry growth may be a limiting factor. The pandemic resulted in more than 3,000 early pilot retirements across U.S. mainline and cargo carriers and the pipeline for new pilots does not appear at the present time to be sufficiently robust to replace retired pilots and to allow for projected industry growth. The ability to hire and retain pilots will be critical to our and the industry s growth. 
 
 Engagement of Schneider Electric as ESG Consultant 
 
 We have entered into a three-year partnership with Schneider Electric to help us develop an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) program including: 
 
 39 

Identifying and prioritizing relevant ESG topics through a materiality assessment. These topics were addressed in our inaugural ESG report. 
 Establishing ESG goals and environmental goal achievement plans. 
 Developing an inaugural ESG report referencing the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) frameworks, which was issued in December 2022. 
 Providing ongoing carbon emissions reporting of Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, the initial report having been included in our inaugural ESG report. 
 Supporting the communications efforts around our ESG program. 
 
 VivaAerobus Alliance 
 
 In December 2021, we announced plans for a fully-integrated commercial alliance agreement with VivaAerobus, designed to expand options for nonstop leisure air travel between our markets in the United States and Mexico. We and VivaAerobus have submitted a joint application to the DOT requesting approval of and antitrust immunity for the alliance. VivaAerobus has received approval for the alliance from the Mexican Federal Economic Competition Commission. 
 
 We and VivaAerobus currently expect to offer new routes under the alliance beginning in the first half of in 2023, pending U.S. governmental approval of the applications and the return of Mexico to Category 1 under the FAA's IASA program. 
 
 Sunseeker Resort 
 
 Near the end of September 2022, Hurricane Ian cut a destructive path through Florida and Charlotte County, in particular. Sunseeker Resort suffered damage from the Hurricane, to a large extent attributable to subcontractor cranes which fell onto the buildings. 
 
 We maintain robust insurance coverage against damage from hurricanes and business interruption insurance and are pursuing claims to recover losses. 
 
 The Resort was previously selling rooms for as early as May 2023. With delays caused by damage from the Hurricane, the Resort has now pushed back the selling date to October 2023. We have yet to announce an opening date, but we expect to make that announcement in second quarter 2023. 
 
 Our Operating Expenses 
 
 A brief description of the items included in our operating expense line items follows. 
 
 Aircraft fuel expense includes the cost of aircraft fuel, fuel taxes, into plane fees and airport fuel flowage, storage or through-put fees. 
 
 Salaries and benefits expense includes wages, salaries, and employee bonuses, sales commissions for in-flight personnel, as well as expenses associated with employee benefit plans, stock compensation expense related to equity grants, and employer payroll taxes. The CARES Act employee retention tax credit was recorded as an offset to salaries and benefits expense in both 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Station operations expense includes the fees charged by airports for the use or lease of airport facilities and fees charged by third party vendors for ground handling services, commissary expenses, irregular operations, and other related services. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense includes the depreciation of all owned fixed assets and assets recorded in connection with a finance lease, including aircraft and engines. Also included is the amortization of major maintenance expenses on our Airbus A320 series aircraft and engines, which are capitalized under the deferral method of accounting and amortized as a component of depreciation and amortization expense over the estimated period until the next scheduled major maintenance event. 
 
 Maintenance and repairs expense includes all parts, materials and spares required to maintain our aircraft. Also included are fees for repairs performed by third party vendors. 
 
 Sales and marketing expense includes all advertising, promotional expenses, sponsorships, travel agent commissions and debit and credit card processing fees associated with the sale of scheduled service and air-related ancillary charges. 
 
 Aircraft lease rentals expense consists of the cost of leasing aircraft under operating leases with third parties as well as the cost for sub-service which may be contracted out in conjunction with operational disruptions. 
 
 Other expense includes travel and training expenses for crews and ground personnel, facility lease expenses, professional fees, personal property taxes, information technology consulting, non-salary expenses for non-airline initiatives (including, Sunseeker Resort, and the now discontinued Allegiant Nonstop family entertainment centers and Teesnap), the cost of passenger liability insurance, aircraft hull insurance and all other insurance policies excluding employee welfare insurance. Additionally, this 
 40 

expense includes loss on disposals of aircraft and other equipment disposals, and all other administrative and operational overhead expenses not included in other line items above. 
 
 Payroll Support Programs grant recognition includes the portion of government payroll support that represents a direct grant and was recognized as a credit to operating expense on the statements of income for 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Special charges include charges taken in 2021 for accelerated retirements of two airframes and three engines and an impairment loss on a building associated with the Allegiant Nonstop family entertainment line of business. The special charges in 2022 relate to the estimated loss incurred from the impact of Hurricane Ian and subsequent insured losses. The amount of the loss will be offset by amounts to be recovered under our insurance policies, including million of insurance recoveries recognized in fourth quarter 2022. 
 41 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 
 As comparisons of our 2022 results to periods during 2021 reflect disproportionate changes due to the continued impact of the pandemic on air travel during 2021, we have also provided analysis of certain revenue and expense line items to 2019 results where helpful to understand trends in our performance. 
 
 Operating Revenue 
 
 Passenger revenue. Passenger revenue increased 35.4 percent in 2022 compared with 2021 as scheduled service passengers were up 23.1 percent due to stronger passenger demand in general and when compared to lower passenger demand related to COVID-19 in 2021. In addition, stronger passenger demand resulted in a 14.3 percent increase in scheduled service average base fare. 
 
 As compared to 2019, passenger revenue increased by 27.0 percent, as scheduled service passengers increased by 12.2 percent on a 15.2 percent increase in capacity. These factors, coupled with a 3.6 percent increase in average stage length, resulted in a 1.1 percentage point increase in load factor. Average total fare per scheduled service passenger increased by 13.8 percent over 2019 primarily driven by an 18.7 percent increase in ancillary air related revenue per passenger and a 28.6 percent increase in ancillary third party revenue per passenger. 
 The increase in ancillary air related revenue per passenger over the same period in 2019 was primarily driven by increased revenue from the sale of bundled products as bundled products were not offered in 2019. 
 Third party products revenue. Third party products revenue for 2022 increased 16.7 percent over 2021 and 44.2 percent when compared to 2019. The increase from 2021 was primarily the result of greater travel demand for rental cars and hotels and increased Allways Rewards Program revenues. Increased rental car and hotel rates combined with a 6.4 percent increase in rental car days sold and an 8.3 percent increase in room nights sold contributed to the substantial increase over 2021. 
 
 The increase from 2019 is attributable to increased rental car and hotel room rates (which more than offset the impact of fewer rental car days and hotel room nights) and substantial growth in our Allways Rewards Program revenues. 
 
 Fixed fee contract revenue. Fixed fee contract revenue for 2022 increased 48.0 percent compared with 2021 as a result of a 10.8 percent increase in fixed fee departures largely due to lower charter activity during the continuance of the pandemic in 2021. In addition, fuel per gallon pass throughs (which are accounted for as fixed fee contract revenue) increased 73.5 percent as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Fixed fee contract revenue for 2022 as compared to 2019 decreased by 6.3 percent as a result of a 17.6 percent decrease in fixed fee revenue departures as we devoted more or our resources to scheduled service. This was partially offset by an increase in fuel pass throughs treated as revenue. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 The following table presents operating unit costs on a per ASM basis, defined as Operating CASM, for the indicated periods. Excluding fuel on a per ASM basis provides management and investors the ability to measure and monitor our cost performance absent fuel price volatility. Both the cost and availability of fuel are subject to many economic and political factors beyond our control. Excluding Sunseeker operating costs allows management and investors to better compare our airline unit costs with those of other airlines. 
 42 

Year Ended December 31, Percent Change Unitized costs (in cents) 2022 2021 2019 YoY Yo3Y Aircraft fuel 4.42 2.52 2.65 75.4 66.8 Salaries and benefits 3.00 2.77 2.78 8.3 7.9 Station operations 1.39 1.39 1.06 31.1 Maintenance and repairs 0.64 0.61 0.57 4.9 12.3 Depreciation and amortization 1.07 1.04 0.96 2.9 11.5 Sales and marketing 0.55 0.42 0.49 31.0 12.2 Aircraft lease rentals 0.13 0.12 8.3 NM Other 0.61 0.47 0.62 29.8 (1.6) Payroll Support Programs grant recognition (1.16) NM NM Special charges 0.19 0.08 NM NM CASM 12.00 8.26 9.13 45.3 31.4 Operating CASM, excluding fuel 7.58 5.74 6.48 32.1 17.0 Sunseeker Resort CASM 0.25 0.05 0.05 NM NM Airline operating CASM, excluding fuel and Sunseeker Resort activity 7.33 5.69 6.43 28.8 14.0 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 
 Our CASM performance was significantly impacted by lower utilization of our aircraft in 2022 as block hours per aircraft declined by 4.3 percent compared to 2021 and by 16.3 percent compared to 2019. 
 
 Aircraft fuel expense. Aircraft fuel expense increased 374.6 million, or 85.1 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. This was primarily driven by a 73.5 percent increase in average fuel cost per gallon and increased refinery costs added to our cost of fuel (crack spread). 
 
 When compared to the same period in 2019, aircraft fuel expense increased by 90.5 percent as average fuel cost per gallon increased 71.1 percent, crack spreads increased and fuel gallons consumed increased 11.3 percent on a 13.9 percent increase in capacity. 
 
 Salaries and benefits expense. Salaries and benefits expense increased 67.8 million, or 14.0 percent, in 2022 compared to 2021. On a per ASM basis, salaries and benefits expense increased by 8.3 percent. The increase is largely due to a 19.2 percent year-over-year increase in the number of full-time equivalent employees, offset by the employee retention tax credit recognized in 2022. 
 
 Salaries and benefits expense increased by 102.0 million or 22.6 percent as compared to 2019. The increase is driven by a 21.8 percent increase in the number of full time equivalent employees, offset by the employee retention tax credit recognized in 2022. On a per ASM basis, salaries and benefits expense increased 7.9 percent. The cost increases primarily relate to increases in crew pay and increased salaries and benefits costs associated with irregular operations. 
 
 Station operations expense. Station operations expense during 2022 increased 11.8 million or 4.9 percent over 2021 due to a 0.9 percent increase in departures, increased costs associated with irregular operations, and increased airport and landing fees. 
 
 As compared to 2019, station operations expense increased by 83.7 million or 48.9 percent due to a 6.8 percent increase in departures, increased costs associated with irregular operations and airport fees. 
 
 Irregular operations costs in 2022 were significantly attributable to employee absences due to the Omicron COVID variant in January and February. These absences resulted in numerous flight cancellations. In addition, there were higher than usual cancellations during the year as a result of staffing challenges and other factors. The amount of irregular operations costs is significantly impacted by our decision to compensate impacted passengers for their inconvenience in addition to the ticket price. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense. Depreciation and amortization expense during 2022 increased 16.5 million or 9.1 percent including a 1.7 million increase in amortization of deferred heavy maintenance as compared to 2021 as there was an increase of 8.2 percent in the average number of aircraft owned and in service. 
 
 When compared to 2019, depreciation and amortization expense increased 26.7 percent including a 66.1 percent increase in amortization of deferred heavy maintenance as the average number of aircraft owned and in service during the period increased 19.7 percent. 
 
 Maintenance and repairs expense. Maintenance and repairs expense during 2022 increased by 11.9 million or 11.2 percent compared to 2021. This was primarily due to a 10.9 percent increase in the average number of aircraft in service. 
 
 43 

As compared to 2019, maintenance and repairs expense increased by 26.1 million or 28.5 percent as the number of aircraft in service increased by 33.4 percent, offset by the effect of a 16.3 percent decrease in utilization compared to 2019. 
 
 Sales and marketing expense. Sales and marketing expense during 2022 increased 38.4 percent compared to 2021, due to an increase in net credit card fees in 2022 as a result of a 35.4 percent increase in passenger revenue year-over-year. 
 
 As compared to 2019, sales and marketing expense increased by 27.6 percent due to an increase in net credit card fees in 2022 as a result of a 27.0 percent increase in passenger revenue compared to 2019. 
 
 Other operating expense. Other expense increased by 29.6 million or 35.3 percent year-over-year, due to increased service, incremental increases in our employee training activity and offset by decreased activity in our non-airline subsidiaries due to the sale of Teesnap in the second quarter of 2021. 
 
 Payroll Support Programs grant recognition. During 2021, we received 203.9 million in funds through the payroll support programs and recognized 202.2 million as an offset to operating expense on our income statement for year ended December 31, 2021. The funds were fully utilized in 2021. There were no such funds received in 2022. 
 
 Special charges. Special charges of 34.6 million were recorded within operating expenses during 2022 compared to 14.0 million in 2021. The special charges in 2022 include estimated loss from property damage to Sunseeker Resort related to Hurricane Ian and two subsequent insurance events that occurred during the fourth quarter, offset by insurance recoveries recorded to date. The amount of the losses will continue to be offset in future periods by amounts to be recovered under the company's insurance policies. 
 
 The special charges in 2021 relate to expenses that were unique and specific to COVID-19 including accelerated retirements of two airframes and three engines, acceleration of certain existing stock awards and an impairment loss on a building associated with the Allegiant Nonstop family entertainment line of business. 
 
 Income tax expense. We recorded a 2.5 million tax expense compared to a 44.8 million tax expense during 2022 and 2021 respectively. The effective tax rate for 2022 differed from the statutory federal income tax rate of 21.0 percent primarily due to state income taxes. The effective tax rate for 2021 differed from the statutory federal income tax rate of 21.0 percent primarily due to state income taxes and the impact of ASU 2016-09 related to share-based payments. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 The comparison of our 2021 results to 2020 results is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, under Part II Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 44 

For the Year Ended December 31, Percent Change (5) 
 Operating statistics (unaudited): 2022 2021 2020 2019 YoY Yo2Y Yo3Y Total system statistics: Passengers 16,796,544 13,637,405 8,623,984 15,012,149 23.2 94.8 11.9 Available seat miles (ASMs) (thousands) 18,419,045 17,490,571 13,125,533 16,174,240 5.3 40.3 13.9 Operating expense per ASM (CASM) (cents) (1) 
 12.00 8.26 9.68 9.13 45.3 24.0 31.4 Fuel expense per ASM (cents) 4.42 2.52 1.69 2.65 75.4 161.5 66.8 Operating CASM, excluding fuel (cents) (1) 
 7.58 5.74 7.99 6.48 32.1 (5.1) 17.0 Sunseeker Resort CASM (cents) (2) 
 0.25 0.05 1.12 0.05 400.0 (77.7) 400.0 Airline operating CASM, excluding fuel and Sunseeker Resort activity (cents) 7.33 5.69 6.87 6.43 28.8 6.7 14.0 Departures 118,069 117,047 87,955 110,542 0.9 34.2 6.8 Block hours 278,792 264,628 196,849 248,513 5.4 41.6 12.2 Average stage length (miles) 884 856 862 855 3.3 2.6 3.4 Average number of operating aircraft during period 114.2 103.0 97.4 85.6 10.9 17.2 33.4 Average block hours per aircraft per day 6.7 7.0 5.9 8.0 (4.3) 13.6 (16.3) Full-time equivalent employees at end of period 5,315 4,458 3,863 4,363 19.2 37.6 21.8 Fuel gallons consumed (thousands) 218,606 204,689 149,479 196,442 6.8 46.2 11.3 ASMs per gallon of fuel 84.3 85.4 87.8 82.3 (1.3) (4.0) 2.4 Average fuel cost per gallon 3.73 2.15 1.48 2.18 73.5 152.0 71.1 Scheduled service statistics: Passengers 16,630,138 13,509,544 8,553,623 14,823,267 23.1 94.4 12.2 Revenue passenger miles (RPMs) (thousands) 15,224,346 11,963,715 7,626,470 13,038,003 27.3 99.6 16.8 Available seat miles (ASMs) (thousands) 17,909,190 17,027,902 12,814,080 15,545,818 5.2 39.8 15.2 Load factor 85.0 70.3 59.5 83.9 14.7 25.5 1.1 Departures 114,066 113,121 85,276 105,690 0.8 33.8 7.9 Block hours 270,516 256,991 191,732 238,361 5.3 41.1 13.5 Average seats per departure 175.7 174.2 172.8 171.1 0.9 1.7 2.7 Yield (cents) (3) 
 7.31 6.61 5.88 7.00 10.6 24.3 4.4 Total passenger revenue per ASM (TRASM) (cents) (2) 
 12.50 9.78 7.40 11.28 27.8 68.9 10.8 Average fare - scheduled service (4) 
 66.88 58.50 52.45 61.58 14.3 27.5 8.6 Average fare - air-related charges (4) 
 61.67 58.33 53.02 51.96 5.7 16.3 18.7 Average fare - third party products 6.07 6.40 5.43 4.72 (5.2) 11.8 28.6 Average fare - total 134.62 123.24 110.91 118.26 9.2 21.4 13.8 Average stage length (miles) 890 862 867 859 3.2 2.7 3.6 Fuel gallons consumed (thousands) 212,466 198,891 145,528 188,596 6.8 46.0 12.7 Average fuel cost per gallon 3.72 2.13 1.48 2.18 74.6 151.4 70.6 Rental car days sold 1,447,708 1,361,123 1,132,173 1,921,930 6.4 27.9 (24.7) Hotel room nights sold 282,854 261,158 199,059 415,593 8.3 42.1 (31.9) Percent of sales through website during period 96.0 94.7 93.1 93.3 1.3 2.9 2.7 
 (1) Includes effect of special items in 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
 (2) Various components of this measure do not have a direct correlation to ASMs. These figures are provided on a per ASM basis so as to facilitate comparisons with airlines reporting costs and revenues on a per ASM basis. 
 (3) Defined as scheduled service revenue divided by revenue passenger miles. 
 (4) Reflects division of passenger revenue between scheduled service and air-related charges in our booking path. 
 (5) Except load factor and percent of sales through website, which is percentage point change. 
 
 45 

The following terms used in this section and elsewhere in this annual report have the meanings indicated below: 
 
 Available seat miles or ASMs represents the number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of miles the seats are flown. 
 
 Average fuel cost per gallon represents total aircraft fuel expense for our total system divided by the total number of fuel gallons consumed in our total system. 
 
 Average stage length represents the average number of miles flown per flight. 
 
 Block hours represents the number of hours during which the aircraft is in revenue service, measured from the time of gate departure until the time of gate arrival at the destination. 
 
 Load factor represents the percentage of aircraft seating capacity utilized (revenue passenger miles divided by available seat miles). 
 
 Operating expense per ASM or CASM represents operating expenses divided by total system available seat miles. 
 
 Operating CASM, excluding fuel represents operating expenses, less aircraft fuel expense, divided by total system available seat miles. This statistic provides management and investors the ability to measure and monitor our cost performance absent fuel price volatility. Both the cost and availability of fuel are subject to many economic and political factors and therefore are beyond our control. 
 
 Passengers represents the total number of passengers flown on all flight segments. 
 
 Revenue passenger miles or RPMs represents the number of miles flown by revenue passengers. 
 
 Total passenger revenue per ASM or TRASM represents total passenger revenue divided by scheduled service available seat miles. 
 46 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Current liquidity 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and investment securities (short-term and long-term) decreased to 1.02 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.19 billion at December 31, 2021. Investment securities represent highly liquid marketable securities which are available-for-sale. 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, we have 275.0 million of undrawn capacity under revolving credit facilities plus another 169.7 million of undrawn capacity under our PDP financing facility. 
 
 Restricted cash represents escrowed funds under fixed fee contracts, escrowed project funds and cash collateral against letters of credit required by hotel properties for guaranteed room availability, airports and certain other parties. Under our fixed fee flying contracts, we require our customers to prepay for flights to be provided by us. The prepayments are escrowed until the flight is completed and are recorded as restricted cash with a corresponding amount reflected as air traffic liability. 
 
 We suspended share repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend in first quarter 2020, as part of cash conservation efforts in response to the effects of COVID-19 on our business. In connection with our receipt of financial support under the payroll support programs, we agreed not to repurchase shares or pay cash dividends through September 30, 2022. We resumed our share repurchases in fourth quarter 2022 as we purchased 378,952 shares at an average price of 78.92 per share for total repurchases of 29.9 million. In January 2023, our board increased our stock repurchase authority back to 100.0 million. 
 
 We believe we have more than adequate liquidity resources through our cash, cash equivalent and short term investment balances, our undrawn capacity under existing credit facilities, operating cash flows and anticipated access to liquidity, to meet our current contractual obligations and remain in compliance with the debt covenants in our existing financing agreements for the next 12 months. We will continue to consider raising funds through debt financing to finance aircraft purchases and also on an opportunistic basis. 
 
 Debt 
 
 Our debt and finance lease obligations balance, without reduction for related issuance costs, increased from 1.77 billion as of December 31, 2021 to 2.12 billion as of December 31, 2022. During 2022, we borrowed 1.06 billion including debt of 550.0 million to refinance our term loan due 2024, 175 million under our construction loan, and 192 million in aircraft finance leases. During this period we made principal payments of 701.6 million, including a 531.7 million prepayment of our term loan due 2024 and 24.7 million prepayment of our payroll support program loans. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 Operating Activities. Operating cash inflows are primarily derived from providing air transportation and related ancillary products and services to customers. During 2022, our operating activities provided 303.1 million of cash compared to 538.2 million during 2021. This change was mostly attributable to a 149.4 million decrease in net income and a 181.5 million decrease in tax receivable and deferred tax activity offset by a 72.1 million increase in our air traffic liability in 2022 compared to a small decrease in the prior year. 
 Investing Activities. Cash used for investing activities was 491.4 million during 2022 compared to 593.3 million in 2021. During 2022, there was a 275.7 million increase in purchases of property and equipment, including 84.6 million related to aircraft pre-delivery deposits. This increase was more than offset by a 327.6 million increase in proceeds from maturities, net of purchases, of investment securities during 2022. Proceeds from maturities exceeded purchases of investment securities in 2022, but not in 2021. 
 
 Financing Activities. Cash provided by financing activities for 2022 was 33.1 million, compared to 285.5 million in 2021. The change resulted from 335.1 million of proceeds from the issuance on common stock in 2021 offset by an increase in proceeds from debt issuance in excess of principal payments and debt issuance costs of 175.5 million compared to 2021 as debt proceeds exceeded principal payments and debt issuance costs in 2022 but not in 2021. The repurchase of 29.9 million of stock in 2022 also contributed to a lower amount of cash provided by financing activities in 2022. The 84.7 million in other financing activities is mostly attributable to 62.8 million of net deposit activity in the construction deposit account for Sunseeker Resort and as such, is a partial offset to 175.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of debt obligations for Sunseeker Resort during 2022. 
 47 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 The following table discloses aggregate information about our contractual cash obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and the periods in which payments are due: 
 
 Contractual obligations (in thousands) Less than 1 year 2-3 years 4-5 years More than 5 years Total Long-term debt obligations (1) 
 223,387 610,317 932,719 266,565 2,032,988 Finance lease obligations 66,751 102,816 102,216 402,094 673,877 Operating lease obligations 25,549 48,399 24,139 38,362 136,449 Aircraft acquisition obligations (2) 
 536,617 1,395,685 1,932,302 Total future payments under contractual obligations 852,304 2,157,217 1,059,074 707,021 4,775,616 
 
 (1) Long-term debt obligations (including variable interest entities) include scheduled interest payments, using applicable reference rates as of December 31, 2022, and excludes debt issuance costs. 
 (2) Includes aircraft and engine acquisition obligations under existing purchase agreements, which are not reflected on our balance sheet. 
 48 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements based on events and transactions occurring during the periods reported. Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements provides a detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies. 
 
 Critical accounting policies are defined as those policies that reflect significant judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe our critical accounting policies are limited to those described below. 
 
 Affinity Credit Card Program 
 
 The Allegiant co-branded credit card is issued by Bank of America through which arrangement points are sold and consideration is received under an agreement which expires in 2029. Under this arrangement, we identified the following deliverables: travel points to be awarded (the travel component), use of our brand and access to our member lists, and certain other advertising and marketing elements (collectively the marketing component). Each of these deliverables is accounted for separately and allocation of the consideration from the agreement is determined based on the relative selling price of each deliverable. We applied a level of management judgment and estimation in determining the best estimate of selling price for each deliverable by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, the redemption value of points awarded, discounted cash flows, brand value, volume discounts, published selling prices, number of points to be awarded and number of points expected to be redeemed. 
 Revenue from the travel component is deferred based on its relative selling price and is recognized into scheduled service revenue when the points are redeemed by cardholders and transportation is provided. Revenue from the marketing component is considered earned in the period in which points are sold and is therefore recognized into third party products revenue in the same period. 
 Accounting for Long-Lived Assets 
 We record impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations, consisting principally of property and equipment, when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management s judgment, that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. In making these determinations, we utilize certain assumptions, including, but not limited to: (i) estimated fair value of the assets; and (ii) estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by those assets which are based on additional assumptions such as (but not limited to) asset utilization, average fare, block hours, fuel costs, length of service the asset will be used in operations, and estimated salvage values. 
 
 In estimating the useful lives and residual values of our aircraft, we have primarily relied upon actual experience with the same or similar aircraft types, current and projected future market information, and input from other industry sources. Subsequent revisions to these estimates could be caused by changing market prices of our aircraft, changes in utilization of the aircraft, and other fleet events. To the extent a change in estimate for useful lives or salvage values of our property and equipment occurs, there could be an acceleration of depreciation expense associated with the change in estimate. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 
 
 Aircraft Maintenance and Repair Costs and Major Maintenance Deferral 
 
 We account for major maintenance costs of Airbus airframes and the related CFM engines using the deferral method. Under this method, the cost of major maintenance events is capitalized and amortized as a component of depreciation and amortization expense over the estimated period until the next scheduled major maintenance event. The timing of the next major maintenance event is estimated based on assumptions including estimated cycles, hours and months, required maintenance intervals, and the age/condition of related parts. These assumptions may change based on forecasted aircraft utilization changes, updates to government regulations and manufacturer maintenance intervals, as well as unplanned incidents causing damage requiring a major maintenance event prior to a scheduled visit. If the estimated timing of the next maintenance event changes, the related amortization period would also change. 
 
 Passenger Revenue 
 
 Sales of passenger tickets not yet flown are recorded in air traffic liability. Passenger revenue is recognized when transportation is provided. The air traffic liability primarily includes sales of passenger tickets with scheduled departure dates in the future as well as credit vouchers which can be applied as payment toward the cost of a ticket. Credit vouchers are typically issued as a result of canceled travel prior to the contractual expiration date. 
 
 49 

During 2020, we suspended change and cancellation fees. In 2020, we announced that credit vouchers issued as a result of canceled travel beginning in January 2020 would have an extended expiration date of two years from the original booking date. This policy continued for credit vouchers issued through June 30, 2021. Effective July 1, 2021, credit vouchers issued have an expiration date of one year from the original booking date. Credit vouchers represented approximately 18.7 percent of the air traffic liability as of December 31, 2022. This compares to approximately 22 percent and 72 percent as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 respectively, and approximately eight percent as of December 31, 2019, prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 We estimate the amount of credit vouchers not expected to be redeemed prior to their contractual expiration date ("credit voucher breakage") and recognize the associated passenger revenue at the time of issuance. Our credit voucher breakage estimates are primarily based on historical usage data, contract duration and resulting customer behavior. Given the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on customer behavior and changes made in ticket validity terms, as well as the suspension of change and cancellation fees, our estimates of passenger revenue that will be recognized from the air traffic liability for credit voucher breakage may be adjusted in future periods as we periodically review our estimates based on actual experience to date. 
 
 For additional information on our significant accounting policies related to passenger ticket sales, see Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 See related disclosure in Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to certain market risks, including changes in interest rates and commodity prices (specifically, aircraft fuel). The adverse effects of changes in markets could pose potential loss, as discussed below. The sensitivity analysis does not consider the effects that such adverse changes may have on overall economic activity, nor does it consider additional actions we may take to mitigate our exposure to such changes. Actual results may differ. 
 
 Aircraft Fuel 
 
 Our results of operations can be significantly impacted by changes in the price and availability of aircraft fuel. Aircraft fuel expense during 2022 represented 36.9 percent of our total operating expenses. Increases in fuel prices, or a shortage of supply, could have a material impact on our operations and operating results. Based on our fuel consumption during 2022, a hypothetical ten percent increase in the average price per gallon of fuel would have increased fuel expense by approximately 81.5 million. We have not hedged fuel price risk for many years. 
 
 Interest Rates 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 380.6 million of variable-rate debt, including current maturities and without reduction for 4.6 million in related costs. As we had higher balances of variable rate debt prior to the repayment of our Term Loan B in August 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would have affected interest expense on variable rate debt by approximately 8.2 million during 2022. 
 52 

Item 8. Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Allegiant Travel Company: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Allegiant Travel Company and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Estimated Loss associated with Sunseeker Resort 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Sunseeker Resort at Charlotte Harbor (Sunseeker Resort) was damaged during 2022 as a result of Hurricane Ian, another weather-related event and a fire. Based on the Company s assessment of these damages and the anticipated future restoration costs, which approximate the carrying amount of the portion of the assets that were damaged, an estimated 52.1 million loss was recorded as a reduction to the carrying amount of the Sunseeker Resort during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the estimated loss associated with the Sunseeker Resort as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the estimated loss and the assumption that the future restoration costs approximate the carrying amount of the damaged assets. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s property loss estimation process, including a control related to determining the assumption that the future restoration costs approximate the carrying amount of the damaged assets. We evaluated the reasonableness of the estimated loss by obtaining a confirmation of the anticipated restoration costs estimated by the Company s insurance claim adjustor directly from that 
 53 

adjustor. We compared the confirmation of the future restoration costs from the insurance claim adjustor to the estimated loss recorded by the Company. We evaluated certain publicly available costing indices to assess the Company s assumption that the future restoration costs approximate the carrying amount of the damaged assets. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 54 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable Expendable parts, supplies and fuel, net of reserve of and 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS Property and equipment (including and from VIEs, Note 6), net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Long-term investments Deferred major maintenance, net of accumulated amortization of and 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Deposits and other assets TOTAL ASSETS: CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Air traffic liability Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations (including and from VIEs, Note 6), net of related costs of and 
 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES LONG-TERM DEBT AND OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES Long-term debt and finance lease obligations (including and from VIEs, Note 6), net of current maturities and related costs of and 
 Deferred income taxes Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 13) SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock, par value , shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding in 2022 and 2021 respectively 
 Treasury shares, at cost, and shares in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive gain, net Retained earnings TOTAL EQUITY: TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING REVENUES: Passenger Third party products Fixed fee contracts Other Total operating revenues OPERATING EXPENSES: Aircraft fuel Salaries and benefits Station operations Depreciation and amortization Maintenance and repairs Sales and marketing Aircraft lease rental Other Payroll Support Programs grant recognition ) ) Special charges Total operating expenses OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) ) OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSES: Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense Capitalized interest ) ) Special charges Other, net ) Total other expenses INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) INCOME TAX PROVISION (BENEFIT) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) Earnings (loss) per share to common shareholders: Basic ) Diluted ) Shares used for computation: Basic Diluted Cash dividends declared per share: 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET INCOME (LOSS) ) Other comprehensive income: Change in available for sale securities, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Accumulated Common Additional other Total stock Par paid-in comprehensive Retained Treasury shareholders' outstanding value capital income (loss) earnings shares equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Share-based compensation Shares repurchased by the Company and held as treasury shares ) ) ) Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Cash dividends declared, 0.70 per share (1) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Payroll Support Programs warrant issuance Net Loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock, net of forfeitures Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Other comprehensive income Payroll Support Programs warrant issuance Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Share-based compensation Shares repurchased by the Company and held as treasury shares ) ) ) Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (Gain) loss on aircraft and other equipment disposals ) ) Special charges Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes Other adjustments Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Tax receivable ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Air traffic liability ) Deferred major maintenance ) ) ) Other assets/liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of investment securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investment securities Aircraft pre-delivery deposits ) ) Purchase of property and equipment, including capitalized interest ) ) ) Proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions Purchase of note receivable ) Other investing activities Net cash (used in) investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Cash dividends paid to shareholders (1) 
 ) Proceeds from the issuance of debt and finance lease obligations Repurchase of common stock ) ) Principal payments on debt and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities NET CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF PERIOD CASH PAYMENTS/(RECEIPTS) FOR: Interest paid, net of amount capitalized Income tax paid (refunds) ) ) SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NONCASH TRANSACTIONS Right-of-use (ROU) assets acquired Purchases of property and equipment in accrued liabilities Flight equipment acquired under finance leases 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Note 1 
 reportable segment and does not separately track expenses for scheduled service and fixed fee air transportation services. The Company's Sunseeker Resort represents a separate reportable segment. Refer to Note 14 for additional information. 
 60 

Note 2 
 
 million loss was recorded, offset by million of recorded insurance recoveries during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a Sunseeker special charge of million. This charge also reduced the carrying amount of the Resort. The estimate is preliminary and subject to change as the damage assessment by the Company and the insurance providers continues. 
 
 The amount of losses recorded to date will continue to be offset in future periods by amounts to be recovered under the Company s insurance policies. In 2023, the Company expects to receive insurance proceeds approximating the losses recorded to date. 
 61 

Note 3 
 
 percent or less owned, are accounted for under the equity or cost method. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 62 

million and million respectively, was due more than one year after the balance sheet date. 

- Buildings and leasehold improvements - Equipment - Computer hardware and software - 
 
 In estimating the useful lives and residual values of aircraft, the Company primarily relies upon actual experience with the same or similar aircraft types, current and projected future market information, and input from other industry sources. Subsequent revisions to these estimates could be caused by changing market prices of the Company s aircraft, changes in utilization of the aircraft, and other fleet events. Changes in the estimate for useful lives or residual values of the Company s property and equipment could result in changes in depreciation expense. 
 
 Interest is capitalized by applying a capitalization rate to the weighted-average carrying amount of expenditures for qualifying assets over the period and depreciated over the estimated useful life of the related asset(s) acquired/developed. 
 
 . The Company had unamortized computer software development costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense related to computer software was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Costs incurred during the preliminary and post-implementation stages are expensed as incurred. 
 
 63 

During 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized million and million of major maintenance costs for engines. Amortization expense related to major maintenance costs for engines was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. During 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized million and million of major maintenance costs for airframes. Amortization expense related to major maintenance costs for airframes was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 
 million impairment as a result of COVID-19. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a million impairment loss on a building in Chesterfield, Missouri associated with the Allegiant Nonstop family entertainment line of business. 
 
 recognize any impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 64 

point for every dollar spent at Allegiant.com, and points per 1 for spending over 500 (excluding taxes and fees). The Company utilizes the deferred revenue method of accounting for points earned through the program based on the stand alone selling price and revenue is recognized when points are redeemed and the underlying service has been provided. The stand alone selling price of points is adjusted for an estimate of points that will not be redeemed using a statistical model based on historical redemption patterns to develop an estimate of the likelihood of future redemption. 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 65 

) Less income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stock ) Earnings (loss) per share, basic ) Weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted: Net income (loss) ) Less income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stock ) Earnings (loss) per share, diluted ) Weighted-average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock Adjusted weighted-average shares outstanding under treasury stock method Participating securities excluded under two-class method ) ) Adjusted weighted-average shares outstanding under two-class method 
 
 Stock awards outstanding of , , and shares (not in thousands) as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as they were antidilutive. 

66 

67 

Note 4 
 
 Ancillary air-related charges Loyalty redemptions Total passenger revenue 
 
 Sales of passenger tickets not yet flown are recorded in air traffic liability. Passenger revenue is recognized when transportation is provided. As of December 31, 2022, the air traffic liability balance was million, of which approximately million was related to forward bookings, with the remaining million related to credit vouchers for future travel. 
 
 The normal contract term of passenger tickets is and passenger revenue associated with future travel will principally be recognized within this time frame. Of the million that was recorded in the air traffic liability balance at December 31, 2021, percent was recognized into passenger revenue during the 12 months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In 2020, the Company announced that credit vouchers issued for canceled travel beginning in January 2020 would have an extended expiration date of two years from the original booking date. This policy continued for credit vouchers issued through June 30, 2021. Estimates of passenger revenue to be recognized from air traffic liability for credit voucher breakage may be subject to variability and differ from historical experience due to the change in contract duration and uncertainty regarding demand for future air travel. Effective July 1, 2021, vouchers issued have an expiration date of one year from the original booking date. 
 
 The Company periodically evaluates the estimated amount of credit vouchers expected to expire unused and any adjustment is removed from air traffic liability and included in passenger revenue in the period in which the evaluation is complete. 
 
 Loyalty redemptions 
 
 Points awarded Points redeemed ) ) Balance at December 31 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of the current points liability is reflected in accrued liabilities and represents the current estimate of revenue to be recognized in the next based on historical trends, with the remaining balance reflected in other noncurrent liabilities and expected to be recognized into revenue in periods thereafter. 
 68 

Note 5 
 Computer hardware and software Land and buildings/leasehold improvements Other property and equipment Sunseeker Resort Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had firm commitments to purchase aircraft which are expected to be delivered between 2023 and 2025. 
 
 Accrued capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 69 

Note 6 

Variable-rate debt due through 2029 Total long-term debt and finance lease obligations, net of related costs Less current maturities, net of related costs Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, net of current maturities and related costs Weighted average fixed-interest rate on debt Weighted average variable-interest rate on debt 

Consolidated variable interest entities 2024 2029 Revolving credit facilities 2023 2027 Debt secured by aircraft, engines, other equipment and real estate 2023 2029 Finance leases 2023 2032 Construction loan agreement 2028 Unsecured debt n/a n/a Total debt Related costs ) ) Total debt net of related costs 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total debt and finance lease obligations, net of related costs 

million in aggregate principal amount of its Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2022. The 2027 Notes are secured by first priority security interests in, subject to permitted liens, substantially all of the property and assets of the Company and its subsidiaries (other than Sunseeker Resort and its subsidiaries), except that the collateral package excludes aircraft, aircraft engines, real property and certain other assets. The collateral also secures the Company s existing million Senior Secured Notes due 2024 and the Company s revolving credit facility through Barclays Bank, PLC (described below), on a pari passu basis. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of percent per annum, payable in cash on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning February 15, 2023. The 2027 Notes will mature on August 15, 2027. 
 
 70 

million. If the Company fails to satisfy the minimum liquidity requirement, then the Company will be required to pay additional interest on all outstanding 2027 Notes in an amount equal to per annum of the principal amount of such 2027 Notes until the Company demonstrates compliance with the liquidity requirement. 
 
 The Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Notes to repay the Company s Term Loan B, which had an outstanding principal amount of million, and to pay costs and expenses of the transaction. 
 
 Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 
 The Company evaluates ownership, contractual lease arrangements and other interests in entities to determine if they are variable interest entities ("VIEs") based on the nature and extent of those interests. The Company consolidates a VIE when, among other criteria, it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE, thus making the Company the primary beneficiary of the VIE. 
 
 In October 2019, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into agreements with a trust to borrow million secured by Airbus A320 series aircraft. The trust was funded on inception. The borrowing bears interest at a blended rate of percent and is payable in monthly installments through October 2024, at which time the Company will have a purchase option at a fixed amount. As this transaction is a common control transaction, the Company, as the primary beneficiary, has measured and recorded the assets and liabilities at their carrying values, which were million and million, respectively, at the time of borrowing. 
 
 In March 2019, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into agreements with a trust to borrow million secured by Airbus A320 series aircraft. The trust was funded on inception. The borrowing bears interest at a blended rate of percent and is payable in quarterly installments through April 2029, at which time the Company will have a purchase option at a fixed amount. As this transaction is a common control transaction, the Company, as the primary beneficiary, has measured and recorded the assets and liabilities at their carrying values, which were million and million, respectively, at the time of borrowing. 
 
 In September 2018, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into agreements with a trust to borrow million secured by Airbus A320 series aircraft. The trust was funded on inception. The borrowing bears interest at a blended rate of percent and is payable in quarterly installments through September 2028, at which time the Company will have a purchase option at a fixed amount. As this transaction is a common control transaction, the Company, as the primary beneficiary, has measured and recorded the assets and liabilities at their carrying values, which were million and million, respectively, at the time of borrowing. 
 
 Payroll Support Program Loans 
 
 During 2020 and 2021, Congress enacted various legislation which provided support for the airline industry. This included The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act") enacted in March 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 enacted in December 2020, and the American Rescue Plan Act enacted in March 2021 (collectively the Payroll Support Programs ). In 2020 and 2021, the Company entered into low-interest rate, senior unsecured term promissory notes (the "PSP Notes") with the Treasury under the Payroll Support Programs. The PSP Notes were to mature in full after ten years, and bore interest at a rate of percent per annum for the first five years and, thereafter, at the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus percent. The PSP Notes were prepayable at any time at par, without penalty. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had fully repaid the PSP Notes. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facilities 
 
 In August, 2022, the Company entered into a credit agreement with MUFG Bank, Ltd under which the Company is entitled to borrow up to million. The revolving credit facility has a term of months and the borrowing ability is based on the value of aircraft and engines placed into the collateral pool. The notes under the facility bear interest at a floating rate based on SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, the facility remains undrawn. 
 
 In August, 2022, the Company entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders and Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and lead arranger that provides a senior secured revolving loan facility of million. The facility is secured by the same collateral that secures the 2027 Notes, has a term of months and notes under the facility bear interest at a floating rate based on SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, the facility remains undrawn. 
 
 71 

million. The revolving credit facility has a term of months and the borrowing ability is based on the amount of pre-delivery deposits paid with respect to up to 20 737-MAX aircraft, the purchase rights for which the Company may choose to place in the collateral pool. The facility is secured by the purchase rights for the applicable aircraft. The commitment amount at the time of signing is million and the facility may be increased to million subject to agreement between the Company and the Lenders. Any notes under the facility will bear interest at a floating rate based on SOFR and all borrowings will be due no later than December 31, 2024 or upon delivery of the applicable aircraft. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has drawn million under this facility. 
 
 In March 2021, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility under which it is entitled to borrow up to million. The facility has a term of months and the borrowing ability is based on the value of the Airbus A320 series aircraft placed into the collateral pool. The notes for amounts borrowed under the facility bear interest at a floating rate based on LIBOR and are due in March 2023. As of December 31, 2022, aircraft collateral had been added to the collateral pool and the facility was undrawn. 
 
 Other Secured Debt 
 
 The Company is party to financing agreements under which aircraft, other equipment or other assets serve as collateral. Below are described those debt transactions entered into during 2022. 
 
 In April 2022, the Company borrowed million under a loan agreement secured by Airbus A320 series aircraft. The notes bear interest at a fixed rate, payable in quarterly installments maturing in April 2027. 
 
 In April 2022, the Company borrowed million under a loan agreement secured by Airbus A320 series aircraft. The notes bear interest at a variable rate, payable in quarterly installments maturing in April 2028. 
 
 Construction Loan Agreement 
 
 In October 2021, Sunseeker Florida, Inc. SFI ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Credit Agreement pursuant to which SFI has borrowed million funded by one or more entities directly or indirectly managed by Castlelake, L.P.( Lender to fund the remaining construction of the initial phases of Sunseeker Resort. The Loan is secured by the Resort. All of the shares in SFI are also pledged to secure the Loan. The Loan bears interest at percent per annum payable semi-annually, provides for semi-annual principal payments of million beginning in 2025 and matures in October 2028. The Credit Agreement includes covenants similar to the covenants in the Company s 2027 Notes. To support the credit, the Company has guaranteed the full amount of the debt, has agreed to guarantee completion of the remaining construction in accordance with approved plans and specifications and made a million deposit into a construction disbursement account. The lender funded million of the loan in October 2021 and in 2022, the Lender funded the remaining million into the construction disbursement account for the Resort. As of December 31, 2022, million of borrowed funds remains in the construction disbursement account which is recorded in other current assets. 
 
 Finance Leases 
 
 The Company has finance lease obligations related to aircraft, which impacted the Company's recognized assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022. See Note 7 for more information on finance lease obligations. 
 72 

Note 7 
 
 aircraft under finance leases and aircraft under operating leases as of December 31, 2022 with remaining terms through 2032. 
 
 Lease Costs 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Operating lease cost Aircraft lease rentals; Station operations; Maintenance and repairs; Other operating expense Variable lease cost Station operations; Maintenance and repairs; Other operating expense Total lease cost 
 
 Lease position as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Finance lease assets Property and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Current operating lease liabilities Finance Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Noncurrent Operating Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Finance Long-term debt and finance lease obligations Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 73 

Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases 
 
 Maturities of Lease Liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease obligations Less current obligations ) ) Long-term lease obligations 
 74 

Note 8 
 
 Average price per share Total (in thousands) 
 (1) Share amounts shown above include only open market repurchases and do not include shares withheld from employees for tax withholding obligations related to restricted stock vestings, which were and shares (not in thousands) for 2022 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Total cash dividends paid (in thousands) 
 The Company suspended payment of cash dividends upon the onset of the pandemic and as part of accepting benefits from the Treasury under the Payroll Support Programs, the Company agreed not to pay cash dividends through September 30, 2022. 
 
 The Company has yet to recommence payment of cash dividends. 
 75 

Note 9 
 
 Commercial paper Municipal debt securities Total cash equivalents Short-term Commercial paper Corporate debt securities Federal agency debt securities Municipal debt securities Total short-term Long-term Corporate debt securities Federal agency debt securities Municipal debt securities Total long-term Total financial instruments 
 
 There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Long-term Debt 
 
 None of the Company's long-term debt is publicly traded. The Company has determined the estimated fair value of all of this debt to be Level 3, as certain inputs used to determine the fair value of these agreements are unobservable and, therefore, could be sensitive to changes in inputs.The Company utilizes the discounted cash flow method to estimate the fair value of Level 3 debt. 
 76 

3 
 
 Other 
 
 Due to the short term nature, carrying amounts of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value. 
 77 

Note 10 

) Foreign Total ) 

) ) State ) Foreign ) Total current ) Deferred: Federal State ) Total deferred Total income tax provision (benefit) ) 
 
 Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate 
 
 ) State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ) CARES Act ) Foreign income tax expense ) Other ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 78 

Net operating loss Tax credits Other (1) 
 Less: valuation allowance Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses Depreciation Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities 
 (1) Other deferred tax assets consists of interest expense and R D expenses. 
 
 Net Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforwards 
 
 million and million of tax-effected Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards respectively. Under the current law, the Federal net operating losses do not expire. While a portion of the state net operating loss carryforward amounts will expire between 2023 and 2040, the majority of these net operating losses have an indefinite carryforward period. 
 79 

Note 11 

80 

Note 12 
 percent of their eligible annual compensation with the Company making matching contributions on employee deferrals of up to percent of eligible employee wages. The matching contributions on pilot deferrals is percent for the first percent of eligible wages as provided under the pilot collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 The Company recognized expense under this plan of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Share-based employee compensation 
 
 The Company reserved shares of common stock for the Company to grant stock options, restricted stock, cash-settled stock appreciation rights ("SARs") and other stock-based awards to certain officers, directors and employees of the Company under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "2022 Plan"). The 2022 Plan is administered by the compensation committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The Company reserved shares of common stock for employee purchases under the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). Shares are purchased semi-annually, at a discount, based on the market value at period-end. Employees may contribute up to percent of their base pay per offering period, not to exceed each calendar year, for the purchase of common stock. The ESPP is a compensatory plan under applicable accounting guidance and results in the recognition of compensation expense. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2022 

Compensation expense 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded compensation expense of million, million and million, respectively, related to restricted stock, stock options, cash-settled SARs and the ESPP. Forfeiture rates are estimated at the time of grant based on historical actuals for similar grants, and are matched to actuals over the vesting period. 
 
 The unrecognized compensation cost was million as of December 31, 2022 for unvested restricted stock expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there was million unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options and no unrecognized compensation cost for cash-settled SARs. 
 
 Restricted stock awards 
 
 The closing price of the Company's stock on the date of grant is used as the fair value for the issuance of restricted stock. The majority of the Company's unvested restricted stock awards, subject generally to the individual's continued employment or service, vest one third each year over a three year period. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 81 

Note 13 
 
 2024 2025 Total purchase commitments 

Aircraft Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had entered into purchase agreements for aircraft which are expected to deliver between 2023 through 2025. 
 
 Contingencies 

Pilots Maintenance Technicians Flight Dispatchers Total 

full-time equivalent employees, percent of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions that are currently amendable or will become amendable in one year. 

82 

Note 14 
 
 operating segments: Airline and Sunseeker Resort. 
 
 Airline Segment 
 
 The Airline segment operates as a single business unit and includes all scheduled service air transportation, ancillary air-related products and services, third party products and services, fixed fee contract air transportation and other airline-related revenue. The CODM evaluation includes, but is not limited to, route and flight profitability data, ancillary and third party product and service offering statistics, and fixed fee contract information when making resource allocation decisions with the goal of optimizing consolidated financial results. 
 
 Sunseeker Resort Segment 
 
 The Sunseeker Resort segment represents activity related to the development and construction of Sunseeker Resort in Southwest Florida, as well as the renovation of Aileron Golf Course (formerly known as Kingsway Golf Course). Plans for the resort include a -room hotel and towers offering an estimated one, two and three-bedroom suites, bar and restaurant options, and other amenities. The golf course is a short drive from the resort site and is considered, from a planning and strategic perspective, to be an additional resort amenity. The construction of Sunseeker Resort is an extension of the Company's leisure travel focus and it is expected that many customers flying to Southwest Florida on Allegiant will elect to stay at this resort and enjoy its amenities. 
 83 

Third party products Fixed fee contract Other Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Year Ended December 31, 2021 Operating revenue: Passenger Third party products Fixed fee contract Other Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Year Ended December 31, 2020 Operating revenue: Passenger Third party products Fixed fee contract Other Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Interest expense, net (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures 
 (1) Excludes losses on debt extinguishment. 
 
 Total assets were as follows as of the dates indicated: 
 (in thousands) As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Airline Sunseeker Resort Consolidated 
 
 84 

Note 15 

million based on the value of new and used aircraft and engines which the Company may choose (subject to certain concentration limits and asset age restrictions) to place in the collateral pool. The facility has a term of months and once placed in the facility, such aircraft and engines may remain in the facility for the duration of the term at Company discretion. This credit facility will replace the revolving credit facility with the same lender which was to expire in March 2023. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into agreements with a trust to borrow million secured by Airbus A320 aircraft. The borrowing bears interest at a fixed rate and will be payable in monthly installments through March 2029, at which time, the Company will have a purchase option at a fixed amount. The aircraft was previously under a finance lease and a portion of the funds were used to exercise the purchase option. The balance of the proceeds from the loan will be used for general corporate purposes. 
 85 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. As of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and chief financial officer CFO ), we evaluated the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, management, including our CEO and CFO, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed, and are effective, to give reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and the CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in internal controls. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of our year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management, under the supervision of the CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on the assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. As such, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 We intend to review and evaluate the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting on a regular basis, to improve these controls and procedures over time, and to correct any deficiencies that may be discovered. Future events affecting our business may cause us to modify our controls and procedures. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report regarding its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 86 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Allegiant Travel Company: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Allegiant Travel Company and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 27, 2023 
 87 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the data under the headings ELECTION OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our annual meeting of shareholders to be held June 21, 2023, which Proxy Statement is to be filed with the Commission. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the data under the headings EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION and REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our annual meeting of shareholders to be held June 21, 2023, which Proxy Statement is to be filed with the Commission. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the data under the heading STOCK OWNERSHIP in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our annual meeting of shareholders to be held June 21, 2023, which Proxy Statement is to be filed with the Commission. The information required by this item with respect to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is included in Part II, Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the data under the heading RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS and Director Independence in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our annual meeting of shareholders to be held June 21, 2023, which Proxy Statement is to be filed with the Commission. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Our Independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the data under the heading PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our annual meeting of shareholders to be held June 21, 2023, which Proxy Statement is to be filed with the Commission. 
 88 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The financial statements included in Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data above are filed as part of this annual report. Financial Statement Schedules. Schedules are not submitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. Exhibits. The Exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. Where so indicated, exhibits which were previously filed are incorporated by reference. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Allegiant Travel Company i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement No. 333-134145 filed with the Commission on July 6, 2006). 
 3.2 Bylaws of Allegiant Travel Company as amended on July 25, 20 22 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 28, 2022 ). 
 3.3 Specimen Stock Certificate i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Form 8-A filed with the Commission on November 22, 2006). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2020, by and among Allegiant Travel Company, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, governing the 8.500 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2020). 
 4.2 Form of 8.500 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1). 
 4.3 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2020, between Barclays Bank PLC, as Authorized Representative for the Credit Agreement Secured Parties, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as First Lien Notes Collateral Agent and Authorized Representative for the First Lien Notes Secured Parties i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Current Report on Form 8- K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2020) . 
 4.4 Warrant Agreement dated April 20, 2020 between the Company and the U.S. Department of the Treasury i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed with the Commission on May 22, 2020) . 
 4.5 Form of PSP Warrant (included in Exhibit 4.4 as Annex B thereto) 
 4.6 PSP2 Warrant Agreement dated as of January 15, 2021, between the Company and the United States Department of the Treasury i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 6, 2021). 
 4.7 Form of PSP 2 Warrant (Included in Exhibit 4.6 as Annex B thereto). 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2022, by and among Allegiant Travel Company, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, governing the 7.250 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8- K , filed with the Commission on August 17, 2022). 
 4.9 Form of 7.250 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.8 above ). 
 4.10 Description of S ecurities 
 10.1 Airport Use and Lease Agreement signed on March 17, 2011 between the Company and Clark County Department of Aviation i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the Commission on February 27, 2012-SEC File No. 001-33166). 
 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed with the Commission on February 26, 2013-SEC File No. 001-33166). 
 10.3 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed with the Commission on November 1, 2016 . (1) 
 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement used for Directors of the Company under the 2016 Long-term Incentive Plan i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed with the Commission on November 1, 2016 . (1) 
 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement used for Employees of the Company under the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed with the Commission on November 1, 2016 . (1) 
 10.6 Credit Agreement dated as of June 24, 2019 among Sunrise Asset Management, Bank of America Leasing and Capital, LLC, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Bank of Utah, as agent i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed with the Commission on July 31, 2019) . (2) 
 10.7 Payroll Support Program Agreement dated April 20, 2020 between Allegiant Air, LLC and the U.S. Department of the Treasury i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed with the Commission on May 22, 2020) . 
 10.8 Payroll Support Program Extension Agreement dated January 15, 2021 between Allegiant Air, LLC and the U.S. Department of the Treasury i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the Commission on March 1 , 2021 . 
 
 89 

10.9 Payroll Support Program 3 Agreement dated April 23, 2021, between Allegiant Air, LLC and the United States Department of the Treasury i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022 . 
 10.10 Credit Agreement dated as of October 13, 2021 among Sunseeker Florida, Inc., Allegiant Travel Company, certain subsidiaries of Allegiant Travel Company, the Lenders party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association as Administrative Agent and Castlelake Lending Opportunities, LLC as Facility Manager i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.11 Disbursement Agreement dated as of October 13, 2021 among Sunseeker Florida, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association as Disbursement Agent and Administrative Agent i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.12 Mortgage, Assignment of Rents, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing dated as of October 13, 2021 made by Sunseeker Florida, Inc., to Wilmington Trust, National Association as Administrative Agent i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022 . 
 10.13 Share Pledge Agreement dated as of October 13, 2021 between SFI Equity Holdco, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association as Administrative Agent i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022 . 
 10.14 Payment Guaranty dated as of October 13, 2021 among Allegiant Travel Company, certain subsidiaries of Allegiant Travel Company, SFI Equity Holdco, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association as Administrative Agent i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 24 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022 . 
 10.15 Carry and Completion Guaranty dated as of October 13, 2021 among Allegiant Travel Company, certain subsidiaries of Allegiant Travel Company, SFI Equity Holdco, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association as Administrative Agent i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 25 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Commission on March 1, 2022 . 
 10.16 Aircraft General Terms Agreement WJE-AGTA between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i nco rporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with Commissio n on March 1, 2022 ). (2) 
 10.17 Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC relating to Boeing Models 737-8-200 and 737-7 Aircraft i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.18 Table 1A to Purchase Agreement No. PA-05130 Aircraft Information Table i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 28 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.19 Table 1B to Purchase Agreement No. PA-05130 Aircraft Information Table i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.20 Aircraft Configuration between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air Exhibit A-1 to Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.21 Aircraft Configuration between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air Exhibit A-2 to Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.22 Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC Exhibit B to Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 32 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.23 Airframe and Optional Features Escalation Adjustment between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC Supplemental Exhibit AE1 to Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 33 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.24 Buyer Furnished Equipment Variables between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC Supplemental Exhibit BFE1 to Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 34 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.25 Customer Support Variables between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC Supplemental Exhibit CS1 to Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 35 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.26 Engine Escalation Adjustment, Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC Supplemental Exhibit EE1 to Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 36 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). 
 10.27 Service Life Policy between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC Supplemental Exhibit SLP1 to Purchase Agreement Number PA-05130 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 37 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). 
 10.28 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101477 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 38 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 
 90 

10.29 Attachment A to Letter Agreement No. WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101477 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 39 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.30 Attachment B to Letter Agreement No. WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101477 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 40 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.31 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101478 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.32 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101479 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 42 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.33 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101481 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 43 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.34 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101482 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 44 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.35 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101483 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.36 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101485 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 46 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.37 Attachment to Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101485 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 47 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.38 Attachment to Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101485 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 48 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.39 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101487 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 49 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.40 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101488 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 50 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.41 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101489 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 51 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.42 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101490 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 52 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.43 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2101491 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 53 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.44 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2103907 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 54 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.45 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2103908 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 55 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.46 Attachment to Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2103908 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 6 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.47 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2103909 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 7 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.48 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2103923 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 8 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.49 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2103924 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 9 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.50 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2103925 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 60 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.51 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2103930 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 6 1 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 
 91 

10.52 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2104792 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 62 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.53 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2104982 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 6 3 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.54 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2105122 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 64 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.55 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2105267 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 65 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.56 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2105268 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 66 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.57 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2105443 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 67 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.58 Letter Agreement WJE-PA-05130-LA-2105503 by and between The Boeing Company and Allegiant Air, LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 68 to Annual Report on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the C ommission on March 1, 2022). (2) 
 10.59 Employment Agreement dated as of April 27, 2022 between the Company and John Redmond i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on August 4, 2022) . (1) 
 10.60 Restricted Stock Agreement dated June 1, 2022 between the Company and John Redmond i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on August 4, 2022) . (1) 
 10.61 Stock Option Agreement dated June 1, 2022 between the Company and John Redmond i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on August 4, 2022) . (1) 
 10.62 Employment Agreement dated as of August 1, 2022 between the Company and Scott Sheldon i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022) . (1) 
 10.63 Employment Agreement dated as of August 1, 2022 between the Company and Gregory Anderson i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022) . (1) 
 10.64 Employment Agreement dated as of August 1, 2022 between the Company and Scott DeAngelo i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022) . (1) 
 10.65 Employment Agreement dated as of August 1, 2022 between the Company and Robert Wilson, III i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022) . (1) 
 10.66 Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2022, among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and lead arranger i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 17, 2022). 
 10.67 PDP Credit Agreement dated as of September 30, 2022 among Allegiant Air, LLC, Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale (acting through its New York branch) and Landesbank Hessen-Th ringen Girozentrale as Original Lenders and Bank of Utah as security trustee i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022). 
 10.68 Purchase Agreement Assignment and Security Agreement dated as of September 30, 2022, between Allegiant Air, LLC and Bank of Utah as security trustee i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022). 
 10.69 Definitions Relating to the PDP Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement referenced in items 10.67 and 10.68 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 .7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Se ptember 30, 2022 filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022). 
 10.70 Allegiant Guarantee Agreement dated as of September 30, 2022 between the Company and Bank of Utah as security trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2022). 
 10.71 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (1) 
 10.72 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan - Employees. (1) 
 10.73 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan - Board Members . (1) 
 10.74 Employment Agreement dated as of December 1, 2022, between the Company and Keny Wilper. (1) 
 21 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 92 

23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32 Section 1350 Certifications 
 101 The following financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023, formatted in XBRL includes (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (v) Consolidated Cash Flow Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (3) 
 
 (1) Management contract or compensation plan or agreement required to be filed as an Exhibit to this Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 (2) Certain confidential information in this agreement has been omitted because it (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 (3) Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this annual report on Form 10-K shall be deemed to be not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed part of a registration statement, prospectus or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 93 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None 
 
 94 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada on February 27, 2023. 
 Allegiant Travel Company By: /s/ Gregory Anderson Gregory Anderson, as duly authorized officer of the Company (President) 
 
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Gregory Anderson and Robert Neal, and each of them acting alone, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to perform each and every act and thing appropriate or necessary to be done, as fully and for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 95 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ John Redmond Chief Executive Officer and Director February 27, 2023 John Redmond (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Robert Neal Chief Financial Officer February 27, 2023 Robert Neal (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Rebecca Aretos Chief Accounting Officer February 27, 2023 Rebecca Aretos (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Maurice J. Gallagher, Jr. Director (Chairman of the Board) February 27, 2023 Maurice J. Gallagher, Jr. /s/ Montie Brewer Director February 27, 2023 Montie Brewer /s/ Gary Ellmer Director February 27, 2023 Gary Ellmer /s/ Ponder Harrison Director February 27, 2023 M. Ponder Harrison /s/ Linda Marvin Director February 27, 2023 Linda Marvin /s/ Sandra D. Morgan Director February 27, 2023 Sandra D. Morgan /s/ Charles W. Pollard Director February 27, 2023 Charles W. Pollard 
 96 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 descriptionofregistrantsss.htm
 EX-4.10

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 Authorized Capitalization 
 
 Our capital structure consists of 100,000,000 authorized shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. As of February 1, 2023, there were 18,121,668 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to dividends as our board of directors may declare from time to time from legally available funds subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any shares of our preferred stock that we may issue in the future. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on any matter to be voted upon by stockholders, subject to the restrictions described below under the caption Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Nevada Law and Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws-Limited Voting by Foreign Owners . 
 
 Our articles of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting in connection with the election of directors. Our bylaws provide that in an uncontested election, directors are elected by majority vote. In the event of any contested election, directors will be elected by a plurality of the shares voting once a quorum is present. No holder of our common stock will have any preemptive right to subscribe for any shares of capital stock issued in the future. 
 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share, on a pro rata basis, all assets remaining after payment to creditors and subject to prior distribution rights of any shares of preferred stock that we may issue in the future. All of the outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, no shares of our preferred stock are outstanding. Under our articles of incorporation, our board of directors, without further action by our stockholders, will be authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series. The board may fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the preferred stock, along with any limitations or restrictions, including 
 
 the number of shares of the series, which number may thereafter be increased or decreased by our board of directors (but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding) 
 whether dividends, if any, will be cumulative or noncumulative and the dividend rate of the series 
 the conditions under which and the dates upon which dividends will be payable, and the relation which those dividends will bear to the dividends payable on any other class or classes of stock 
 the redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series 
 the terms and amounts of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series 
 the amounts payable on and the preferences of shares of the series, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of our company 
 whether the shares of the series will be convertible into shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of our company or any other corporation, and, if so, the specification of that other class or series or that other security, the conversion price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments to that price or those prices or that rate or those rates, the date or dates as of which those shares will be convertible and all other terms and conditions upon which the conversion may be made 
 restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series 
 the voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of that series. 
 
 The preferred stock could have voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could also have the effect, under certain circumstances, of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of our company. We currently have no plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 
 We believe the ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock will provide us with flexibility in structuring possible future financings and in meeting other corporate needs that might arise. Our authorized shares of preferred stock will be available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless that action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. The Nasdaq Global Select Market currently requires stockholder approval as a prerequisite to listing shares in several instances, including sales or issuances of common stock or securities convertible into, or exercisable for, common stock equal to or in excess of 20 or more of the outstanding stock determined before the proposed issuance. 

Although our board of directors has no intention at the present time of doing so, it could issue a series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of that series, impede the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt. Our board of directors may decide to issue those shares based on its judgment as to the best interests of our company and our stockholders. Our board of directors, in so acting, could issue preferred stock having terms that could discourage a potential acquiror from making an unsolicited and unwanted acquisition attempt through which that acquiror may be able to change the composition of our board of directors, including a tender offer or other transaction that some, or a majority, of our stockholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which stockholders might receive a premium for their stock over the then current market price of that stock. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Nevada Law and Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Effect of Nevada Anti-takeover Statutes . We are subject to anti-takeover provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS ), including NRS 78.411 through 78.444, inclusive (the Business Combination Statute with respect to combinations with interested stockholders, and NRS 78.378 through 78.3793 (the Control Share Statute ), with respect to the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain corporations doing business in the state. 
 
 Business Combinations . In general, the Business Combination Statute prohibits a Nevada corporation that is publicly traded with 200 or more stockholders of record from engaging in any certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of two years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless the combination meets all of the requirements of the articles of incorporation of the Nevada corporation and either (i) the board of directors of the corporation approved, before the person first became an interested stockholder, the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder or (ii) the combination is approved by the corporation s board of directors and stockholders owning at least 60 of the voting power not owned by the interested stockholder or its affiliates. After the two-year period following the date that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, business combinations may also be prohibited unless approved by the corporation's board of directors or a majority of the stockholders other than the interested stockholder and its affiliates, or unless the consideration to be received by stockholders of the corporation (other than the interested stockholder) meet the criteria set forth in the statute. The Business Combination Statute does not apply to combinations with an interested stockholder after the expiration of four years from the date the person first became an interested stockholder. 
 
 The NRS defines a combination subject to the statute to include the following 
 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation or a subsidiary thereof and the interested stockholder or any other entity which is, or after the transaction would be, an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder 
 any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition of the assets of the corporation to or with the interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate thereof if the assets transferred have a market value equal to more than 5 of all of the assets of the corporation or more than 5 of the value of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or represent more than 10 of the earning power or net income of the corporation 
 subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation or a subsidiary to the interested stockholder or an affiliate or associate thereof of any stock of the corporation or a subsidiary with a market value of 5 or more of the aggregate market value of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation 
 the adoption of a plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the corporation under any arrangement with the interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate thereof 
 subject to certain exceptions, any reclassification of securities, recapitalization, merger or consolidation, or other transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder or 
 the receipt, directly or indirectly, by the interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate thereof, except proportionately as a stockholder of the corporation, of the benefit of any loan, advance, guarantee, pledge or other financial assistance or tax credit or other tax advantage provided by or through the corporation. 
 
 In general, the Business Combination Statute defines an interested stockholder of a Nevada corporation as any entity or person beneficially owning, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding stock of the corporation or any affiliate or associate of the corporation that, within two years prior to the date in question was, directly or indirectly, beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding stock. An affiliate is a person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another specified person. An associate includes any corporation or organization of which the person is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of 10 or more of any class of voting shares, and certain other trusts and family members. 

We have not opted out of the Business Combination Statute in our Articles of Incorporation, so the law may have the effect of discouraging certain transactions with a persons who became an interested stockholder in a transaction not approved in advance by our board of directors, including certain takeover attempts that could represent a premium over the market price for the shares of our common stock. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions. The Control Share Statute may eliminate the voting rights of certain acquired shares in a corporation. The provisions apply to any acquisition of outstanding voting securities of a Nevada corporation that has 200 or more stockholders of record, at least 100 of which have addresses in Nevada, and conducts business in Nevada directly or through an affiliate (an issuing corporation ). An acquiring person and those acting in association with such person will, unless the Control Share Statute otherwise permits, be prohibited from voting such person s control shares acquired in connection with, or up to 90 days before, an acquisition of voting shares representing one of the following proportions of the outstanding voting power exceeding one of the following thresholds (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority or (iii) a majority or more. Control shares are entitled only to such voting rights as are conferred by resolution of a majority of the voting power of the other stockholders adopted at a meeting. If an issuing corporation's articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect by the tenth day following the acquisition so provide, the voting securities acquired may be redeemedy an issuing corporation at the average price paid for the securities if (i) the acquiring person has not given a timely information statement to an issuing corporation or (ii) the control shares are not granted full voting rights by stockholders. If the acquiring person obtains a majority voting interest and the security holders accord voting rights to such acquiring person, a stockholder who did not vote in favor of the voting rights may assert rights as a dissenter to demand payment of the fair value of such stockholder s shares. 
 
 We may amend our articles of incorporation or by-laws to opt out of the Control Share Statute up to ten days after a relevant acquisition, but we have not, to date, done so for any acquisition. 
 
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions . Our articles of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control or an unsolicited acquisition proposal that a stockholder might consider favorable, including a proposal that might result in the payment of a premium over the market price for the shares held by stockholders. These provisions are summarized in the following paragraphs. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued or Undesignated Capital Stock. Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. No preferred stock has yet to be designated. As of February 1, 2023, we had outstanding 18,121,668 shares of common stock. The authorized but unissued (and in the case of preferred stock, undesignated) stock may be issued by the board of directors in one or more transactions. In this regard, our articles of incorporation grant the board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock pursuant to the board's authority described above could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of common stock and adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of such holders and may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. The board of directors does not currently intend to seek stockholder approval prior to any issuance of preferred stock, unless otherwise required by law. 
 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by our board of directors, by our chairman of the board of directors, by our chief executive officer or by stockholders owning at least 25 of our stock (subject to providing certain information specified in our by-laws). 
 
 Notice Procedures. Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to all stockholder proposals to be brought before meetings of our stockholders, including proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors, the removal of directors and amendments to our articles of incorporation or bylaws. These procedures provide that notice of such stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to our secretary prior to the meeting. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received by our secretary not less than 120 days prior to the meeting. The notice must contain certain information specified in the bylaws. 
 
 Other Anti-Takeover Provisions. Certain provisions of our long-term incentive plan may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control or unsolicited acquisition proposals as vesting of stock grants may accelerate upon a change of control. 
 
 Limitation of Director Liability. Our articles of incorporation limit the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. Under our articles of incorporation and Nevada law, our directors and officers will not be individually liable for damages to us, our stockholders or our creditors as a result of any act or failure to act in such director s or officer s capacity as such unless 
 
 a. the presumption that the director or officer acted in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the corporation is rebutted 

b. it is proven that the director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and 
 c. it is proven that such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. 
 
 Indemnification Arrangements. Our bylaws provide that our directors and officers shall be indemnified and provide for the advancement to them of expenses in connection with actual or threatened proceedings and claims arising out of their status as such to the fullest extent permitted by the Nevada Revised Statutes. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that provide them with rights to indemnification and expense advancement to the fullest extent permitted under the Nevada Revised Statutes. 
 
 Limited Voting by Foreign Owners. To comply with restrictions imposed by federal law on foreign ownership of U.S. airlines, our articles of incorporation and bylaws restrict voting of shares of our capital stock by non-U.S. citizens. The restrictions imposed by federal law currently require that no more than 25 of our voting stock be voted, directly or indirectly, by persons who are not U.S. citizens, and that our president and at least two-thirds of the members of our board of directors be U.S. citizens. Our articles of incorporation provide that no shares of our capital stock may be voted by or at the direction of non-U.S. citizens unless such shares are registered on a separate stock record, which we refer to as the foreign stock record. Our bylaws further provide that no shares of our capital stock will be registered on the foreign stock record if the amount so registered would exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ALGT. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Its address is 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11711. 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-10.71>
 3
 a10712022ltip.htm
 EX-10.71

Document 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 2022 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 

1. PURPOSES OF THE PLAN The purposes of the Plan are to (a) promote the long-term success of the Company and its Subsidiaries and to increase stockholder value by providing Eligible Individuals with incentives to contribute to the long-term growth and profitability of the Company by offering them an opportunity to obtain a proprietary interest in the Company through the grant of equity-based awards and (b) assist the Company in attracting, retaining and motivating highly qualified individuals who are in a position to make significant contributions to the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
 
 2. DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 
 
 (a) Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following capitalized words shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 Award means an Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Stock Appreciation Right or Other Award granted by the Committee pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 Award Document means an agreement, certificate or other type or form of document or documentation approved by the Committee that sets forth the terms and conditions of an Award. An Award Document may be in written, electronic or other media, may be limited to a notation on the books and records of the Company and, unless the Committee requires otherwise, need not be signed by a representative of the Company or a Participant or alternatively, may be signed by electronic signature or other electronic indication of acceptance. 
 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 
 
 CEO means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 Change in Control means (i) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization, if more than 50 of the combined voting power of the continuing or surviving entity's securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization (ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company's assets or (iii) any transaction as a result of which any person (other than anyone who was a five percent or more stockholder of the Company on the Effective Date) is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing at least 50 of the total voting power represented by the Company's then outstanding voting securities. For purposes of clause (iii), the term person shall have the same meaning as when used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act but shall exclude (A) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Parent or Subsidiary and (B) a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the common stock of the Company. A transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company's incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company's securities immediately before such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to an Award that is subject to Section 409A of the Code and for which payment or settlement of the Award will accelerate upon a Change in Control, no event set forth in an agreement applicable to a Participant or clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) will constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the Plan and any Award Document unless such event also constitutes a Change in Ownership , Change in Effective Control or Change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company's assets as defined under Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable rulings and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board, any successor committee thereto or any other committee appointed from time to time by the Board to administer the Plan. The Committee shall serve at the pleasure of the Board and shall meet the requirements of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act provided, however, that the Board may perform any duties delegated to the Committee and in such instances, any reference to the Committee shall be construed to include actions by the Board. 
 
 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share, or such other class of share or other securities as may be applicable under Section 12(b) of the Plan. 
 
 Company means Allegiant Travel Company, a Nevada corporation, or any successor to all or substantially all of its business that adopts the Plan. 
 
 Effective Date means the date on which the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company. 
 
 Eligible Individuals means the individuals described in Section 4(a) of the Plan who are eligible for Awards under the Plan. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Fair Market Value means the market value of a share of Common Stock on a particular date determined as follows. In the event the Company's Common Stock is listed on an established stock exchange, Fair Market Value shall be deemed to be the closing price of the Company's Common Stock on such stock exchange on such date or, if no sale of the Company's Common Stock shall have been made on any stock exchange on that day, the Fair Market Value shall be determined at such price for the next preceding day upon which a sale shall have occurred provided, however, that for purposes of determining the amount of cash payable or stock issuable upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, Fair Market Value shall be the highest reported trading price on such day. In the event the Company's Common Stock is not listed upon an established system, but is quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board or similar trading market OTC ), the Fair Market Value shall be deemed to be the closing sale price (if reported) or otherwise, the mean between the closing dealer bid and asked prices for the Company's Common Stock as quoted on the OTC for such date, and if no closing sale price or bid and asked prices are quoted for that day, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by reference to such prices on the next preceding day on which such prices are quoted. In the event the Company's Common Stock is neither listed on an established stock exchange nor quoted on the OTC, the Fair Market Value on such date shall be determined by the Committee in its good faith discretion. 
 
 Incentive Stock Option means an Option that is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision thereto. 
 
 Misconduct shall mean the commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty by the Participant, any unauthorized use or disclosure by such person of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company (or any Subsidiary), or any other intentional misconduct by such person adversely affecting the business or affairs of the Company (or any Subsidiary) in a material manner. The foregoing definition shall not in any way preclude or restrict the right of the Company (or any Subsidiary) to discharge or dismiss any Participant or other person in the service of the Company (or any Subsidiary) for any other acts or omissions, but such other acts or omissions shall not be deemed, for purposes of the Plan, to constitute Misconduct. 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option that is not intended to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision thereto. 

Option means an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option granted pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan. 
 
 Other Award means any form of Award other than an Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit or Stock Appreciation Right granted pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan. 
 
 Parent means any corporation which at the time qualifies as a parent of the Company under the definition of parent corporation contained in Section 424(e) of the Code. 
 
 Participant means an Eligible Individual who has been granted an Award under the Plan. 
 
 Performance Award means any award granted pursuant to Section 6(i) of the Plan in the form of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Share Units, Restricted Shares or other awards of property, including cash, that have a performance feature described in Section 6(i) of the Plan. 
 
 Performance Period means the period established by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Document over which Performance Targets are measured. 
 
 Performance Target means the targets established by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Document. 
 
 Plan means the Allegiant Travel Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Plan Limit means the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued for all purposes under the Plan as set forth in Section 5(a) of the Plan. 
 
 Restricted Stock means stock granted or sold to a Participant pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan. 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit means a right to receive a Share (or cash, if applicable) in the future, granted pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan. 
 
 Shares means shares of Common Stock. 
 
 Stock Appreciation Right means a right to receive all or some portion of the appreciation on Shares granted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan. 
 
 Subsidiary means (i) a domestic or foreign corporation or other entity with respect to which the Company, directly or indirectly, has the power, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, to elect at least a majority of the members of such corporation's board of directors or analogous governing body, or (ii) any other domestic or foreign corporation or other entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, has an equity or similar interest and which the Committee designates as a Subsidiary for purposes of the Plan. For purposes of determining eligibility for the grant of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan, the term Subsidiary shall be defined in the manner required by Section 424(f) of the Code. 
 
 Time-Based Award means any Award granted pursuant to the Plan which is not a Performance Award. 
 
 (b) Rules of Construction. The masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include the feminine pronoun, and the singular form of a word shall be deemed to include the plural form, unless the context requires otherwise. Unless the text indicates otherwise, references to sections are to sections of the Plan. 
 
 3. ADMINISTRATION 

(a) Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which shall have full power and authority, subject to the express provisions hereof, to (i) select the Participants from the Eligible Individuals (ii) grant Awards in accordance with the Plan (iii) determine the number of Shares subject to each Award or the cash amount payable in connection with an Award (iv) determine the terms and conditions of each Award, including, without limitation, those related to term, permissible methods of exercise, vesting, forfeiture, payment, settlement, exercisability, Performance Periods, Performance Targets, and the effect, if any, of a Participant's termination of employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a Change in Control of the Company (v) subject to Section 15, amend the terms and conditions of an Award after the granting thereof (vi) specify and approve the provisions of the Award Documents delivered to Participants in connection with their Awards (vii) construe and interpret any Award Document delivered under the Plan (viii) make factual determinations in connection with the administration or interpretation of the Plan (ix) prescribe, amend and rescind administrative regulations, rules and procedures relating to the Plan (x) employ such legal counsel (who may be counsel to the Company), independent auditors and consultants as it deems desirable for the administration of the Plan and to rely upon any opinion or computation received therefrom (xi) vary the terms of Awards to take account of tax, securities law and other regulatory requirements of foreign jurisdictions or to procure favorable tax treatment for Participants and (xii) make all other determinations and take any other action desirable or necessary to interpret, construe or implement properly the provisions of the Plan or any Award Document. 
 
 (b) Plan Construction and Interpretation. The Committee shall have full power and authority, subject to the express provisions hereof, to construe and interpret the Plan. 
 
 (c) Determinations of Committee Final and Binding. All determinations by the Committee or its delegate in carrying out and administering the Plan and in construing and interpreting the Plan shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons interested herein. A majority of the Committee shall constitute a quorum and a majority of a quorum may authorize any action. Any decision reduced to writing and signed by a majority of the members of the Committee shall be fully effective as if it has been made at a meeting duly held. 
 
 (d) Delegation of Authority. To the extent not prohibited by applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Committee may, from time to time, delegate some or all of its authority under the Plan to a subcommittee or subcommittees thereof or other persons or groups of persons it deems appropriate under such conditions or limitations as it may set at the time of such delegation or thereafter, except that the Committee may not (i) delegate its authority pursuant to Section 15 to amend the Plan or (ii) delegate to any executive officer of the Company, or a committee that includes any such executive officer, the Committee s authority to grant Awards, or the Committee s authority otherwise concerning Awards, awarded to executive officers of the Company. Any such authority delegated or allocated by the Committee under this Section 3(d) shall be exercised in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and any rules, regulations or administrative guidelines that may from time to time be established by the Committee, and any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any time. For purposes of the Plan, reference to the Committee shall be deemed to refer to any subcommittee, subcommittees, or other persons or groups of persons to whom the Committee delegates authority pursuant to this Section 3(d). 
 
 (e) Liability of Committee. Subject to applicable laws, rules or regulations, (i) no member of the Board or Committee, the CEO, or any officer or employee of the Company to whom any duties or responsibilities are delegated hereunder shall be liable for any action or determination made in connection with the operation, administration or interpretation of the Plan, and (ii) the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each such person from any liability arising from or in connection with the Plan, except where such liability results directly from such person's fraud, willful misconduct or failure to act in good faith. In the performance of its responsibilities with respect to the Plan, the Committee shall be entitled to rely upon information and or advice furnished by the Company's officers or employees, the Company's accountants, the Company's counsel and any other party the Committee deems necessary, and no member of the Committee 

shall be liable for any action taken or not taken in reliance upon any such information and or advice. 
 
 (f) Action by the Board. Anything in the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, any authority or responsibility that, under the terms of the Plan, may be exercised by the Committee may alternatively be exercised by the Board. 
 
 4. ELIGIBILITY 
 
 (a) Eligible Individuals. Awards may be granted to officers, employees, directors and consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or joint ventures, partnerships or business organizations in which the Company or its Subsidiaries have an equity interest. The Committee shall have the authority to select the persons to whom Awards may be granted and to determine the number and terms of Awards to be granted to each such Participant. Under the Plan, references to employment or employed include Participants who are directors or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries. 
 
 (b) Grants to Participants. The Committee shall have no obligation to grant any Eligible Individual an Award or to designate an Eligible Individual as a Participant solely by reason of such Eligible Individual having received a prior Award or having been previously designated as a Participant. The Committee may grant more than one Award to a Participant and may designate an Eligible Individual as a Participant for overlapping periods of time. 
 
 5. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 
 
 (a) Plan Limit. Subject to Section 12 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued for all purposes under the Plan shall be 2,000,000 reduced by any grants made by the Company between April 1, 2022 and the Effective Date which shall be counted as if granted under this Plan (the Plan Limit ). Such number excludes any awards outstanding prior to the Effective Date under any prior incentive plan. Shares to be issued under the Plan may be authorized and unissued shares, issued shares that have been reacquired by the Company (in the open-market or in private transactions) and that are being held in treasury, or a combination thereof. Each Share issued pursuant to an Award other than an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right shall count as two (2) Shares for purposes of the Plan Limit. Each Share which may be issued upon exercise of an Option shall count as one Share. Each Share to which a Stock Appreciation Right relates shall be counted as one Share to the extent such Stock Appreciation Right is or may be settled in stock. Any Stock Appreciation Right which may only be settled in cash shall not be counted against the Plan Limit. For Awards which are not denominated in Shares, the Plan Limit shall be reduced by the number of Shares delivered upon settlement or payment of the Award. 
 
 (b) Share Replenishment. In addition to the Shares authorized by Section 5(a), Shares underlying Awards that are granted under the Plan, but which are subsequently forfeited, cancelled or expire for any reason without being exercised or settled shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. In addition, to the extent a Stock Appreciation Right which may be settled in cash or stock is exercised for cash, the Shares underlying such Stock Appreciation Right shall again become available for issuance under the Plan. The following Shares shall not become available for issuance under the Plan (x) Shares tendered in payment of an Option or other Award, and (y) Shares withheld for taxes or in payment of the Exercise Price of an Award. Shares purchased by the Company using Option proceeds shall not be added to the Plan Limit. Upon the exercise of any Stock Appreciation Right for stock, the difference between the number of Stock Appreciation Rights exercised and the number of Shares delivered on the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right shall not be added back to the Plan Limit. 
 
 (c) Special Limits. Anything to the contrary in Section 5(a) above notwithstanding, but subject to Section 12(b) of the Plan, the maximum number of Shares that may be subject to Options and or other Awards granted to any one Eligible Individual in any calendar year shall not exceed 100,000 Shares. 

6. AWARDS IN GENERAL 
 
 (a) Types of Awards. Awards under the Plan may consist of Options, Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock, Stock Appreciation Rights and Other Awards. Any Award described in Sections 7 through 10 of the Plan may be granted singly or in combination or tandem with any other Awards, as the Committee may determine. Awards under the Plan may be made in combination with, in replacement of, or as alternatives to awards or rights under any other compensation or benefit plan of the Company, including the plan of any acquired entity. 
 
 (b) Terms Set Forth in Award Document. The terms and conditions of each Award shall be set forth in an Award Document in a form approved by the Committee for such Award, which shall contain terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to applicable laws, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, in the event of death, disability or a Change in Control accelerate (i) the vesting or payment of any Time-Based Award, (ii) the lapse of restrictions on any Time-Based Award or (iii) the date on which any Time-Based Award first becomes exercisable subject, however, to the restrictions in Section 6(c). The terms of Awards may vary among Participants, and the Plan does not impose upon the Committee any requirement to make Awards or to accelerate Awards subject to uniform terms. Accordingly, the terms of individual Award Documents may vary. An Award Document shall not be a precondition to the granting of an Award provided, however, that (i) the Committee may, but need not, require as a condition to any Award s effectiveness, that such Award Document be executed on behalf of the Company and or by the Participant to whom the Award evidenced thereby shall have been granted and such executed Award Document to be delivered to the Company, and (ii) no person shall have any rights under any Award unless and until the Participant to whom such Award shall have been granted has complied with the applicable terms and conditions of the Award. 
 
 (c) Minimum Vesting. Except as otherwise provided herein, any Award shall have a minimum restriction period or performance period, as applicable, of one year from the date of grant provided, however, that the Committee may provide for earlier vesting upon a Participant s termination of employment or service by reason of death or disability, or a Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, up to five percent (5 of the Plan Limit (the Excepted Shares shall not be subject to the minimum restriction period or performance period, as applicable, described in the preceding sentence, it being understood that the Committee may, in its discretion, and at the time an Award is granted, designate any Shares that are subject to such Award as Excepted Shares provided, however, that, in no event shall the Committee designate any such Shares as Excepted Shares after the time such Award is granted. 
 
 (d) Termination of Employment. The Committee shall specify at or after the time of grant of an Award the provisions governing the disposition of an Award in the event of a Participant's termination of employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and subject to the limitation in Section 6(c), in connection with a Participant's termination of employment as a result of death, disability or a Change in Control, the Committee shall have the discretion to accelerate the vesting, exercisability or settlement of, eliminate the restrictions and conditions applicable to, or extend the post-termination exercise period of an outstanding Award. Such provisions may be specified in the applicable Award Document or determined at a subsequent time. Should a Participant s service with the Company be terminated for Misconduct or should a Participant otherwise engage in Misconduct while holding one or more outstanding Awards under this Plan, then all Awards held by such a Participant shall, in the Committee s discretion, terminate immediately and cease to be outstanding. 
 
 (e) Repricing. Except in the event of capital adjustments under Section 12(b) hereof, unless the approval of stockholders of the Company is obtained, (i) Options and Stock Appreciation Rights issued under the Plan shall not be amended to lower their exercise price, (ii) Options and Stock Appreciation Rights issued under the Plan will not be exchanged for (or cancelled and replaced with) other Options or Stock Appreciation Rights with lower exercise prices, (iii) Options and Stock Appreciation Rights issued under the Plan with an exercise price in excess of the Fair 

Market Value of the underlying Shares will not be exchanged for cash or other property, and (iv) no other action shall be taken with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights that would be treated as a repricing under the rules of the principal stock exchange or market system on which the Shares are listed. 
 
 (f) Change in Control. The Committee shall have full authority to determine the effect, if any, of a Change in Control of the Company on the vesting, exercisability, settlement, payment or lapse of restrictions applicable to an Award, which effect may be specified in the applicable Award Document or subject to the limitations described below with respect to Performance Awards, determined at a subsequent time. Except as otherwise specified in an Award Document (or in a Participant's employment agreement), and subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Board or the Committee shall in its sole discretion, at any time prior to, coincident with or after the time of a Change in Control, take such actions as it may consider appropriate to maintain the rights of a Participant in an Award granted under the Plan, including, without limitation (i) providing for the acceleration of any vesting conditions relating to the exercise or settlement of an Award or that an Award may be exercised or settled in full on or before a date fixed by the Board or the Committee (ii) making such other adjustments to the Awards then outstanding as the Board or the Committee deems appropriate to reflect such Change in Control or (iii) causing the Awards then outstanding to be assumed, or new rights substituted therefor, by the surviving corporation in such Change in Control provided, however, that in the event of a Change in Control and unless the Award Document provides otherwise, the vesting of Performance Awards may not be accelerated except to the extent based on actual results through the date of the Change in Control or on a pro rata basis to reflect that portion of the applicable ongoing Performance Period that has elapsed as of the date of the Change in Control. 
 
 (g) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. The Committee may provide Participants with the right to receive dividends or payments equivalent to dividends or interest with respect to an outstanding Award, which payments can either be paid currently or deemed to have been reinvested in Shares, and can be made in Shares, cash or a combination thereof, as the Committee shall determine. 
 
 (h) Restrictions Applicable to CEO. The CEO shall be required to hold, and not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Shares issued to the CEO for a period of twelve (12) months following the lapse of restrictions relating to Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, or the exercise of Options provided, however, this restriction will not apply (i) to Shares withheld or sold to cover tax withholding requirements related to such Shares, or (ii) if there is a Change in Control or if the CEO s employment is terminated as a result of a termination by the Company without cause (as defined in his employment agreement with the Company as in effect at the time), a resignation by Executive with good reason (as defined in his employment agreement with the Company as in effect at the time), or as a result of the CEO s death or disability. 
 
 (i) Rights of a Shareholder. A Participant shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to Shares covered by an Award until the date the Participant or his nominee becomes the holder of record of such Shares. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to such date, except as provided in Section 12(b) of the Plan. 
 
 (j) Performance-Based Awards. The Committee may determine whether any Award under the Plan is intended to be performance-based compensation. Any such Awards designated to be performance-based compensation shall be conditioned on the achievement of one or more Performance Targets. The Performance Targets that may be used by the Committee for such Awards will be based on measurable and attainable financial goals for the Company, one or more of its operating divisions or Subsidiaries or any combination of the above such as net income, total revenues, operating cash flow, operating margin, operating revenue, revenue growth rates, pretax income, pretax operating income, growth rates, operating income growth, return on assets, total shareholder return, share price, return on equity, operating earnings, cost per available seat mile, cost per available seat mile excluding fuel, diluted earnings per share, earnings per share growth, or similar financial measures, or a combination thereof as selected by the Committee, and quantifiable nonfinancial goals. The applicable Performance Targets will be established by the 

Committee prior to the commencement of the applicable Performance Period. Each Participant is assigned a target number of Shares (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5(c)) payable if Performance Targets are achieved. Any payment of an Award granted with Performance Targets shall be conditioned on the written certification of the Committee in each case that the Performance Targets and any other material conditions were satisfied. If a Participant's performance exceeds such Participant's Performance Targets, Awards may be greater than the target number, but may not exceed two hundred percent (200 of such Participant's target number. The Committee retains the right to reduce any Award if it believes that individual performance does not warrant the Award calculated by reference to the quantified results. 
 
 7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS 
 
 (a) General. The Committee, in its discretion, may grant Options to eligible Participants and shall determine whether such Options shall be Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options. Each Option shall be evidenced by an Award Document that shall expressly identify the Option as an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option (or partially an Incentive Stock Option and partially a Nonqualified Stock Option), and be in such form and contain such provisions as the Committee shall from time to time deem appropriate. 
 
 (b) Exercise Price. The exercise price of an Option shall be fixed by the Committee at the time of grant or shall be determined by a method specified by the Committee at the time of grant, but in no event shall the exercise price of an Option be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. 
 
 (c) Term. An Option shall be effective for such term as shall be determined by the Committee and as set forth in the Award Document relating to such Option, and the Committee may extend the term of an Option after the time of grant provided, however, that the term of an Option may in no event extend beyond the tenth anniversary of the date of grant of such Option. 
 
 (d) Payment of Exercise Price. Subject to the provisions of the applicable Award Document, the exercise price of an Option may be paid (i) in cash, (ii) by actual delivery for cancellation of freely transferable Shares already owned by the person exercising the Option, (iii) by a combination of cash and Shares equal in value to the exercise price, (iv) through net share settlement or similar procedure involving the withholding of Shares subject to the Option with a value equal to the exercise price or (v) by such other means as the Committee, in its discretion, may authorize. In accordance with the rules and procedures authorized by the Committee for this purpose, the Option may also be exercised through a cashless exercise procedure authorized by the Committee that permits Participants to exercise Options by delivering a properly executed exercise notice to the Company together with a copy of irrevocable instructions to a broker to deliver promptly to the Company the amount of sale or loan proceeds necessary to pay the exercise price and the amount of any required tax or other withholding obligations. 
 
 (e) Incentive Stock Options. The exercise price per Share of an Incentive Stock Option shall be fixed by the Committee at the time of grant or shall be determined by a method specified by the Committee at the time of grant. No Incentive Stock Option may be issued pursuant to the Plan to any individual who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock possessing more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, unless (i) the exercise price determined as of the date of grant is at least one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of the Shares subject to such Incentive Stock Option and (ii) the Incentive Stock Option is not exercisable more than five years from the date of grant thereof. No Participant shall be granted any Incentive Stock Option which would result in such Participant receiving a grant of Incentive Stock Options that would have an aggregate Fair Market Value in excess of one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), determined as of the time of grant, that would be exercisable for the first time by such Participant during any calendar year. The terms of any Incentive Stock Option granted under the Plan shall comply in all respects with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. 

8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AND RESTRICTED STOCK 
 
 (a) Restricted Stock Units. The Committee is authorized to grant Restricted Stock Units to Eligible Individuals. A Restricted Stock Unit shall entitle a Participant to receive, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the Plan and the applicable Award Document, one or more Shares in consideration of the Participant's employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in Shares, cash, or a combination of cash and Shares as provided in the Award Document, with a value equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time of payment. 
 
 (b) Restricted Stock. An Award of Restricted Stock shall consist of one or more shares of Common Stock granted or sold to an Eligible Individual, and shall be subject to the terms and conditions established by the Committee in connection with the Award and specified in the applicable Award Document. Restricted Stock may, among other things, be subject to restrictions on transferability, vesting requirements or other specified circumstances under which it may be canceled. 
 
 9. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
 
 (a) General. The Committee is authorized to grant Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Individuals. A Stock Appreciation Right shall entitle a Participant to receive, upon satisfaction of the conditions to payment specified in the applicable Award Document, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value on the exercise date of the number of Shares for which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised over the grant price for such Stock Appreciation Right specified in the applicable Award Document. The grant price per share of Shares covered by a Stock Appreciation Right shall be fixed by the Committee at the time of grant or, alternatively, shall be determined by a method specified by the Committee at the time of grant, but in no event shall the grant price of a Stock Appreciation Right be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. At the sole discretion of the Committee, the Award Document may provide that payments to a Participant upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right may be made in cash or Shares, or in a combination of cash and Shares, having an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the date of exercise equal to such cash amount. 
 
 (b) Term. A Stock Appreciation Right shall be effective for such term as shall be determined by the Committee and as set forth in the Award Document relating to such Stock Appreciation Right, and the Committee may extend the term of a Stock Appreciation Right after the time of grant provided, however, that the term of a Stock Appreciation Right may in no event extend beyond the tenth anniversary of the date of grant of such Stock Appreciation Right. 
 
 (c) Methods of Exercise. In accordance with the rules and procedures established by the Committee for this purpose, and subject to the provisions of the applicable Award Document and all applicable laws, the Committee shall determine the permissible methods of exercise for a Stock Appreciation Right. 
 
 (d) Stock Appreciation Rights in Tandem with Options. A Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with an Option may be granted either at the same time as such Option or subsequent thereto. If granted in tandem with an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right shall cover the same number of Shares as covered by the Option (or such lesser number of shares as the Committee may determine) and shall be exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent the related Option shall be exercisable, and shall have the same term as the related Option. The grant price of a Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with an Option shall equal the per share exercise price of the Option to which it relates. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right granted in tandem with an Option, the related Option shall be canceled automatically to the extent of the number of Shares covered by such exercise conversely, if the related Option is exercised as to some or all of the Shares covered by the tandem grant, the tandem Stock Appreciation Right shall be canceled automatically to the extent of the number of Shares covered by the Option exercise. 

10. OTHER AWARDS The Committee shall have the authority to specify the terms and provisions of other forms of equity-based or equity-related Awards not described above that the Committee determines to be consistent with the purpose of the Plan and the interests of the Company, which Awards may provide for cash payments based in whole or in part on the value or future value of Shares, for the acquisition or future acquisition of Shares, or any combination thereof. 
 
 11. CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS 
 
 (a) Transfers. Unless the Committee determines otherwise on or after the date of grant, no Award shall be transferable other than by last will and testament or by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order, as the case may be provided, however, that the Committee may, in its discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it shall specify, permit the transfer of an Award for no consideration (i) to a Participant's family member, (ii) to one or more trusts established in whole or in part for the benefit of one or more of such family members, (iii) to one or more entities which are beneficially owned in whole or in part by one or more such family members or (iv) to any other individual or entity permitted under law and the rules of the stock exchange that lists the Shares (collectively, Permitted Transferees ). Any Award transferred to a Permitted Transferee shall be further transferable only by last will and testament or the laws of descent and distribution or, for no consideration, to another Permitted Transferee of the Participant. 
 
 (b) Award Exercisable Only by Participant. During the lifetime of a Participant, an Award shall be exercisable only by the Participant or by a Permitted Transferee to whom such Award has been transferred in accordance with Section 11(a) above. The grant of an Award shall impose no obligation on a Participant to exercise or settle the Award. 
 
 12. RECAPITALIZATION OR REORGANIZATION 
 
 (a) Authority of the Company and Stockholders. The existence of the Plan, the Award Documents and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company's capital structure or business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, warrants or rights to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Shares or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Shares, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 
 (b) Change in Capitalization. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or any Award Document, the number (the Plan Limit) and kind of Shares authorized for issuance under Section 5 of the Plan, including the maximum number of Shares available under the special limits provided for in Section 5(c), shall be equitably adjusted in the event of a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation and may be equitably adjusted in the sole discretion of the Committee in the event of an extraordinary dividend, split-up, spin-off, combination, exchange of Shares, warrants or rights offering to purchase Shares at a price substantially below Fair Market Value or other similar corporate event affecting the Shares. In each case in which an adjustment is made, the adjustment shall be to preserve, but not increase, the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan. In addition, upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing events for which an adjustment is made, the number of outstanding Awards and the number and kind of Shares subject to any outstanding Award and the exercise price per Share (or the grant price per Share, as the case may be), if any, under any outstanding Award shall be equitably adjusted (including by payment of cash to a Participant) in the sole discretion of the Committee in order to preserve the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available to Participants granted Awards. Such adjustments shall be made by the Committee, in its sole discretion, whose determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, such adjusted 

Awards shall be subject to the same restrictions and vesting or settlement schedule to which the underlying Award is subject. 
 
 13. TERM OF THE PLAN Unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan, the Plan shall terminate on April 30, 2032, except with respect to Awards then outstanding. No Awards may be granted under the Plan after April 30, 2032. 
 
 14. EFFECTIVE DATE The Plan shall become effective on the Effective Date provided, however, that if the Plan is not approved by the stockholders on or before June 30, 2023, the Plan shall be void ab initio . 
 
 15. AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Board may at any time terminate or, from time to time, amend, modify or suspend the Plan provided, however, that no termination, amendment, modification or suspension of the Plan shall materially and adversely alter or impair the rights of a Participant in any Award previously made under the Plan without the consent of the holder thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall have broad authority to amend the Plan or any Award under the Plan without the consent of a Participant to the extent it deems necessary or desirable (a) to comply with, or take into account changes in, applicable tax laws, securities laws, accounting rules and other applicable laws, rules and regulations or (b) to ensure that an Award is not subject to interest and penalties under Section 409A of the Code. In addition, no such amendment shall be made without the approval of the Company s stockholders to the extent such approval is required by any applicable law, tax rules, stock exchange rules or accounting rules (including as necessary to comply with any rules or requirements of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Shares may be listed or quoted). 
 
 16. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 (a) Tax Withholding. The Company or a Subsidiary, as appropriate, may require any individual entitled to receive a payment in respect of an Award or to vest in a Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit grant to remit to the Company, prior to such payment or in connection with such vesting, an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable tax withholding requirements. In the case of an Award payable in Shares, the Company or a Subsidiary, as appropriate, may permit such individual to satisfy, in whole or in part, such obligation to remit taxes by directing the Company to withhold Shares that would otherwise be received by such individual or to repurchase Shares that were issued to such individual to satisfy the statutory withholding rates for any applicable tax withholding purposes, in accordance with all applicable laws and pursuant to such rules as the Committee may establish from time to time. The Company or a Subsidiary, as appropriate, shall also have the right to deduct from all cash payments made to a Participant (whether or not such payment is made in connection with an Award) any applicable taxes required to be withheld with respect to such payments. 
 
 (b) No Right to Awards or Employment. No person shall have any claim or right to receive Awards under the Plan. Neither the Plan, the grant of Awards under the Plan nor any action taken or omitted to be taken under the Plan shall be deemed to create or confer on any Eligible Individual any right to be retained in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary or other affiliate thereof, or to interfere with or to limit in any way the right of the Company or any Subsidiary or other affiliate thereof to terminate the employment of such Eligible Individual at any time. No Award shall constitute salary, recurrent compensation or contractual compensation for the year of grant, any later year or any other period of time. Payments received by a Participant under any Award made pursuant to the Plan shall not be included in, nor have any effect on, the determination of employment-related rights or benefits under any other employee benefit plan or similar arrangement provided by the Company and the Subsidiaries, unless otherwise specifically provided for under the terms of such plan or arrangement or by the Committee. 
 
 (c) Forfeiture Recoupment. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan or any Award Document to the contrary, Awards will be subject, to the extent applicable, to (a) the terms and conditions of the Company s executive compensation recoupment policy (as previously adopted, and as may be amended and restated from time to time) and (b) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 

Consumer Protection Act, as amended (the Dodd Frank Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and rules, regulations and binding, published guidance thereunder, and any similar legislation that may be enacted subsequent to the date hereof (including any rules, regulations and binding, published guidance thereunder). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, implement any recoupment policies or make any changes to the Company s existing recoupment policies as the Company deems necessary or advisable in order to comply with applicable law or regulatory guidance (including, without limitation, the Dodd-Frank Act). 
 
 (d) Securities Law Restrictions. An Award may not be exercised or settled and no Shares may be issued in connection with an Award unless the issuance of such shares has been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and qualified under applicable state blue sky laws and any applicable foreign securities laws, or the Company has determined that an exemption from registration and from qualification under such state blue sky laws is available. The Committee may require each Participant purchasing or acquiring Shares pursuant to an Award under the Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such Eligible Individual is acquiring the Shares for investment purposes and not with a view to the distribution thereof. All certificates for Shares delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any exchange upon which the Shares are then listed, and any applicable securities law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 
 
 (e) Awards to Individuals Subject to Laws of a Jurisdiction Outside of the United States. To the extent that Awards under the Plan are awarded to individuals who are domiciled or resident outside of the United States or to persons who are domiciled or resident in the United States but who are subject to the tax laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States, the Committee may adjust the terms of the Awards granted hereunder to such person (i) to comply with the laws of such jurisdiction and (ii) to permit the grant of the Award not to be a taxable event to the Participant. The authority granted under the previous sentence shall include the discretion for the Committee to adopt, on behalf of the Company, one or more sub-plans applicable to separate classes of Eligible Individuals who are subject to the laws of jurisdictions outside of the United States. 
 
 (f) Satisfaction of Obligations. Subject to applicable law, the Company may apply any cash, Shares, securities or other consideration received upon exercise or settlement of an Award to any obligations a Participant owes to the Company and the Subsidiaries in connection with the Plan or otherwise, including, without limitation, any tax obligations or obligations under a currency facility established in connection with the Plan. 
 
 (g) Unfunded Plan. The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. Prior to the issuance of Shares in connection with an Award, nothing contained herein shall give any Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company. In its sole discretion, the Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver Shares with respect to awards hereunder. 
 
 (h) Award Document. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the Plan and any Award Document, the Plan shall govern and the Award Document shall be interpreted to minimize or eliminate any such conflict or inconsistency. 
 
 (i) Application of Funds. The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of Shares pursuant to Awards will be used for general corporate purposes. 
 
 (j) Headings. The headings of sections herein are included solely for convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning of any of the provisions of the Plan. 

(k) Section 409A of the Code. If any provision of the Plan or an Award Document contravenes any regulations or Treasury guidance promulgated under Section 409A of the Code or could cause an Award to be subject to the interest and penalties under Section 409A of the Code, such provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be modified to maintain, to the maximum extent practicable, the original intent of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. Moreover, any discretionary authority that the Committee may have pursuant to the Plan shall not be applicable to an Award that is subject to Section 409A of the Code to the extent such discretionary authority will contravene Section 409A or the regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder. With respect to any Award that provides for a deferral of compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and that is payable under its terms on a Participant s termination of employment (including a Participant s termination of employment on account of retirement, if applicable), notwithstanding any provision herein or in the Participant s Award Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of payment under such an Award, the Participant is a specified employee (as defined below), no such payment shall occur prior to the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of the Participant s separation from service, or (B) the date of the Participant s death. Upon the expiration of the six (6) month deferral period referred to in the preceding sentence or the Participant s death, all amounts that would otherwise have been paid during such period but for this Section 16(k) shall be paid and any amounts that remain to be paid under the Award shall be paid in accordance with the terms hereof and of the Award Document. The term specified employee shall have the same meaning as assigned to that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and whether a Participant is a specified employee shall be determined in accordance with written guidelines adopted by the Company for such purposes. 
 
 (1) Governing Law. Except as to matters of federal law, the Plan and all actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada (other than its conflict of law rules). 

AS APPROVED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY ON APRIL 25, 2022. 
 AS APPROVED BY THE STOCKHOLDERS OF ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY ON JUNE 22, 2022. 

</EX-10.71>

<EX-10.72>
 4
 a1072formofrestrictedstock.htm
 EX-10.72

Document 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 RESTRICTED STOCK 
 AGREEMENT 

This Restricted Stock Agreement (the Agreement is made as of ________, 202_ Date of Grant between Allegiant Travel Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company and _________________ Grantee ). 
 
 1. LONG- TERM INCENTIVE PLAN . The restricted stock granted under this Agreement shall be subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions of the Allegiant Travel Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). A copy of the Plan is available to Grantee upon request and is incorporated in this Agreement by this reference. Terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Plan shall have the same meaning as in the Plan, unless the text of this Agreement clearly indicates otherwise. 
 
 2. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS . 
 
 A. The Company hereby grants to Grantee a total of _______ shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Restricted Stock subject to the terms and conditions set forth below. 
 
 B. The number of shares of common stock issued to the Grantee as Restricted Stock shall be recorded in the records of the Company. 
 
 C. The Restricted Stock has been awarded as compensation to the Grantee for services to be rendered over the vesting period provided for herein. 
 
 D. This Agreement sets forth the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock granted to Grantee. 
 
 3. RESTRICTIONS . 
 
 A. The Restricted Stock has been awarded to the Grantee subject to the transfer and forfeiture conditions set forth in Paragraph C below (the Restrictions which shall lapse, if at all, as described in Section 4 below. For purposes of this Award, the term Restricted Stock includes any additional shares of stock granted to the Grantee with respect to any Restricted Stock (e.g., shares issued upon a stock dividend or stock split) prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock. 
 
 B. Grantee may not directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, voluntarily or involuntarily, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise transfer (a transfer any of the Restricted Stock prior to vesting as provided in Section 4 below. Any transfer or attempted transfer prior to such time shall be null and void and of no effect whatsoever. 
 
 C. If the Grantee s employment with the Company terminates prior to the vesting of all Restricted Stock of the Grantee for any reason other than as set forth in Section 4 below, then the Grantee shall forfeit all of the Grantee s right, title and interest in and to the Restricted Stock not vested as of the date of such termination and such Restricted Stock shall be reconveyed to the Company as of the date of such termination without further consideration or any act or action by the Grantee. 
 
 D. The Restrictions imposed under this Section 3 shall apply to all shares of the Company s common stock or other securities issued with respect to Restricted Stock hereunder in connection with any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend or other change in corporate structure affecting the common stock of the Company which occurs prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock. 
 
 4. EXPIRATION AND TERMINATION OF RESTRICTIONS . The Restrictions imposed under Section 3 above will expire and vesting of the Restricted Stock shall be as follows 

A. On ________, 202_, the Restrictions will expire with respect to one-third (1 3) of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date 
 
 B. On _________, 202_, the Restrictions will expire with respect to an additional one-third (1 3) of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date and 
 
 C. On _________, 202_, the Restrictions will expire with respect to the balance of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the following special vesting rules shall apply 
 
 All Restricted Stock of a Grantee shall become fully vested upon the Grantee s death or total disability. Total disability shall be defined as a physician certified disability which permanently or indefinitely renders the Grantee unable to perform his her usual duties for the Company. 
 
 5. ADJUSTMENTS . If the number of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company is changed as a result of a stock dividend, stock split or the like without additional consideration to the Company, the number of shares of Restricted Stock under this Agreement shall be adjusted to correspond to the change in the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 6. VOTING AND DIVIDENDS . Subject to the restrictions contained in Section 3 hereof, the Grantee shall have all rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Grantee s Restricted Stock, including the right to vote the shares of the Grantee s Restricted Stock and the right to receive any cash or stock dividends, including dividends of stock of a company other than the Company. Stock dividends issued with respect to the Grantee s Restricted Stock shall be treated as additional shares of the Grantee s Restricted Stock (even if they are shares of a company other than the Company) that are subject to the same restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply to the shares with respect to which such dividends are issued. If a dividend is paid in other property, the Grantee will be credited with the amount of property which would have been received had the Grantee owned a number of shares of common stock equal to the number of shares of Restricted Stock credited to his her account. The property so credited will be subject to the same restrictions and other terms and conditions applicable to the Restricted Stock under this Agreement and will be disbursed to the Grantee in kind simultaneously with the Restricted Stock to which such property relates. 
 
 7. DELIVERY OF SHARES . The shares of Restricted Stock of the Grantee will be issued in the name of the Grantee as Restricted Stock and will be held by the Company prior to vesting in certificated or uncertificated form. If a certificate for Restricted Stock is issued prior to vesting, such certificate shall be registered in the name of the Grantee and shall bear a legend in substantially the following form 
 
 This certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture and restrictions against transfer) contained in a Restricted Stock Agreement dated __________, 202_ between the registered owner of the shares represented hereby and Allegiant Travel Company. Release from such terms and conditions shall be made only in accordance with the provisions of such Agreement, copies of which are on file in the office of Allegiant Travel Company. 
 
 Upon request from the Company, the Grantee shall deposit with the Company a stock power, or powers, executed in blank and sufficient to reconvey the Restricted Stock to the Company upon any forfeiture of the Restricted Stock (or a portion thereof), in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Upon vesting of any Restricted Stock, any stock certificates and stock powers relating to such vested Restricted Stock shall be released to the Grantee upon request. 
 
 8. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS . As a material inducement to the grant of Restricted Stock to Grantee hereunder, the provisions of Sections 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 shall apply. 
 
 A. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms and provisions shall have the following meanings 

(i) Prohibited Party shall mean all travel partners of the Company who (a) have contracted for regular chartered air service with the Company during the one (1) year period prior to the date of termination of employment, (b) whose services are sold by the Company to produce ancillary revenue (such as Enterprise Rent a Car) or (c) have been solicited as potential travel partners of the Company (such as Viva Aerobus) at a meeting held at any time during the one (1) year period prior to the date of termination of employment of Employee. 
 
 (ii) The Prohibited Time Period shall mean the period beginning on the date of execution hereof and ending on the date that is two (2) years after the termination of Grantee s employment with the Company. 
 
 (iii) Prohibited Employee means any employee, independent contractor or consultant of the Company or its subsidiaries who worked for the Company or its subsidiaries at any time within six (6) months prior to the Determination Date. 
 
 (iv) Determination Date shall mean any date as of which a determination is being made as to who is a Prohibited Employee. 
 
 (v) Employed or Employment means, for purposes of this Agreement only, to be engaged in the performance of services for or on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries, whether as an employee, independent contractor or otherwise. 
 
 (vi) Works means any work, studies, reports or analyses devised, developed, designed, formulated or reduced to writing by Grantee at any time while Grantee is or has been Employed by the Company, including, without limitation any and all compositions or works of authorship, concepts, compilations, abridgments, or other form in which Grantee may directly or indirectly recast, transform or adapt any of the foregoing. 
 
 (vii) Materials means any product, model, document, instrument, report, plan, proposal, specification, manual, tape, and all reproductions, copies or facsimiles thereof, or any other tangible item which in whole or in part contains, embodies or manifests, whether in printed, handwritten, coded, magnetic, digital or other form, any Confidential Information or Works. 
 
 B. Grantee covenants and agrees that during the Prohibited Time Period, he she shall not, for any reason, directly or indirectly (whether as officer, director, consultant, employee, representative, agent, partner, owner, stockholder or otherwise), (i) solicit charter air services from, or market charter air services to, any Prohibited Party, or (ii) enter into a transaction with a Prohibited Party as a result of which the Prohibited Party does, or is likely to, reduce the amount of business between the Prohibited Party and the Company. 
 
 C. Grantee agrees that during the Prohibited Time Period, he she shall not, for any reason, without the prior written consent of the Company, on his her own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, hire any Prohibited Employee or request or induce any Prohibited Employee to terminate that person s employment or relationship with the Company or to accept employment with any other person. 
 
 9. OWNERSHIP OF WORKS AND MATERIALS . 
 
 A. Grantee agrees that all Confidential Information, Works and Materials are the sole and exclusive property of the Company. 
 
 B. Grantee also specifically acknowledges and agrees that any tangible expression of any Confidential Information, Works or Materials were developed, made or invented exclusively for the benefit of and are the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its successors and assigns as works for hire under Section 201 of Title 17 of the United States Code. 

C. In the event that any Confidential Information, Works or Materials are deemed not to be a work for hire, Grantee agrees to assign, and does hereby irrevocably assign, to the Company all of his her right, title and interest in and to such Confidential Information, Works and Materials. Grantee further agrees to take any actions, including the execution of documents or instruments, which the Company may reasonably require to effect Grantee s assignment of rights pursuant to this Section 9C, and Grantee hereby constitutes and appoints, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, the Company as Grantee s attorney-in-fact to execute and deliver any documents or instruments which Grantee has agreed to execute and deliver pursuant to this Section 9C. 
 
 D. Grantee hereby waives and releases in favor of Company all rights in and to the Confidential Information, Works and Materials and agrees that Company shall have the right to revise, condense, abridge, expand, adapt, change, modify, add to, subtract from, re-title or otherwise modify the Confidential Information, Works and Materials without Grantee s consent. 
 
 10. CONFIDENTIALITY . 
 
 A. During the period beginning on the execution date of this Agreement and ending on the fifth (5th) anniversary of any termination or expiration of this Agreement, Grantee agrees that he she shall not, except in pursuit of the Company s business or with the prior written consent of the Company, for his her own benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity 
 
 (i) directly or indirectly disclose, reveal, report, duplicate or transfer any Confidential Information to any other person or entity outside of the Company 
 
 (ii) directly or indirectly aid, encourage, direct or allow any other person or entity outside of the Company to gain possession of or access to Confidential Information 
 
 (iii) directly or indirectly copy or reproduce Confidential Information, except as required as part of Grantee s duties for the Company or 
 
 (iv) directly or indirectly use, sell or exploit any Confidential Information or aid, encourage, direct or allow any other person or entity to use, sell or exploit any Confidential Information. 
 
 This covenant shall not apply to any Confidential Information now or hereafter voluntarily disseminated by the Company to the public, or which otherwise has become part of the public domain through means other than a breach of Grantee s duty of confidentiality hereunder. Confidential Information , for purposes of this Agreement, shall mean information of the Company that constitutes a trade secret or confidential information under Nevada law and shall include, but not be limited to, all relevant information (whether or not reduced to writing and in any and all stages of development), concerning the Company and its services, plans, business practices, methods of operation, financial information, names or lists of names of employees, contractors, suppliers and customers, employee compensation and benefits, other personal employee information, interpretations, surveys, forecasts, marketing plans, development plans, notes, reports, market analyses, specialized software and databases and other information related to suppliers and customers that could be used as a competitive advantage by competitors if revealed or disclosed to such competitors or to persons or entities revealing or disclosing same to such competitors together with any and all extracts, summaries and photo, electronic or other copies or reproductions, in whole or in part, stored in whatever medium. Grantee acknowledges that the Confidential Information is secret, confidential and proprietary to the Company and has been or will be disclosed to and or obtained by Grantee in confidence and trust for the sole purpose of using the same for the sole benefit of the Company. 
 
 B. Grantee hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Company has expended considerable and substantial time, effort and capital resources to develop the Confidential Information, (ii) the Confidential Information is innovative and must receive confidential treatment to protect the Company's competitive position in the market and the Company's proprietary interest therein from irreparable damage, (iii) Grantee, by virtue of his her relationship with the Company, has had and 

will have access to the Confidential Information, and (iv) the Confidential Information and all physical embodiments or other repositories of the same shall be and at all times remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company. 
 
 C. Since irreparable harm will otherwise result to the Company in the event of a breach or threatened breach by Grantee of the provisions of Item 8A, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining Grantee from disclosing, in whole or in part, any Confidential Information, or from rendering any services to any person, firm, company, association or other entity to whom such Confidential Information, in whole or in part, has been disclosed or is threatened to be disclosed. Grantee waives any requirement for the Company to post a bond or prove actual economic damage prior to seeking injunctive relief. 
 
 D. Additionally, Grantee agrees that, upon the earlier of either the written request of the Company or upon termination of Grantee s Employment, Grantee will deliver to the Company all Confidential Information that Grantee has in Grantee s possession or control. 
 
 11. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS . In order to avoid any ambiguity in connection with the creation of any Work which Grantee claims is not covered by this Agreement, Grantee agrees to disclose in writing to the Company complete details on any Works that are devised, developed, designed, formulated or reduced to writing by Grantee at any time while Grantee is or has been Employed by the Company. Such disclosure shall be made promptly upon development, design or formulation with respect to any Works created while Grantee is employed by the Company, and shall be disclosed in writing pursuant to such form as the Company may from time to time provide. 
 
 12. BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES . For so long as Grantee is Employed by the Company, Grantee will not, without the prior written consent of the Company (which consent may be withheld by the Company in the exercise of its absolute discretion), engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, venture or activity that Grantee is aware or reasonably should be aware that the Company or any affiliate of the Company is engaged in, intends at any time to become engaged in, or might become engaged in if offered the opportunity, or in any other business, venture or activity if the Company reasonably determines that such activity would adversely affect the business of the Company or any affiliate thereof or the performance by Grantee of any of Grantee s duties or obligations to the Company. 
 
 13. WITHHOLDING TAXES . The Company is entitled to withhold an amount equal to the Company s required minimum statutory withholding taxes for the respective tax jurisdiction attributable to any share of common stock or property deliverable in connection with the Restricted Stock. Grantee may satisfy any withholding obligation in whole or in part by electing to have the Company retain shares of the Restricted Stock having a Fair Market Value on the date of vesting equal to the minimum amount to be withheld. Fair Market Value for this purpose shall be the closing price for a share of the Company s common stock on the last trading day before the date of vesting. 
 
 14. OTHER RIGHTS . The grant of Restricted Stock does not confer upon Grantee any right to continue in the employ of the Company and does not interfere with the right of the Company to terminate Grantee s employment at any time. 
 
 15. CLAWBACK AGREEMENT . In accordance with the Company s clawback policy applicable to executive officers of the Company, in the event Grantee is an executive officer of the Company, then Grantee hereby agrees to reimburse the Company for all or any portion of any bonuses or incentive or equity-based compensation if the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors in good faith determines (a) the payment or grant was based on the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of a material financial restatement (other than as a result of a change in accounting principles) and a lower payment or award would have occurred based upon the restated financial results or (b) Grantee engaged in fraud or intentional misconduct related to the Company or its business. In each such instance, the Company will, to the extent practicable and allowable under applicable law, require reimbursement of any bonus or incentive or equity based compensation awarded or effect the cancellation of any unvested or deferred stock awards previously granted to Grantee in the amount by which Grantee s bonus or incentive or equity based compensation for the relevant period exceeded the lower payment that 

would have been made based on the restated financial results, or such other amount as determined by the Compensation Committee, provided that the Company will not be entitled to recover bonuses or incentive or equity based compensation paid more than three years prior to the date the applicable restatement is disclosed. 
 
 16. NOTICES . Any written notice under this Agreement shall be deemed given on the date that is three business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed either to the Grantee at his her address as indicated in the Company s employment records or to the Company at its principal office. Any notice may be sent using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy, ordinary mail or electronic mail) but no such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it is actually received by the intended recipient. 
 
 17. NONTRANSFERABILITY . This Agreement and all rights hereunder are nontransferable and nonassignable by the Grantee, other than by the last will and testament of Grantee or the laws of descent and distribution, unless the Company consents thereto in writing. Any transfer or attempted transfer except pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be null and void and of no effect whatsoever. 
 
 18. SECTION 83(b) ELECTION . Grantee may make an election to be taxed upon the grant of his her Restricted Stock under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. To effect such election, the Grantee must file an appropriate election with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days after the grant of the Restricted Stock and otherwise in accordance with the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
 
 19. AMENDMENT . This Agreement may not be amended except by a writing signed by the Company and Grantee. 
 
 20. HEIRS AND SUCCESSORS . This Agreement and all terms and conditions hereof shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and upon the Grantee and his her heirs, legatees and legal representatives. 
 
 21. INTERPRETATION . Any issues of interpretation of any provision of this Agreement shall be resolved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 22. SEVERABILITY . The provisions of this Agreement, and of each separate section and subsection, are severable, and if any one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions, and any unenforceable provisions to the extent enforceable, shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 23. GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION . All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the internal law and not the law of conflicts of the State of Nevada. Each of the undersigned further agrees that any action or proceeding brought or initiated in respect of this Agreement may be brought or initiated in the United States District Court for the State of Nevada or in any District Court located in Clark County, Nevada, and each of the undersigned consents to the exercise of personal jurisdiction and the placement of venue in any of such courts, or in any jurisdiction allowed by law, in any such action or proceeding and further consents that service of process may be effected in any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in Section 14.065 of the Nevada Revised Statutes or in such other manner as may be permitted by law. Each of the undersigned further agrees that no such action shall be brought against any party hereunder except in one of the courts above named. 
 
 24. WAIVER . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or any other provision hereof. 
 
 25. DEEMED SIGNATURE COUNTERPARTS . It is contemplated that the Grantee will confirm his her acceptance of the restricted stock grant evidenced hereby and the terms of this Agreement by logging onto the Plan administrator s website and electronically indicating his her acceptance. As the Grantee s information on the Plan administrator s website is password protected, such acceptance shall be deemed 

to be the Grantee s acceptance absent Grantee s ability to establish that he she did not accept this Agreement and that whoever indicated such acceptance did so without the Grantee s knowledge or acquiescence. Further, the acceptance by Grantee of any benefits from the ownership of stock granted under this Agreement (whether by voting the Restricted Stock, accepting dividends on the Restricted Stock, selling any shares of Restricted Stock or otherwise) shall also be deemed a confirmation by Grantee of his her intent to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If this Agreement is physically signed (which is not required), then it may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document, and all counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one instrument. If this Agreement is physically signed (which is not required), this Agreement may be executed by any party by delivery of a facsimile or pdf signature, which signature shall have the same force as an original signature. Any party which delivers a facsimile or pdf signature shall promptly thereafter deliver an originally executed signature to the other parties provided, however, that the failure to deliver an original signature page shall not affect the validity of any signature delivered by facsimile or pdf. A facsimile, pdf or photocopied signature shall be deemed to be the functional equivalent of an original for all purposes. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Agreement as of day and year first above written. 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 

By _______________________________ 
 
 Its _______________________________ 

The undersigned Grantee hereby accepts, and agrees to, all terms and provisions of the foregoing Award. 

Name _______________ 
 
 Signature _________________ 

</EX-10.72>

<EX-10.73>
 5
 a1073formofrestrictedstock.htm
 EX-10.73

Document 
 
 Board Member Grant 

 ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 
 RESTRICTED STOCK 
 AGREEMENT 

This Restricted Stock Agreement (the Agreement is made as of October 25, 2022 Date of Grant between Allegiant Travel Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company and Participant Name Grantee ). 
 
 1. LONG- TERM INCENTIVE PLAN . The restricted stock granted under this Agreement shall be subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions of the Allegiant Travel Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). A copy of the Plan is available to Grantee upon request and is incorporated in this Agreement by this reference. Terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Plan shall have the same meaning as in the Plan, unless the text of this Agreement clearly indicates otherwise. 
 
 2. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS . 
 
 A. The Company hereby grants to Grantee a total of ten thousand (10,000) shares of the Company s Common Stock (the Restricted Stock subject to the terms and conditions set forth below. 
 
 B. Grantee will receive a certificate identifying the number of shares of common stock issued to the Grantee as Restricted Stock. 
 
 C. The Restricted Stock has been awarded as compensation to the Grantee for services to be rendered as a Director of the Company over the vesting period provided for herein. 
 
 D. This Agreement sets forth the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock granted to Grantee. 
 
 3. RESTRICTIONS . 
 
 A. The Restricted Stock has been awarded to the Grantee subject to the transfer and forfeiture conditions set forth in Paragraph C below (the Restrictions which shall lapse, if at all, as described in Section 4 below. For purposes of this Award, the term Restricted Stock includes any additional shares of stock granted to the Grantee with respect to any Restricted Stock (e.g., shares issued upon a stock dividend or stock split) prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock. 
 
 B. Grantee may not directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, voluntarily or involuntarily, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise transfer (a transfer any of the Restricted Stock prior to vesting as provided in Section 4 below. Any transfer or attempted transfer prior to such time shall be null and void and of no effect whatsoever. 
 
 C. If the Grantee s service as a Director of the Company terminates prior to the vesting of all Restricted Stock of the Grantee for any reason (whether voluntary or involuntary) other than as set forth in Section 4 below, then the Grantee shall forfeit all of the Grantee s right, title and interest in and to the Restricted Stock not vested as of the date of such termination and such Restricted Stock shall be reconveyed to the Company as of the date of such termination without further consideration or any act or action by the Grantee. By way of example, forfeiture of the shares of Restricted Stock could occur even if the Grantee is not nominated for reelection or if the Grantee is not reelected by the Company s stockholders. 
 D. The Restrictions imposed under this Section 3 shall apply to all shares of the Company s common stock or other securities issued with respect to Restricted Stock hereunder in connection with any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend or other change in corporate structure affecting the common stock of the Company which occurs prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock. 

4. EXPIRATION AND TERMINATION OF RESTRICTIONS . The Restrictions imposed under Section 3 above will expire and vesting of the Restricted Stock shall be as follows 
 
 A. On October 25, 2023, the Restrictions will expire with respect to 2,000 shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 B. On April 25, 2024, the Restrictions will expire with respect to an additional 1,000 shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 C. On October 25, 2024, the Restrictions will expire with respect to an additional 1,000 shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 D. On April 25, 2025, the Restrictions will expire with respect to an additional 1,000 shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 E. On October 25, 2025, the Restrictions will expire with respect to an additional 1,000 shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 F. On April 25, 2026, the Restrictions will expire with respect to an additional 1,000 shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 G. On October 25, 2026, the Restrictions will expire with respect to an additional 1,000 shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 H. On April 25, 2027, the Restrictions will expire with respect to an additional 1,000 shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 I. On October 25, 2027, the Restrictions will expire with respect to all of the remaining shares of the Restricted Stock of the Grantee not forfeited prior to that date. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all Restricted Stock of a Grantee shall become fully vested upon the Grantee s death or total disability or upon a Change of Control of the Company. Total disability shall be defined as a physician certified disability which permanently or indefinitely renders the Grantee unable to perform his usual duties for the Company. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time after the date this Agreement is signed (i) by any method, transaction or series of related transactions, more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Company or beneficial ownership thereof are acquired within a period of one year by a person or group (as defined in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) other than the members of Company s Board, those persons who were more than 5 owners of the Company prior to the date of this Agreement, employees of the Company and any of their immediate family members and affiliates (ii) there is a merger or consolidation of the Company in which the Company is not the continuing or surviving entity or in which the stockholders of the Company immediately before such transaction do not own in the aggregate at least 50 of the outstanding voting shares of the continuing or surviving entity immediately after such transaction (iii) there is a merger or consolidation of the Company pursuant to which the Company s shares are converted into cash, securities or other property or (iv) the Company sells, leases or exchanges all or substantially all of its assets or the Company s stockholders approve the liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 
 5. ADJUSTMENTS . If the number of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company is changed as a result of a stock dividend, stock split or the like without additional consideration to the Company, the number of shares of Restricted Stock under this Agreement shall be adjusted to correspond to the change in the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 6. VOTING AND DIVIDENDS . Subject to the restrictions contained in Section 3 hereof, the Grantee shall have all rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Grantee s Restricted Stock, including the right to vote the shares of the Grantee s Restricted Stock and the right to receive any cash or stock dividends, including dividends of stock of a company other than the Company. 
 
 Cash dividends shall be paid to the Grantee regardless of whether the Restricted Stock is fully vested unless the cash dividend has been determined to be an extraordinary dividend by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Stock dividends issued with respect to the Grantee s Restricted Stock shall be treated as additional shares of the Grantee s Restricted Stock (even if they are shares of a company other than the Company) that are 

subject to the same restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply to the shares with respect to which such dividends are issued. 
 
 If there is an extraordinary cash dividend or if a dividend is paid in property other than cash or stock, the Grantee will be credited with the amount of such extraordinary cash dividend or property which would have been received had the Grantee owned a number of shares of common stock equal to the number of shares of Restricted Stock credited to his account. The extraordinary cash dividend or property so credited will be subject to the same restrictions and other terms and conditions applicable to the Restricted Stock under this Agreement and will be disbursed to the Grantee in kind simultaneously with the Restricted Stock to which such extraordinary cash dividend or property relates. 
 
 7. DELIVERY OF SHARES . The shares of Restricted Stock of the Grantee will be issued in the name of the Grantee as Restricted Stock and will be held by the Company prior to vesting in certificated or uncertificated form. If a certificate for Restricted Stock is issued prior to vesting, such certificate shall be registered in the name of the Grantee and shall bear a legend in substantially the following form 
 
 This certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture and restrictions against transfer) contained in a Restricted Stock Agreement dated October 25, 2022, between the registered owner of the shares represented hereby and Allegiant Travel Company. Release from such terms and conditions shall be made only in accordance with the provisions of such Agreement, copies of which are on file in the office of Allegiant Travel Company. 
 
 Upon request from the Company, the Grantee shall deposit with the Company a stock power, or powers, executed in blank and sufficient to reconvey the Restricted Stock to the Company upon any forfeiture of the Restricted Stock (or a portion thereof), in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Upon vesting of any Restricted Stock, any stock certificates and stock powers relating to such vested Restricted Stock shall be released to the Grantee upon request. 
 
 8. WITHHOLDING TAXES . The Company is entitled to withhold an amount equal to the Company s required minimum statutory withholding taxes (if any) for the respective tax jurisdiction attributable to any share of common stock or property deliverable in connection with the Restricted Stock. Grantee may satisfy any withholding obligation in whole or in part by electing to have the Company retain shares of the Restricted Stock having a Fair Market Value on the date of vesting equal to the minimum amount to be withheld. Fair Market Value for this purpose shall be the closing price for a share of the Company s common stock on the last trading day before the date of vesting. 
 
 9. OTHER RIGHTS . The grant of Restricted Stock does not confer upon Grantee any right to continue on the Board of Directors of the Company and does not interfere with the right of the Company to terminate Grantee s service on the Board at any time in accordance with the Company s By-Laws. 
 
 10. CLAWBACK AGREEMENT . In accordance with the Company s clawback policy applicable to executive officers of the Company, in the event Grantee is an executive officer of the Company, then Grantee hereby agrees to reimburse the Company for all or any portion of any bonuses or incentive or equity-based compensation if the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors in good faith determines (a) the payment or grant was based on the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of a material financial restatement (other than as a result of a change in accounting principles) and a lower payment or award would have occurred based upon the restated financial results or (b) Grantee engaged in fraud or intentional misconduct related to the Company or its business. In each such instance, the Company will, to the extent practicable and allowable under applicable law, require reimbursement of any bonus or incentive or equity based compensation awarded or effect the cancellation of any unvested or deferred stock awards previously granted to Grantee in the amount by which Grantee s bonus or incentive or equity based compensation for the relevant period exceeded the lower payment that would have been made based on the restated financial results, or such other amount as determined by the Compensation Committee, provided that the Company will not be entitled to recover bonuses or incentive or equity based compensation paid more than three years prior to the date the applicable restatement is disclosed. 

11. NOTICES . Any written notice under this Agreement shall be deemed given on the date that is three business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed either to the Grantee at his address as indicated in the Company s employment records or to the Company at its principal office. Any notice may be sent using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy, ordinary mail or electronic mail) but no such notice shall be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it is actually received by the intended recipient. 
 
 12. NONTRANSFERABILITY . This Agreement and all rights hereunder are nontransferable and nonassignable by the Grantee, other than by the last will and testament of Grantee or the laws of descent and distribution, unless the Company consents thereto in writing. Any transfer or attempted transfer except pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be null and void and of no effect whatsoever. 
 
 13. SECTION 83(b) ELECTION . Grantee may make an election to be taxed upon the grant of his Restricted Stock under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. To effect such election, the Grantee must file an appropriate election with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days after the grant of the Restricted Stock and otherwise in accordance with the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
 
 14. AMENDMENT . This Agreement may not be amended except by a writing signed by the Company and Grantee. 
 
 15. HEIRS AND SUCCESSORS . Subject to Section 12 above, this Agreement and all terms and conditions hereof shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and upon the Grantee and their heirs, legatees and legal representatives. 
 
 16. INTERPRETATION . Any issues of interpretation of any provision of this Agreement shall be resolved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 17. SEVERABILITY . The provisions of this Agreement, and of each separate section and subsection, are severable, and if any one or more provisions may be determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions, and any unenforceable provisions to the extent enforceable, shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 18. GOVERNING LAW . All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the internal law and not the law of conflicts of the State of Nevada. 
 
 19. WAIVER . The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or any other provision hereof. 
 
 20. DEEMED SIGNATURE COUNTERPARTS . It is contemplated that the Grantee will confirm his her acceptance of the restricted stock grant evidenced hereby and the terms of this Agreement by logging onto the Plan administrator s website and electronically indicating his her acceptance. As the Grantee s information on the Plan administrator s website is password protected, such acceptance shall be deemed to be the Grantee s acceptance absent Grantee s ability to establish that he she did not accept this Agreement and that whoever indicated such acceptance did so without the Grantee s knowledge or acquiescence. Further, the acceptance by Grantee of any benefits from the ownership of stock granted under this Agreement (whether by voting the Restricted Stock, accepting dividends on the Restricted Stock, selling any shares of Restricted Stock or otherwise) shall also be deemed a confirmation by Grantee of his her intent to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If this Agreement is physically signed (which is not required), then it may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document, and all counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one instrument. If this Agreement is physically signed (which is not required), this Agreement may be executed by any party by delivery of a facsimile or pdf signature, which signature shall have the same force as an original signature. Any party which delivers a facsimile or pdf signature shall promptly thereafter deliver an originally executed signature to the other parties provided, however, that the failure to deliver an original signature page shall not affect the validity of any signature delivered by 

facsimile or pdf. A facsimile, pdf or photocopied signature shall be deemed to be the functional equivalent of an original for all purposes. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Agreement as of day and year first above written. 

ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY 

By _______________________________ 
 
 Its _______________________________ 

The undersigned Grantee hereby accepts, and agrees to, all terms and provisions of the foregoing Award. 

Name Participant Name 
 
 Signature Signed Electronically 
 
 Date Acceptance Date 

</EX-10.73>

<EX-10.74>
 6
 employmentagrwilperconfo.htm
 EX-10.74

employmentagrwilperconfo 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is made and entered into effective as of the 1st day of December, 2022 by and between KENY WILPER (hereinafter Executive ), whose address is 10024 Wild Call St., Las Vegas, Nevada 89178, and ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY, a Nevada corporation (hereinafter the Company ), whose address is 1201 N. Town Center Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144. W I T N E S S E T H WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Executive as its senior vice president stations and operations control center (OCC), and Executive desires to be so employed pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the above premises, the terms and covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by Executive and the Company, it is hereby agreed as follows: 1. Employment. The Company hereby employs Executive and Executive hereby accepts employment by the Company upon all of the terms and conditions as are hereinafter set forth. Terms of employment with the Company are also governed by the Company s employment policies in effect from time to time. The Company shall provide a copy of such employment policies to Executive upon request. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the generally applicable employment policies, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 2. Scope of Services. A. Executive shall be employed by the Company as senior vice president stations and OCC of the Company and its operating subsidiaries. Executive shall report to the Company s Chief Operating Officer COO or such other officer as the Company may designate (the COO or such other officer being referred to as the Supervising Officer ). Executive s duties shall include those indicated above and such other duties assigned to him by the Supervising Officer from time to time. Executive s services are mutually agreed to be unique personal services. Executive acknowledges that the Company is relying upon Executive s experience, expertise and other qualifications in entering into this Agreement. Executive shall not assign or delegate any right, obligation or duty hereunder to any other person or entity without the express written consent of the Company. B. During Executive s period of service hereunder, Executive agrees to perform such services not inconsistent with Executive s position as shall from time to time be assigned to Executive by the Supervising Officer. During the term of this Agreement, except for disability, illness and vacation periods, Executive shall devote Executive s full productive time, 

- 2 - attention and energies to his positions with the Company and its operating subsidiaries. C. Unless otherwise approved by the Company, Executive shall be required to reside in Las Vegas, Nevada during his employment under this Agreement. D. Executive s expenditure of reasonable amounts of time in connection with outside activities, not competitive with the business of the Company, such as outside directorships or charitable activities, shall not be considered in contravention of this Agreement so long as such activities do not interfere with his performance of this Agreement. Further, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that Executive is entitled to engage in passive and personal investment activities not interfering with his performance of this Agreement. 3. Limitations of Duties. Executive shall not, without consent first being given by the Company, which consent may be general authority from the Company: A. Take part in activities detrimental to the best interests of the Company, including rendering any services to any other firm or entity which conflict or interfere with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder. B. Exceed any limitations on his authority that may be established by the Board. C. Enter into any contract, oral or written, in the name of, for or on behalf of the Company other than in the ordinary course of business. D. Use any money belonging to the Company or pledge its credit other than in the ordinary course of business. E. Commit or suffer to be committed any act whereby the Company s property may be subject to attachment or seizure. F. Cause the Company to become a guarantor, surety or endorser or give any note for the benefit of any other person whomsoever. Upon a breach of any provision under this Item 3, the Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement for Cause as set forth in Item 6E hereof and to pursue any other remedies available to the Company as a result of such breach. Executive shall indemnify and hold the Company harmless from and against any and all damages, actions, causes of action, claims and other liabilities, contingent or otherwise, directed toward the Company by others as a result of Executive s violation of any of the provisions of this Item 3. 4. Compensation. A. Base Compensation. As base compensation Base Salary for providing services hereunder, Executive shall be paid at the rate of Two Hundred Thousand Dollars 200,000) per annum to be paid monthly or in more frequent installments as may be agreed 

- 3 - upon by the Company and Executive. Effective April 1, 2023, the base salary shall be increased to 220,000 per year. The salary payable to Executive shall be inclusive of any fees received by Executive as an officer of the Company or any other company or corporate body in which Executive holds an office as a nominee or representative of the Company. B. Annual Bonus. Subject to the limitations in Paragraph 4N below, Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Company s annual cash bonus program (if any) as in effect from time to time and subject to meeting any requirements established for participation in the bonus program and may also be granted a discretionary bonus in such amount as may be determined by the Company, in its sole discretion. The total bonus allocation for all employees will be based on the profitability of the Company and Executive s bonus will also be based on his individual performance. Executive will be eligible for a target incentive cash bonus of up to 250 of his annual base salary. C. Participation in Equity Grants. Annually, Executive may also receive equity grants as the Board of Directors (the Board may determine. Unless the Board determines otherwise, the equity grants will vest in three (3) equal annual installments commencing on the first anniversary of each date of grant. Each equity grant will be subject to the terms of a Restricted Stock Agreement or Stock Option Agreement or other applicable agreement to be entered into between the Company and Executive to evidence each grant. With respect to any restricted stock granted, Executive shall be entitled to vote all vested and unvested shares of restricted stock and to receive all dividends paid thereon, until and unless such time as such shares of restricted stock are forfeited in accordance with the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreement evidencing such grant. D. Compensation for Period Through March 31, 2023. During the period from the Effective Date through March 31, 2023, Executive shall be entitled to base salary, cash bonus, value of equity grants and other compensation (including the compensation specified in Paragraphs A, B and C above) in an amount totaling the Executive s total compensation during 2019, all as determined under the PSPs (as defined in Paragraph E below). E. Grant on Expiration of CARES Act Compensation Limitations. As a recipient of financial support under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 and subsequent payroll support programs (collectively, the PSPs ), the Company is subject to certain restrictions on executive compensation for employees who made over 425,000 in 2019. These restrictions will continue to apply until at least April 1, 2023 and possibly longer. At such time as the Company is no longer subject to the restrictions on executive compensation under the PSPs, the Company shall grant to Executive an additional 225,000 of restricted stock (the PSP Expiration Grant under the Company s LTIP provided that the Executive remains actively employed as of such date. The restricted stock will be valued at the closing stock price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. The PSP Expiration Grant will vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant. The PSP Expiration Grant will be subject to the terms of a Restricted Stock Agreement to be entered into between the Company and Executive to evidence this grant. From and after grant, Executive shall be entitled to vote all vested and unvested shares of the Additional Restricted Stock and to receive all dividends paid thereon, until and unless such time as such shares of the PSP Expiration Grant are forfeited in accordance with the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreement evidencing such grant. 

- 4 - F. Promotion Grant. In connection with Executive s promotion to senior vice president, he shall receive an additional restricted stock grant as of April 3, 2023, with a value of 100,000. The restricted stock shall be subject to the terms specified in Paragraph 4C. G. Fringe Benefits. The Company shall provide Executive health and dental insurance for Executive and his spouse (if married) and family and such vacation time, sick leave, hotel and car rental allowances and other fringe benefits, including but not limited to participation in any pension, 401(k) and employee benefit plans that may be maintained by the Company from time to time as are made generally available to other management employees of the Company in accordance with Company policies and subject to the same terms (including employee contributions) as are generally applicable to participants in such plan. The Company reserves the right to change the benefits available under its benefit plans at any time or times. H. Positive Space Travel. In recognition of Executive s service in a management role for the Company, the following benefit is provided. During the term of his employment with the Company, Executive shall be entitled to passes for air travel on the flights of the Company (and any successor-in-interest to the Company) for Executive on a positive space basis at no cost to Executive. I. Expense Reimbursement. In addition, the Company shall reimburse Executive for any expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the business of the Company, as approved by the Company. These expenses may include expenses for travel, business promotion, association memberships, and any other expenses as may be approved by the Supervising Officer from time to time. The Company shall reimburse Executive for such out-of-pocket expenses by the tenth (10th) day of the month following the month in which such expenses were incurred (and appropriate documentation thereof has been provided to the Company). The Company may issue to Executive a company credit card. In such event, Executive agrees to use such card only for the expenses reimbursable under this paragraph. Executive agrees to keep the card securely. In the event of loss or theft, the issuing authority and the Company shall be informed immediately. The card shall be returned to the Company forthwith on the termination of Executive s employment for any reason whatsoever. J. Payroll Taxes. Executive shall bear full responsibility for the employee portion of all payroll taxes. With respect to the vesting of restricted stock, such amounts may be paid, at Executive s request, by the cancellation of such number of shares of Restricted Stock as may be necessary to fund the payroll tax obligation based on a value equal to the closing stock price of the Company s stock on the last trading day prior to the date of vesting. K. Deductions. Deductions shall be made from Executive s salary for social security, Medicare, federal and state withholding taxes, and any other such taxes as may from time to time be required by governmental authority. L. Review of Compensation. Employee s compensation package shall be subject to review each year based on Employee s performance, achievement of company goals, industry norms for compensation for similarly situated employees, and such other factors as the Company may determine to be appropriate. 

- 5 - M. Clawback Agreement. In accordance with the Company s clawback policy, Executive hereby agrees to reimburse the Company for all or any portion of any bonuses or incentive or equity-based compensation if the Compensation Committee in good faith determines: (a) the payment or grant was based on the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of a material financial restatement (other than as a result of a change in accounting principles) and a lower payment or award would have occurred based upon the restated financial results; or (b) the Executive engaged in fraud or intentional misconduct related to the Company or its business. In each such instance, the Company will, to the extent practicable and allowable under applicable law, require reimbursement of any bonus or incentive or equity based compensation awarded or effect the cancellation of any unvested or deferred stock awards previously granted to the Executive in the amount by which the Executive s bonus or incentive or equity based compensation for the relevant period exceeded the lower payment that would have been made based on the restated financial results, or such other amount as determined by the Compensation Committee, provided that the Company will not be entitled to recover bonuses or incentive or equity based compensation paid more than three years prior to the date the applicable restatement is disclosed. N. PSPs Limitations on Compensation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any cash or stock-based compensation under this Agreement (whether upon payment, grant, vesting or accelerated vesting) exceed the limitations imposed upon the Company by virtue of accepting support from the U.S. Treasury under the PSPs so long as those restrictions remain in effect. In the event of any such restriction, the parties agree to use good faith to negotiate an arrangement to provide the same value of compensation to Executive at a later time or on other terms but in compliance with the PSPs. O. Release Required for Post-Termination Benefits. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the acceleration of vesting of Restricted Stock, continued payment of salary after termination and other post-termination benefits shall be available to Executive under Items 6A, 6C and 6D in each case, if and only if Executive has executed and delivered to the Company a release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or in such other form agreed to by the parties and only so long as Executive has not revoked such general release. 5. Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof (the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2026. The term of the Agreement shall expire on such date absent a renewal signed by both parties. 6. Termination: A. This Agreement shall be terminated upon Executive s death or upon a physician certified disability which permanently or indefinitely renders Executive unable to perform his usual duties on behalf of the Company. In the event of Executive s termination of employment as a result of death or such a disability: (i) Executive shall continue to receive his full base salary and related fringe benefits for a period of one (1) year after the date of termination as a result of death or disability (and even if such one-year period might extend beyond the remaining term of this Agreement); and (ii) the vesting of all outstanding stock 

- 6 - options, restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights held by Executive at the time shall be accelerated but only to the extent granted prior to the date of death or disability. B. Executive may, without Good Reason (as defined in paragraph D below), terminate this Agreement by giving to the Company sixty (60) days written notice and such termination shall be effective on the date specified by Executive but in no event earlier than the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of such notice. In such event, Executive shall continue to render his services up to the Termination Date (as hereinafter defined) if so requested by the Company. In the event of such a resignation without Good Reason, all then unvested stock options, restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights held by Executive as of the Termination Date shall be immediately forfeited. C. The Company may, without Cause (as defined in paragraph E below), terminate this Agreement at any time by giving to Executive written notice and such termination shall be effective on the date specified by the Company. At the option of the Company, Executive shall immediately cease performing his duties hereunder upon receipt of the notice. If terminated without Cause pursuant to this paragraph C: (i) Executive shall continue to receive his full base salary and fringe benefits for the remaining term of this Agreement (but in no event for less than six (6) months following Executive s termination and in no event for a shorter period than the number of months of severance pay Executive has accrued under the Company s severance pay policy); and (ii) the vesting of all outstanding stock options, restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights held by Executive at the time shall be accelerated but only to the extent granted prior to the date of termination and only to the extent such shares would have vested within one (1) year after the date of termination. D. Executive may terminate this Agreement immediately for Good Reason . For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall be defined as (i) failure of the Company to make any payment or provide any benefit to Executive hereunder, which failure is not cured within thirty (30) days after the Company s receipt of written notice of such default, or (ii) a material diminution of Executive s duties and responsibilities or his title without Executive s consent, or (iii) the principal location at which Executive is to perform his duties is relocated to a place more than fifty (50) miles from Las Vegas, Nevada (provided Executive is required to live in the Las Vegas area). Any termination under this paragraph D shall take effect immediately upon the Company s receipt of written notice from Executive after the expiration of any applicable cure period. If Executive terminates this Agreement for Good Reason pursuant to this paragraph D: (i) Executive shall continue to receive his full base salary and fringe benefits for the remaining term of this Agreement but in no event less than six (6) months following Executive s termination and in no event for a shorter period than the number of months of severance pay Executive has accrued under the Company s severance pay policy; and (ii) the vesting of all outstanding stock options, restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights held by Executive at the time shall be accelerated but only to the extent granted prior to the date of termination and only to the extent such shares would have vested within one (1) year after the date of termination. E. The Company may terminate this Agreement immediately for Cause . For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall be defined as any of the following: (i) Executive shall commit a felony or other act involving moral turpitude, which other act is materially 

- 7 - detrimental to the Company; (ii) Executive shall knowingly commit any act of prohibited conduct as set forth in Item 3 of this Agreement; (iii) Executive shall commit any act, specifically including but not limited to drug or alcohol abuse, which act is materially harmful to the Company, or which in the reasonable opinion of the Company s Board brings the Company into disrepute; (iv) Executive shall commit any act of fraud, dishonesty, theft or misappropriation, whether or not related to his activities on behalf of the Company, including providing false reports or accounts to the Company or deliberately making false statements about the Company, its services, employees, customers or suppliers; (v) intentional or repeated material neglect of Executive s duties; (vi) failure to perform his duties in a satisfactory manner; (vii) breach by Executive of any other material provision of this Agreement; (viii) Executive shall become the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise make an arrangement or composition with creditors generally; (ix) Executive shall engage in anti-social behavior (such as fighting, indecency, harassment, sexual or racial harassment or discrimination, intimidation of others, physical violence or assault) during the course of performing duties for the Company or against another employee outside of work; (x) Executive shall have possession of illegal drugs at the Company s workplace; or (xi) Executive shall perform duties in a negligent or dangerous manner which causes or is likely to cause material loss or injury. This Agreement may not be terminated by the Company under subclause (v), (vi), (vii) or (xi) of this Item unless and until the Company has provided Executive with written notice of such violative conduct and Executive has failed to cure (or fails to commence and thereafter diligently pursue the cure) such act within thirty (30) days after Executive s receipt of such written notice; provided, however, that no right to cure shall be available for a second or subsequent violation of the same provision within any twelve (12) month period. Any termination under this paragraph E shall take effect immediately upon Executive s receipt of written notice from the Company or expiration of any applicable cure period, whichever is later. The failure of the Company to terminate this Agreement for cause as a result of any of the foregoing at any one or more times shall not affect the Company s ability to terminate this Agreement for cause as a result of the subsequent occurrence of any act giving rise to cause hereunder, provided that Executive is still provided with a notice to cure if applicable in accordance with the above. In the event of a termination for Cause, all then unvested stock options, restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights held by Executive shall be immediately forfeited. F. Upon termination, Executive shall have no obligation to provide any additional services, and except as expressly provided above, the Company shall only be obligated pay to Executive the portion of any amounts due as of the termination date, together with all unreimbursed out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive. G. Termination of Executive s Obligations. In the event of the termination of Executive s employment during the term of this Agreement, Executive s obligations under Item 7 of this Agreement shall survive the expiration of the term of this Agreement without renewal and termination of Executive s employment as provided in such Item. Unless the parties to this Agreement mutually agree to extend the term of this Agreement, the restrictions under Item 7 of this Agreement shall no longer apply after the expiration of the term of this Agreement if Executive continues to be employed by the Company at that time. H. Resignation of Positions upon Termination. On the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall at the request of the Company 

- 8 - immediately resign (without prejudice to any claims which Executive may have against the Company arising out of this Agreement or the termination thereof) from all and any offices which Executive may hold as an officer or member of the Board of the Company and from all other appointments or offices which Executive holds as a nominee or representative of the Company and if Executive should fail to do so, the Company is hereby irrevocably authorized to appoint another person in Executive s name and on Executive s behalf to sign any documents or do anything necessary or requisite to effect such resignation(s) and/or transfers. I. Termination Date. For all purposes of this Agreement the Termination Date shall refer to the effective date of termination as set forth above. 7. Restrictive Covenants. As a material inducement to the Company s employment of Executive, the provisions of this Item 7 shall apply. A. For purposes of this Item, the following terms and provisions shall have the following meanings: (i) Prohibited Time Period shall mean the period beginning on the date of execution hereof and ending on the date that is twelve (12) months after the termination of employment for any reason whatsoever of Executive. (ii) Prohibited Business shall mean the business of providing charter or scheduled airline service. The Prohibited Business shall include, but is not limited to, employment with an existing low cost carrier (LCC) airline or ultra low cost carrier (ULCC) airline (currently including, but not limited to, Avelo, Breeze, Frontier, Southwest, Spirit and Sun Country) or with a group which within one (1) year prior to the termination of Executive s employment or after the termination of employment, begins to take steps to form a start-up LCC or ULCC airline. (iii) Prohibited Geographic Area shall mean the conduct of the Prohibited Business within the United States or between the United States and Mexico, Canada or the Caribbean, whether he is physically located in the Prohibited Geographic Area or whether he is in contact with others located in the Prohibited Geographic Area. Executive acknowledges that he and the Company have agreed that Executive s services will benefit the Company throughout the Prohibited Geographic Area. (iv) Prohibited Capacity shall mean service in the capacity of an executive or in such other management position or as a significant equity owner or consultant, in which capacities Executive acknowledges that he has served or will serve the Company and its subsidiaries during the course of his employment for the Company. (v) Prohibited Party shall mean all travel partners of the Company who (a) have contracted for regular chartered air service with the Company during the one (1) year period prior to the date of termination of employment, or (b) whose services are sold by the Company to produce ancillary third party revenue (such as Enterprise Rent-a-Car), (c) have been solicited as potential travel partners of the Company at a meeting held at any time during the one (1) year period prior to the date of termination of employment of Executive (such as Viva Aerobus). 

- 9 - (vi) Prohibited Employee means any employee, independent contractor or consultant of the Company who worked for the Company at any time within six (6) months prior to the termination of employment of Executive; provided, however, that the term Prohibited Employee shall not include any employee who had not been employed by the Company within the one (1) year period immediately preceding the date contacted by Executive for subsequent employment. B. Executive agrees that during the Prohibited Time Period, he shall not, for any reason, without the prior written consent of the Company, on his own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, serve in a Prohibited Capacity in the Prohibited Business in the Prohibited Geographic Area. C. Executive covenants and agrees that during the Prohibited Time Period, he shall not, for any reason, directly or indirectly (whether as officer, director, consultant, employee, representative, agent, partner, owner, stockholder or otherwise), (i) solicit charter air services from, or market charter air services to, any Prohibited Party, or (ii) enter into a transaction with such Prohibited Party as a result of which the Prohibited Party does, or is likely to, reduce the amount of business between the Prohibited Party and the Company. D. Executive agrees that during the Prohibited Time Period, he shall not, for any reason, without the prior written consent of the Company, on his own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, hire any Prohibited Employee or request or induce any Prohibited Employee to terminate that person s employment or relationship with the Company or to accept employment with any other person. E. The parties agree that: (i) the covenants and agreements of Executive contained in this Item are reasonably necessary to protect the interests of the Company in whose favor said covenants and agreements are imposed in light of the nature of the Company s business and the professional involvement of Executive in such business; (ii) the restrictions imposed by this Item are not greater than are necessary for the protection of the Company in light of the substantial harm that the Company will suffer should Executive breach any of the provisions of said covenants or agreements; (iii) the covenants and agreements of Executive contained in this Item have been independently negotiated between the parties and served as a material inducement for the Company to enter into this Agreement; (iv) the period and geographical area of restriction referred to in this Item are fair and reasonably required for the protection of the Company; and (v) the nature, kind and character of the activities Executive is prohibited to engage in are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company in that the Company will rely on Executive for those important aspects of its business. F. Executive acknowledges that a material breach by Executive of any part of this Item will result in irreparable and continuing damage to the Company and any material breach or threatened breach of the covenants provided in this Item shall be subject to specific performance by temporary as well as permanent injunction or any other equitable remedies of any court of competent jurisdiction. G. The covenants and agreements on the part of Executive contained in this Item shall be construed as agreements independent of any other agreement between Executive 

- 10 - and the Company. The existence of any claim or cause of action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of each of such covenants and agreements or otherwise affect the remedies to which the Company is entitled hereunder. H. If the provisions of this Item 7 should ever be adjudicated to exceed the time, geographic or other limitations permitted by applicable law in any jurisdiction, then such provisions shall be deemed reformed in such jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic or other limitation permitted by applicable law. I. Nothing contained in this Item shall restrict Executive from being a not more than 1 stockholder (but not an officer, director, employee, consultant or advisor) of any corporation that directly or indirectly competes with the Company provided the stock of such competing corporation is publicly held and listed on a national stock exchange. 8. Confidential Information. A. During the period beginning on the execution date of this Agreement and ending on the fifth (5th) anniversary of any termination or expiration of this Agreement, Executive agrees that he shall not, except in pursuit of the Company s business or with the prior written consent of the Company, for his own benefit or for the benefit of any other person or entity: (i) directly or indirectly disclose, reveal, report, duplicate or transfer any Confidential Information to any other person or entity outside of the Company; (ii) directly or indirectly aid, encourage, direct or allow any other person or entity outside of the Company to gain possession of or access to Confidential Information; (iii) directly or indirectly copy or reproduce Confidential Information, except as required as part of Executive s duties; or (iv) directly or indirectly use, sell or exploit any Confidential Information or aid, encourage, direct or allow any other person or entity to use, sell or exploit any Confidential Information. This covenant shall not apply to any Confidential Information now or hereafter voluntarily disseminated by the Company to the public, or which otherwise has become part of the public domain through means other than a breach of Executive s duty of confidentiality hereunder. Confidential Information , for purposes of this Agreement, shall mean information of the Company that constitutes a trade secret or confidential information under Nevada law and shall include, but not be limited to, all relevant information (whether or not reduced to writing and in any and all stages of development), concerning the Company and its services, plans, business practices, methods of operation, financial information, names or lists of names of employees, contractors, suppliers and customers, employee compensation and benefits, other personal employee information, interpretations, surveys, forecasts, marketing plans, development plans, notes, reports, market analyses, specialized software and databases and other information 

- 11 - related to suppliers and customers that could be used as a competitive advantage by competitors if revealed or disclosed to such competitors or to persons or entities revealing or disclosing same to such competitors; together with any and all extracts, summaries and photo, electronic or other copies or reproductions, in whole or in part, stored in whatever medium. Confidential Information also includes business information of the Company now known by Executive, or in Executive s possession, or hereafter learned or acquired by Executive that derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use. Confidential Information may be written or oral, expressed in electronic media or otherwise disclosed, and may be tangible or intangible. Confidential Information also includes any information made available to the Company by its customers or other third parties and which the Company is obligated to keep confidential. Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information is secret, confidential and proprietary to the Company and has been or will be disclosed to and/or obtained by Executive in confidence and trust for the sole purpose of using the same for the sole benefit of the Company. B. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Company has expended considerable and substantial time, effort and capital resources to develop the Confidential Information, (ii) the Confidential Information is innovative and must receive confidential treatment to protect the Company's competitive position in the market and the Company's proprietary interest therein from irreparable damage, (iii) Executive, by virtue of his relationship with the Company, has had and will have access to the Confidential Information, and (iv) the Confidential Information and all physical embodiments or other repositories of the same shall be and at all times remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company. C. Since irreparable harm will otherwise result to the Company in the event of a breach or threatened breach by Executive of the provisions of Item 8A, the Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining Executive from disclosing, in whole or in part, any Confidential Information, or from rendering any services to any person, firm, company, association or other entity to whom such Confidential Information, in whole or in part, has been disclosed or is threatened to be disclosed. Executive waives any requirement for the Company to post a bond or prove actual economic damage prior to seeking injunctive relief. 9. Company Property. A. Executive acknowledges that all recorded information, including without limitation all notes, memoranda, records, documents, papers, computer disks, tapes, text or email messages, Teams messages, visual presentations or other storage media and all other papers and documents whatsoever which may have been prepared by Executive or have come into Executive s possession or control in the course of employment with the Company (the Documents and other materials owned or used by the Company shall at all times remain the sole property of the Company. B. Executive agrees to promptly, upon request of the Company and in any event upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever, forthwith return to the Company all property whatsoever belonging to the Company including, without limitation, any laptop computer belonging to the Company, security passes, 

- 12 - credit cards and all copies of the Documents which have come into Executive s possession or control in the course of employment with the Company and Executive shall not be entitled to and shall not retain any copies thereof. 10. Professional Responsibility. A. Executive agrees that he will provide in connection with the performance of all services under this Agreement the skill and diligence normally provided by competent professionals in the performance of services similar to that contemplated by this Agreement. B. Both parties acknowledge and agree that a fiduciary and confidential relationship has commenced and will continue to exist between them and that said relationship will continue during the term of this Agreement. C. Executive represents that he has no conflicts of interest in rendering his professional services to the Company. D. Executive shall not during the course of his employment (except as a representative or nominee of the Company or otherwise with the prior consent in writing of the Supervising Officer) be directly or indirectly engaged, concerned or interested in any other business which: (i) is wholly or partly in competition with any business carried on by the Company by itself or in partnership, common ownership or as a joint venture with any third party; or (ii) is a supplier to or customer of the Company, provided that Executive may own not more than one percent (1 of the issued shares of any company which is publicly held and listed on a national stock exchange or on the Nasdaq Stock Market. E. Subject to any regulations from time to time issued by the Company, Executive shall not receive or obtain directly or indirectly any discount, rebate, commission or other inducement in respect of any sale or purchase of any goods or services effected or other business transacted (whether or not by Executive) by or on behalf of the Company and if Executive (or any firm or company in which Executive is directly or indirectly engaged, concerned or interested) shall obtain any such discount, rebate, commission or inducement, Executive shall account to the Company for the amount received by Executive or the amount received by such firm or company. F. As an inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement, Executive represents and warrants that: (i) he is not a party to any other agreement or obligation for personal services (other than the Prior Agreement); (ii) there exist no impediments or restraints, contractual or otherwise, on Executive s power, right or ability to enter into this Agreement and to perform his duties and obligations hereunder; (iii) the performance of his obligations under this Agreement do not and will not violate or conflict with any agreement relating to confidentiality, non-competition or exclusive employment to which Executive is or was subject; and (iv) Executive has not been involved in any legal proceedings that would be required to be disclosed in response to Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As an inducement to Executive to enter into this Agreement, the Company represents and warrants that there exist no impediments or restraints, contractual or otherwise, on the Company s power, right or ability to enter into this Agreement and to perform its duties and 

- 13 - obligations hereunder. 11. Ownership of Works and Materials. A. Executive agrees that all Works (as defined below) and Materials (as defined below) are the sole and exclusive property of the Company. B. Executive also specifically acknowledges and agrees that any tangible expression of any Works or Materials were developed, made or invented exclusively for the benefit of and are the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its successors and assigns as works for hire under Section 201 of Title 17 of the United States Code. C. In the event that any Works or Materials are deemed not to be a work for hire, Executive agrees to assign, and does hereby irrevocably assign, to the Company all of his right, title and interest in and to such Works and Materials. Executive further agrees to take any actions, including the execution of documents or instruments, which the Company may reasonably require to effect Executive s assignment of rights pursuant to this Item 11C, and Executive hereby constitutes and appoints, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, the Company as Executive s attorney-in-fact to execute and deliver any documents or instruments which Executive has agreed to execute and deliver pursuant to this Item 11C. D. Executive hereby waives and releases in favor of Company all rights in and to the Works and Materials and agrees that Company shall have the right to revise, condense, abridge, expand, adapt, change, modify, add to, subtract from, re-title or otherwise modify the Works and Materials without Executive s consent. E. For purposes of this Item 11, Works means any work, studies, reports or analyses devised, developed, designed, formulated or reduced to writing by Executive at any time while Executive is or has been employed by the Company, including, without limitation any and all compositions or works of authorship, concepts, compilations, abridgments, or other form in which Executive may directly or indirectly recast, transform or adapt any of the foregoing. F. For purposes of this Item 11, Materials means any product, model, document, instrument, report, plan, proposal, specification, manual, tape, and all reproductions, copies or facsimiles thereof, or any other tangible item which in whole or in part contains, embodies or manifests, whether in printed, handwritten, coded, magnetic, digital or other form, any Works. G. In order to avoid any ambiguity in connection with the creation of any Work which Executive claims is not covered by this Agreement, Executive agrees to disclose in writing to the Company complete details on any Works that are devised, developed, designed, formulated or reduced to writing by Executive at any time while Executive is or has been employed by the Company. Such disclosure shall be made promptly upon development, design or formulation with respect to any Works created while Executive is employed by the Company, and shall be disclosed in writing pursuant to such form as the Company may from time to time provide 12. Business Opportunities. For so long as Executive is employed by the Company, Executive will not, without the prior written consent of the Company (which consent may be 

- 14 - withheld by the Company in the exercise of its absolute discretion), engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, venture or activity that Executive is aware or reasonably should be aware that the Company or any affiliate of the Company is engaged in, intends at any time to become engaged in, or might become engaged in if offered the opportunity, or in any other business, venture or activity if the Company reasonably determines that such activity would adversely affect the business of the Company or any affiliate thereof or the performance by Executive of any of Executive s duties or obligations to the Company. 13. Privacy Waivers. A. The Company reserves the right to stop and search any employee or property of any employee when entering or leaving the Company s premises. B. The Company reserves the right to monitor at any time telephone calls, electronic communications and information transmitted on Company networks or on computer equipment which is owned by the Company or on computers on Company premises that are used for Company business. 14. Notice. All notices required or sent hereunder shall be sent by personal delivery, by overnight priority mail via a nationally recognized overnight delivery company, or by certified mail, return receipt requested to the address of the party entitled to receive the notice as set forth above. Notices sent in accordance with this paragraph shall be deemed received upon personal delivery, one (1) business day after delivery to a nationally recognized overnight delivery company or five (5) days after mailed, as aforesaid. 15. Breach by the Company. If there is a dispute regarding the payment of any sum by the Company hereunder, the Company shall not be deemed to have failed to have made a payment hereunder if pending the resolution of such dispute, the Company pays the amount in dispute into court or into an escrow account at the Company s bank or with the Company s counsel. 16. Remedies Not Exclusive. The rights, remedies and benefits herein expressly specified are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies or benefits which any party may otherwise have. 17. Invalid Provisions. The invalidity of any one or more of the clauses or words contained in this Agreement shall not affect the reasonable enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, all of which are inserted herein conditionally upon being valid in law; and in the event that one or more of the words or clauses contained herein shall be invalid, this instrument shall be construed as if such invalid words or clauses had not been inserted or, alternatively, said words or clauses shall be reasonably limited to the extent that the applicable court interpreting the provisions of this Agreement considers to be reasonable. 18. Binding Effect. This Agreement, as it relates to restrictions applicable to Executive, is a personal contract and the rights and interests of Executive hereunder may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated. However, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company and its successors and assigns including, without limitation, any corporation or other entity into which Company is merged or which acquires all 

- 15 - or substantially all of the outstanding ownership interests or assets of Company. 19. Jurisdiction. Each of the undersigned further agrees that any action or proceeding brought or initiated in respect of this Agreement may be brought or initiated in the United States District Court for the State of Nevada or in any District Court located in Clark County, Nevada, and each of the undersigned consents to the exercise of personal jurisdiction and the placement of venue in any of such courts, or in any jurisdiction allowed by law, in any such action or proceeding and further consents that service of process may be effected in any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in Section 14.065 of the Nevada Revised Statutes or in such other manner as may be permitted by law. Each of the undersigned further agrees that no such action shall be brought against any party hereunder except in one of the courts above named. 20. Attorney s Fees. In the event an action is taken by either party to enforce this Agreement or resolve a dispute in connection herewith, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover the costs incurred with the prosecution and defense of such action, including reasonable attorney s fees. 21. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be construed under and governed by the laws of the State of Nevada other than its conflicts of laws principles. This Agreement contains the complete understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements, understandings and negotiations relating to the same subject matter. This Agreement may only be modified by a written instrument signed by each of the parties hereto. No provisions of this Agreement will be interpreted in favor of, or against, any of the parties hereto by reason of the extent to which any such party or its counsel participated in the drafting thereof or by reason of the extent to which any such provision is inconsistent with any prior draft hereof or thereof. Failure to require strict compliance with any term or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of a party s right to insist upon strict compliance with each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of that or any other term of condition. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and same instrument. The provisions of Item 3 (the last paragraph), 6H, 7, 8, 9, 11 and 14 through 21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Executive s employment with the Company. This Agreement may be executed by any party by delivery of a facsimile signature, which signature shall have the same force as an original signature. Any party which delivers a facsimile signature shall promptly thereafter deliver an originally executed signature to the other party; provided, however, that the failure to deliver an original signature page shall not affect the validity of any signature delivered by facsimile. The paragraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not be deemed to impart substantive meeting to any provision of this Agreement. Each party has had the opportunity to be represented by counsel of its choice in negotiating this Agreement. This Agreement shall therefore be deemed to have been negotiated and prepared at the joint request and direction of the parties, at arm s length, with the advice and participation of counsel, and shall be interpreted in accordance with its terms and without favor to any party. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

- 16 - IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been signed, sealed and delivered as of the date and year first above written. EXECUTIVE: /s/ Keny Wilper KENY WILPER COMPANY: ALLEGIANT TRAVEL COMPANY By: /s/ Gregory Anderson Title: President/CFO 

- 17 - Exhibit A Form of Release THIS RELEASE (the Release is entered into between Keny Wilper Executive and Allegiant Travel Company, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), for the benefit of the Company. The entering into and non-revocation of this Release is a condition to Executive s right to receive certain payments under Items 6A, 6C and 6D of the Employment Agreement entered into by and between Executive and the Company, effective as of December 1, 2022 (the Employment Agreement ). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning provided in the Employment Agreement. Accordingly, Executive and the Company agree as follows. 1. In consideration for the compensation and other benefits provided to Executive under Items 6A, 6C and 6D (as applicable) of the Employment Agreement to which Executive would not otherwise be entitled, Executive represents and agrees, as follows: (a) Executive, for himself, his heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors and assigns (collectively Releasors ), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges and agrees not to sue the Company or any of its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related entities and its current and former directors, officers, shareholders, trustees, employees, consultants, independent contractors, representatives, agents, servants, successors and assigns and all persons acting by, through or under or in concert with any of them (collectively Releasees ), from all claims, rights and liabilities up to and including the date of this Release arising from or relating to Executive s employment with, or termination of employment from, the Company, under the Employment Agreement and from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies, damages, actions, causes of actions, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected and any claims of wrongful discharge, breach of contract, implied contract, promissory estoppel, defamation, slander, libel, tortious conduct, employment discrimination or claims under any federal, state or local statute, law, order or ordinance, including any rights or claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. ADEA ), or any other federal, state or municipal ordinance. Nothing contained herein shall restrict the parties rights to enforce the terms of this Release. (b) To the maximum extent permitted by law, Executive agrees that he has not filed, nor will he ever file, a lawsuit asserting any claims which are released by this Release. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Release specifically excludes (i) any unpaid compensation or benefits accrued through the date of Executive s termination of employment, (ii) Executive s rights and the Company s obligations under Items 6A, 6C and 6D (as applicable) of the Employment Agreement, (iii) claims for unemployment benefits, (iv) Executive s vested account balance, if any, in the Company s 401(k) plan, and (v) Executive s right, if any, to elect continued group health coverage for himself and his eligible family members under Part 6 of Title I of ERISA. Nothing contained in this Release shall release Executive from 

- 18 - his obligations, including any obligations to abide by restrictive covenants under the Employment Agreement or any other agreement that continue or are to be performed following termination of employment. (d) The parties agree that this Release shall not affect the rights and responsibilities of the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (hereinafter EEOC to enforce ADEA and other laws. In addition, the parties agree that this Release shall not be used to justify interfering with Executive s protected right to file a charge or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC. The parties further agree that Executive knowingly and voluntarily waives all rights or claims (that arose prior to Executive s execution of this Release) the Releasors may have against the Releasees, or any of them, to receive any benefit or remedial relief (including, but not limited to, reinstatement, back pay, front pay, damages, attorneys fees, experts fees) as a consequence of any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC. 2. Executive acknowledges that the Company has specifically advised him of the right to seek the advice of an attorney concerning the terms and conditions of this Release. Executive further acknowledges that he has been furnished with a copy of this Release, and he has been afforded twenty-one (21) days in which to consider the terms and conditions set forth above prior to this Release. By executing this Release, Executive affirmatively states that he has had sufficient and reasonable time to review this Release and to consult with an attorney concerning his legal rights prior to the final execution of this Release. Executive further agrees that he has carefully read this Release and fully understands its terms. Executive understands that he may revoke this Release within seven (7) days after signing this Release. Revocation of this Release must be made in writing and must be received by [ ] at [ ] within the time period set forth above. 3. This Release will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflicting provision or rule (whether of the state of Nevada or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the laws of any jurisdiction other than the state of Nevada to be applied. In furtherance of the foregoing, the internal law of the state of Nevada will control the interpretation and construction of this agreement, even if under such jurisdiction s choice of law or conflict of law analysis, the substantive law of some other jurisdiction would ordinarily apply. The provisions of this Release are severable, and if any part or portion of it is found to be unenforceable, the other paragraphs shall remain fully valid and enforceable. This Release shall become effective and enforceable on the eighth day following its execution by Executive, provided he does not exercise his right of revocation as described above. If Executive fails to sign and deliver this Release or revokes his signature, this Release will be without force or effect, and Executive shall not be entitled to those payments or benefits under Items 6A, 6C or 6D of the Employment Agreement, as applicable, which are conditioned upon the execution of this Release. 

</EX-10.74>

<EX-21>
 7
 a202210kexhibit214q22.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Allegiant Air, LLC Nevada, USA Allegiant Vacations, LLC Nevada, USA AFH, Inc. Nevada, USA SFB Fueling, LLC (50 sub of AFH, Inc.) Delaware, USA G4 Properties, LLC Nevada, USA Sunrise Asset Management, LLC Nevada, USA Allegiant Commercial Properties Inc. Nevada, USA Sunseeker Resorts, Inc. Nevada, USA Sunseeker Florida, Inc. Florida, USA Point Charlotte, LLC Florida, USA Point Charlotte Development, LLC Florida, USA G4 Works, LLC Nevada, USA Dustland, LLC Nevada, USA Sunseeker Florida North, Inc. Florida, USA SFI Equity Holdco, Inc. Florida, USA 

Note In accordance with SEC rules, certain subsidiaries have been omitted which subsidiaries, in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 a202210kexhibit2314q22.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-141227, 333-199734, 333-215624) on Form S-8 and (No.333-227737) on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Allegiant Travel Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 a2022q4exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certifications 
 I, John Redmond, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Allegiant Travel Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 27, 2023 s John Redmond Title Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 a2022q4exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certifications 
 I, Robert Neal, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Allegiant Travel Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 27, 2023 s Robert Neal Title Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 11
 a2022q4exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 Allegiant Travel Company Certification under Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act - filed as an exhibit to Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Allegiant Travel Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, John Redmond, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Robert Neal, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s John Redmond s Robert Neal John Redmond Robert Neal Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer February 27, 2023 February 27, 2023 
 
 The foregoing Certification shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this report into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 algt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 algt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 algt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 algt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 algt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

