<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1640147_0001640147-23-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13618521</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>571353</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2161668</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5297826</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2815004</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2485430</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640147-23-000030.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329161547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640147-23-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Snowflake Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001640147
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				460636374
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39504
		FILM NUMBER:		23775387

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		106 EAST BABCOCK STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3A
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59715
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-766-9355

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		106 EAST BABCOCK STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3A
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59715

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Snowflake Computing, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150421

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640147-23-000030.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 snow-20230131.htm
 10-K

snow-20230131 
 
 Ta ble of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 1 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: Not Applicable 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Small reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on July 29, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s fiscal second quarter), based on the closing price of 149.91 for shares of the Registrant s Class A common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately billion. 
 As of March 17, 2023, there were million shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value of 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 We are a Delaware corporation with a globally distributed workforce and no corporate headquarters. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules, we are required to designate a principal executive office. For purposes of this report, we have designated our office in Bozeman, Montana as our principal executive office, as that is where our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are based. 

Ta ble of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Selected Risks Affecting Our Business 
 6 
 PART I. 
 7 
 ITEM 1. Business. 
 7 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 
 19 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 43 
 ITEM 2. Properties. 
 43 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 43 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 43 
 PART II. 
 44 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 44 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 44 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 45 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 64 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 66 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 110 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 110 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information. 
 111 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 111 
 PART III. 
 112 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 112 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. 
 112 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 112 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 112 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 112 
 PART IV. 
 113 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 113 
 ITEM 16. Form 10 K Summary. 
 114 
 Signatures 
 115 

3 

Ta ble of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial condition, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, design, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potentially, predict, project, should, will, would, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 
 our expectations regarding our revenue, expenses, and other operating results, including statements relating to the portion of our remaining performance obligations that we expect to recognize as revenue in future periods; 
 our ability to acquire new customers and successfully retain existing customers; 
 our ability to increase consumption on our platform; 
 our ability to continue to innovate and make new features generally available to customers; 
 our ability to achieve or sustain our profitability; 
 future investments in our business, our anticipated capital expenditures, and our estimates regarding our capital requirements; 
 the costs and success of our sales and marketing efforts, and our ability to promote our brand; 
 our growth strategies for, and market acceptance of, our platform and the Data Cloud, as well as our ability to execute such strategies; 
 our ability to successfully integrate and realize the benefits of strategic acquisitions; 
 our reliance on key personnel and our ability to identify, recruit, and retain skilled personnel; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth, including any international expansion; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and any costs associated therewith; 
 our expectations regarding general market conditions and the effects of those conditions, including on customer and partner activity; 
 our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; 
 the growth rates of the markets in which we compete; 
 our expectations regarding our stock repurchase program; and 
 the impacts of volatility and uncertainty in the global economy on our business and the businesses of our customers and partners. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 4 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including risks described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include additional factors that could harm our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements. 
 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We cannot assure you that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report or to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed as exhibits to this report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance, and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information to our investors using our investor relations website (investors.snowflake.com), our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), webcasts, press releases, and conference calls. We use these mediums, including our website, to communicate with investors and the general public about our company, our products, and other issues. It is possible that the information that we make available on our website may be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available on our website. 
 
 5 

Ta ble of Contents 

 SELECTED RISKS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS 
 Investing in our common stock involves numerous risks, including those set forth below. This summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read this summary together with the more detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties set forth in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Below are summaries of some of these risks, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. You should not interpret our disclosure of any of the following risks to imply that such risks have not already materialized. 
 
 We have experienced rapid revenue growth, which may not be indicative of our future performance, and we have a limited operating history, both of which make it difficult to forecast our future results of operations. 
 We may not have visibility into our future financial position and results of operations. 
 We have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 General market conditions, volatility, or disruptions, including higher inflation, higher interest rates, bank failures, and fluctuations or volatility in capital markets or foreign currency exchange rates, could have an adverse impact on our or our customers or partners businesses, which could negatively impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 If we fail to innovate in response to changing customer needs, new technologies, or other market requirements, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 If we or our third-party service providers experience an actual or perceived security breach or unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to our customers data, our data, or our platform, our platform may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our platform may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 We could suffer disruptions, outages, defects, and other performance and quality problems with our platform or with the public cloud and internet infrastructure on which it relies. 
 We expect fluctuations in our financial results, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our results of operations, our stock price could decline. 
 Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and platform. 
 Sales efforts to large customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with respect to sales to smaller organizations. 
 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in cloud spending or our customers actual or anticipated consumption rates, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 
 6 

Ta ble of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 We believe in a data connected world where organizations have seamless access to explore, share, and unlock the value of data. To realize this vision, we deliver the Data Cloud, a network where Snowflake customers, partners, developers, data providers, and data consumers can break down data silos and derive value from rapidly growing data sets in secure, governed, and compliant ways. 
 
 Our platform is the innovative technology that powers the Data Cloud, enabling customers to consolidate data into a single source of truth to drive meaningful business insights, build data applications, and share data and data products. We provide our platform through a customer-centric, consumption-based business model, only charging customers for the resources they use. 
 
 Snowflake solves the decades-old problem of data silos and data governance. Leveraging the elasticity and performance of the public cloud, our platform enables customers to unify and query data to support a wide variety of use cases. It also provides frictionless and governed data access so users can securely share data inside and outside of their organizations, generally without copying or moving the underlying data. As a result, customers can blend existing data with new data for broader context, augment data science efforts, and create new monetization streams. Delivered as a service, our platform requires near-zero maintenance, enabling customers to focus on deriving value from their data rather than managing infrastructure. 
 
 Our cloud-native architecture consists of three independently scalable but logically integrated layers across compute, storage, and cloud services. The compute layer provides dedicated resources to enable users to simultaneously access common data sets for many use cases with minimal latency. The storage layer ingests massive amounts and varieties of structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data to create a unified data record. The cloud services layer intelligently optimizes each use case s performance requirements with no administration. This architecture is built on three major public clouds across 38 regional deployments around the world. These deployments are generally interconnected to deliver the Data Cloud, enabling a consistent, global user experience. 
 
 Our platform supports a wide range of workloads that enable our customers most important business objectives, including data warehousing, data lakes, and Unistore, as well as collaboration, data engineering, cybersecurity, data science and machine learning, and application development. From January 1, 2023 to January 31, 2023, we processed an average of approximately 2.6 billion daily queries across all our customer accounts, up from an average of approximately 1.5 billion daily queries during the corresponding month of the prior fiscal year. We are committed to expanding our platform s use cases and supporting developers in building their applications and businesses. In 2021, we launched Snowpark for Java to allow developers to build in the language of their choice, and in 2022 we added support for Python. We continue to invest in our Powered by Snowflake program to help companies build, operate, and market applications in the Data Cloud by supporting developers across all stages of the application journey. As of January 31, 2023, we had over 820 Powered by Snowflake registrants. Powered by Snowflake partners have access to go-to-market, customer support, and engineering expertise. 
 
 We have an industry-vertical focus, which allows us to go to market with tailored business solutions. For example, we have launched the Telecom Data Cloud, the Financial Services Data Cloud, the Media Data Cloud, the Healthcare and Life Sciences Data Cloud, and the Retail Data Cloud. Each of these brings together Snowflake s platform capabilities with industry-specific partner solutions and datasets to drive business growth and deliver improved experiences and insights. 
 
 Our business benefits from powerful network effects. The Data Cloud will continue to grow as organizations move their siloed data from cloud-based repositories and on-premises data centers to the Data Cloud. The more customers adopt our platform, the more data can be exchanged with other Snowflake customers, partners, data providers, and data consumers, enhancing the value of our platform for all users. We believe this network effect will help us drive our vision of the Data Cloud. 
 
 7 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our platform is used globally by organizations of all sizes across a broad range of industries. As of January 31, 2023, we had 7,828 total customers, increasing from 5,967 customers as of January 31, 2022. As of January 31, 2023, our customers included 573 of the Forbes Global 2000, based on the 2022 Forbes Global 2000 list, and those customers contributed approximately 41 of our revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. Our Forbes Global 2000 customer count is subject to adjustments for annual updates to the Global 2000 list by Forbes, as well as acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity with respect to such customers, and we present our Forbes Global 2000 customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. As our customers experience the benefits of our platform, they typically expand their usage significantly, as evidenced by our net revenue retention rate, which was 158 as of January 31, 2023. The number of customers that contributed more than 1 million in trailing 12-month product revenue increased from 184 to 330 as of January 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 We have achieved significant growth in recent periods. For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, our revenue was 2.1 billion, 1.2 billion, and 592.0 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 69 and 106 , respectively. Our net loss was 797.5 million, 679.9 million, and 539.1 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Rise of the Data Cloud 
 
 Data exists everywhere, but is often held hostage in silos by machines, applications, networks, and clouds. In order to access the value of this data, organizations are undergoing massive digital transformation initiatives, and data is driving operations for many modern enterprises. In an effort to mobilize data, companies have invested billions of dollars in disparate on-premises systems, infrastructure clouds, and application clouds. Yet, there are a myriad of challenges associated with legacy data solutions and the data silo problem persists. 
 
 We believe the Data Cloud can enable a world without data silos, allowing organizations to effortlessly discover, access, derive insights from, and share data from a variety of sources. Customers can share and provide access to each other s data or data products, augment data science and machine learning algorithms with more data sets, connect global supply chains through data hubs, build data products, and create new monetization channels by connecting data providers and consumers. As the Data Cloud grows through broad adoption and increasing usage, there are enhanced benefits from greater data availability. Moving forward, we are continuing to foster these benefits through industry-specific Data Clouds and the Powered by Snowflake program. 
 
 Our Solution 
 
 Our platform is built on a cloud-native architecture that leverages the massive scalability and performance of the public cloud. Our platform allows customers to consolidate data into a single source of truth to drive meaningful business insights, power applications, and share data across regions and public clouds. Key elements of our platform include: 
 
 Diverse data types. Our platform integrates and optimizes structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, while maintaining performance and flexibility. 
 Massive scalability of data volumes. Our platform leverages the scalability and performance of the public cloud to support growing data sets without sacrificing performance. 
 Multiple use cases and users simultaneously. Our platform makes compute resources dynamically available to address the demand of as many users and use cases as needed. Because the storage layer is independent of compute, the data is centralized and simultaneously accessible by many users without compromising performance or data integrity. 
 Optimized price-performance. Our platform uses advanced optimizations to efficiently access only the data required to deliver the desired results. It delivers speed without the need for tuning or the expense of manually organizing data prior to use. Organizations can adjust their consumption to precisely match their needs, always optimizing for price-performance. 
 8 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Easy to use. Our platform can be up and running in seconds and is priced based on a consumption-based business model, reducing hidden costs and ensuring customers pay only for what they use. Snowpark, our developer framework, allows developers to interact with Snowflake through various popular programming languages, including Python. This, combined with our familiar SQL-based programming model and query language, provides choice for organizations without governance tradeoffs and saves time and costs to learn new skills or hire specialized analysts or data scientists. 
 Delivered as a service with no overhead. Our platform is delivered as a service, eliminating the cost, time, and resources associated with managing underlying infrastructure. We deliver automated platform updates regularly with minimal planned downtime, eliminating expensive and time-consuming version and patch management. This gives customers the ability to consume more data at a lower total cost of ownership compared with other solutions. 
 Multi-cloud and multi-region. Our platform is available on three major public clouds across 38 regional deployments around the world. These deployments are generally interconnected to provide a global and consistent user experience. 
 Seamless and secure collaboration. Our platform enables governed and secure sharing of live data within an organization and externally across customers and partners, generally without copying or moving the underlying data. When sharing data across regions and public clouds, our platform allows customers to easily replicate data and maintain a single source of truth. Our platform also enables organizations to securely share and monetize data products. 
 
 Key Benefits to our Customers 
 
 Our platform enables customers to: 
 
 Transform into data-driven businesses. Our platform eliminates data silos, empowers secure and governed access to data, and removes data management and infrastructure complexities. This enables organizations to drive greater insights, improve products and services, and pursue new business opportunities. 
 Consolidate data into a single, analytics-ready source of truth. Our platform simplifies our customers data infrastructure by centralizing data in an analytics-ready format. As a result, organizations are able to deliver secure, fast, and accurate decision making. It also simplifies governance and minimizes the errors, complexity, and costs associated with managing data silos. 
 Increase agility, augment insights, and create new monetization streams through seamless collaboration. Our platform allows customers to seamlessly share and consume live data across their organizations, and with their partners, customers, and suppliers, without moving the underlying data. Our platform also allows customers to unlock previously untapped monetization streams through creating and sharing data applications and data products. Customers can also leverage the Snowflake Marketplace, which provides access to hundreds of live, ready-to-query third-party data sets and data products across a wide range of categories. Through collaborating within and outside of their ecosystems, our customers are able to enhance insights and better reach, engage, and retain their end customers. 
 Benefit from a global multi-cloud strategy. Our platform delivers a consistent product experience across connected regions and public clouds. With a global multi-cloud strategy, organizations can optimize for the best features and functionality each public cloud provides, without becoming overly reliant on a single public cloud provider. Our customers can optimize their cloud costs, seamlessly migrate data among connected public clouds without having to alter existing security policies, and implement regional strategies, including to meet regulatory and data sovereignty requirements. 
 Reduce time spent managing infrastructure. Because we deliver our platform as a service, our customers can focus on driving immediate value from their data and not on managing complex and expensive infrastructure. 
 Enable greater data access through enhanced data governance. Security and governance, including the encryption of data in transit and at rest, were designed into our platform architecture. This provides customers with the confidence to share their data inside their organizations, as well as with their partners, customers, and suppliers, to unlock new insights and build new applications. 
 
 9 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our Growth Strategies 
 
 We intend to invest in our business to advance the Data Cloud through the adoption of our platform. Our growth strategies include: 
 
 Innovate and advance our platform. We have a history of technological innovation, releasing new features on a regular basis and making frequent updates to our platform. We intend to continue making significant investments in research and development and hiring top technical talent to enable new use cases, strengthen our technical lead in our platform s architecture, and increase our differentiation through enhanced collaboration capabilities. For example, in 2021 we launched Snowpark for Java to allow developers to build in the language of their choice, and we continue to expand Snowpark s capabilities and supported languages, most recently with Python in 2022. 
 Drive growth by acquiring new customers. We believe that nearly all organizations will eventually embrace a cloud strategy, and that the opportunity to continue growing our customer base, particularly with larger organizations and organizations with vast amounts of data, is substantial. To drive new customer growth, we intend to continue investing in sales and marketing, with a focus on replacing legacy solutions and big data offerings and providing industry-specific services. 
 Drive increased usage within our existing customer base. As customers realize the benefits of our platform, they typically increase their platform consumption by processing, storing, and sharing more data. We plan to continue investing in sales and marketing, with a focus on driving more consumption on our platform to grow large customer relationships, which lead to scale and operating leverage in our business model. 
 Expand our global footprint. As organizations around the world increase their public cloud adoption, we believe there is a significant opportunity to expand the use of our platform outside of North America. We continue to make investments in sales and marketing, research and development, customer support, and public cloud deployments across the EMEA, Asia-Pacific and Japan (APJ), and Latin America regions. 
 Expand data content and collaboration across our global ecosystem. Our platform provides an innovative way for organizations to collaborate and connect with data and data products, including through our Marketplace. We plan to continue investing in adding new customers, partners, data providers, data consumers, and forms of sharing to connect on our platform, and to drive market awareness of the Data Cloud. 
 Grow and invest in our partner network. Our Snowflake Partner Network is comprised of system integrators, resellers, data providers, and other services partners who help accelerate the adoption of our platform, and technology partners, who help provide end-to-end solutions to our customers. We plan to continue investing in building out our partner program to drive more consumption on our platform, broaden our distribution footprint, acquire new customers, and drive greater awareness of our platform. For example, we launched our Powered by Snowflake program in 2021 to help customers and partners build, operate, and grow their applications built using Snowflake, and we continue to invest in expanding the program. 
 
 Our Platform 
 
 Our platform unifies data and supports a growing variety of workloads, including data warehousing, data lakes, and Unistore, as well as collaboration, data engineering, cybersecurity, data science and machine learning, and application development. Customers can leverage our platform for any one of these workloads, but when taken together, it provides an integrated, end-to-end solution that delivers greater insights, faster data transformations, improved data sharing, and accelerated application development. Delivered as a service, our platform is deployed across multiple public clouds and regions, is easy to use, and requires near-zero maintenance. 
 10 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Workloads 
 Organizations use our platform to power the following workloads: 
 
 Data Warehouse. Our platform provides reporting and analytics to improve business intelligence. For Data Warehouse, our platform enables organizations to: 
 Support multiple users and activities concurrently. Enable multiple activities, such as repeatable analytics, rendering of dashboards, or ad hoc explorations, such as data science model training, with flexible compute capacity, no resource contention, and no provisioning of any infrastructure. 
 Generate comprehensive data insights. Customers can run queries on structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data to capitalize on a more comprehensive view of their data to drive maximum insights. 
 Simplify data governance. Gain immediate insight into data and usage patterns and set policies and configurations to maximize governance. 
 Data Lake. Our platform can serve as a central data repository without trade-offs in performance, security, or data governance. It can also augment existing data lakes with seamless access to external data and open formats. For Data Lake, our platform enables organizations to: 
 Build a modern scalable data lake in the cloud. Consolidate data into one centralized place with the scalability, security, and power of the cloud to enable real-time analytics on all data. Customers can rely on this centralized data repository to address a variety of use cases. 
 Enact better governance and security to enable broader data access. Simplify data governance and provide rich security and controls to ensure data is managed and accessed according to regulatory and corporate requirements. 
 Collaboration . Our platform enables organizations to securely share, monetize, and acquire live data sets and data products. For Collaboration, our platform enables organizations to: 
 Securely share live data . Build a private data exchange for employees across all parts of the organization to access, share, and analyze live data. 
 Acquire data sets to enrich analytics . Leverage public data sets on our Marketplace to enrich insights, augment analysis, and inform machine learning algorithms. 
 Monetize new data sets and data products . List data sets or data products to our Marketplace and tap into new monetization streams. 
 Invite external parties to access governed data . Invite customers, suppliers, and partners to securely access their data, streamline operations, and increase transparency. 
 Enable data clean rooms . Our platform enables data clean rooms, allowing organizations to design their own collaborative data environment in a privacy-compliant manner. 
 Easy data replication . Our platform allows for easy replication of data, accounts, policies, and pipelines for multiple users across multiple public cloud providers and regions without compromising data integrity and governance, enabling our customers and their users to rely on a single source of truth and achieve cross-cloud business continuity. 
 Data Engineering. Our platform enables data engineers, IT departments, data science teams, and business analytics teams to efficiently build and manage data pipelines using SQL, Python, or other programming languages to transform raw data into actionable data for business insights. For Data Engineering, our platform enables organizations to: 
 Drive faster decision making. Ingest data and transform it in real time to ensure access to up-to-date information to drive better business outcomes. 
 Dynamically meet peak business demands . Meet fluctuating business demands by instantly scaling resources up and down. 
 
 11 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Cybersecurity . Our platform helps eliminate data silos, which can enable robust analytics and better security outcomes. For Cybersecurity, our platform enables organizations to: 
 Accelerate security analytics . Unify logs, enterprise data, and contextual data sets to achieve better fidelity and automation. 
 
 Leverage customized resources . Access dynamically updated threat intelligence from our Marketplace and a wide network of connected applications that provide out-of-the-box integrations, content, and visualizations to enable initiatives such as threat detection and response. 
 
 Data Science and Machine Learning. A majority of data science efforts involve transforming massive amounts of raw data at scale to enable advanced analytics, such as advanced statistical analysis and machine learning techniques. For Data Science and Machine Learning, our platform enables organizations to: 
 Accelerate transformations across massive data sets. Store and transform data at scale with the massive scalability and performance of the public cloud. 
 Integrate with leading data science tools and languages. Manage resources for data transformation and use leading data science tools, with the support of Scala, R, Java, and Python, to build machine learning algorithms in a single cloud platform. 
 Application Development. Our platform can power new applications as well as enable existing applications with capabilities for reporting and analytics. For Application Development, our platform enables organizations to: 
 Develop analytical applications. Build data applications with our platform serving as the analytical engine to provide massive scalability and insights with minimal operational overhead. 
 Embed Snowflake into existing applications. Feed data and analytics directly into business applications in the context of daily workstreams. 
 Architecture 
 Our platform was built from the ground up to take advantage of the cloud, and is built on an innovative multi-cluster, shared data architecture. It consists of three independently scalable layers deployed and generally connected globally across public clouds and regions: 
 
 Centralized storage. The storage layer is based on scalable cloud storage and can manage structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. It can be grown independently of compute resources, allowing for maximum scalability and elasticity, and ensures a single, persistent copy of the data. The stored data is automatically partitioned, and metadata is extracted during loading to enable efficient processing. 
 Multi-cluster compute. The compute layer is designed to capitalize on the instant elasticity and performance of the public cloud. Compute clusters can be spun up and down easily within seconds, enabling our platform to retrieve the optimal data required from the storage layer to answer queries and transform data with optimized price-performance. This functionality allows a multitude of users and use cases to operate on a single copy of the data. 
 Cloud services. The cloud services layer acts as the brain of the platform ensuring the different components work in unison to deliver a consistent user-friendly customer experience. It performs a variety of tasks, including security operations, system monitoring, query optimization, and metadata and state tracking throughout the platform. 
 This architecture is built on three major public clouds across 38 regional deployments around the world. These deployments are generally interconnected through our Snowgrid technology to deliver the Data Cloud, enabling a global and consistent user experience. 
 
 12 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our Technology 
 
 Innovation is at the core of our culture. We have developed innovative technology across our platform, including managed service, storage, query capabilities, compute model, data sharing, global infrastructure, and integrated security. 
 
 Managed Service 
 High availability. Within a region, all components of our platform are distributed over multiple data centers to ensure high availability. Hardware and software problems are automatically detected and addressed by the system, with full transparency to our customers. 
 Transactions. Our platform supports full ACID compliant transactional integrity, ensuring that data remains consistent even when our platform is concurrently used by many users and use cases. 
 Data availability and recovery. Our platform provides customers the ability to replicate data across various deployments, create point-in-time consistent snapshots of data, and view or recover deleted or changed data over a configured period of time. This allows customers to avoid difficult trade-offs between high recovery times, data loss, or downtime. 
 Storage 
 Columnar data. Our platform stores data in a proprietary columnar representation, which optimizes the performance of analytical and reporting queries. It also provides high compression ratios, resulting in economic benefits for customers. 
 Micro-partitioning. Our platform automatically partitions all data it stores without the need for user specification or configuration. It creates small files called micro partitions based on size, enabling optimizations in query processing to retrieve only the data relevant for user queries, simplifying user administration and enhancing performance. 
 Metadata. When data is ingested, our platform automatically extracts and stores metadata to speed up query processing. It does so by collecting data distribution information for all columns in every micro-partition. 
 Semi-structured and unstructured data. In addition to structured, relational data, our platform supports semi-structured data, including JSON, Avro, and Parquet, and unstructured data, including PDF documents, screenshots, recordings, and images. Data in these formats can be ingested and queried with performance comparable to a relational, structured representation. 
 Query Capabilities. Our platform is engineered to query petabytes of data. It implements support for a large subset of the ANSI SQL standard for read operations and data modification operations. Our platform provides additional features, including: 
 Time travel. Our platform keeps track of all changes happening to a table, which enables customers to query previous versions based on their preferences. Customers can query as of a relative point in time or as of an absolute point in time. This has a broad array of use cases for customers, including error recovery, time-based analysis, and data quality checks. 
 Cloning. Our architecture enables us to offer zero-copy cloning, an operation by which entire tables, schemas, or databases can be duplicated or cloned without having to copy or duplicate the underlying data. Our platform leverages the separation between cloud services and storage to be able to track independent clones of objects sharing the same physical copy of the underlying data. This enables a variety of customer use cases such as making copies of production data for data scientists, creating custom snapshots in time, or testing data pipelines. 
 13 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Compute Model. Our platform offers a variety of capabilities to operate on data, from ingestion to transformation, as well as rich query and analysis. Our compute services are primarily presented to users in one of two models, either through explicit specification of compute clusters or through a number of serverless features. 
 Compute Clusters. Our platform exposes compute clusters as a core concept. Our customers are able to create as few or as many compute clusters as they want and specify compute capacity at tiered levels. These clusters can be configured to run only when needed, with cluster instantiation operations typically completed in seconds. Compute clusters can also be configured as a multi-cluster warehouse in which our platform can automatically add and remove additional instances of a given cluster to address variations in query demands. This gives us the ability to offer extremely high levels of concurrency with a simple configuration specification. We also offer warehouse recommendations for workloads that have large memory requirements, such as machine learning use cases. 
 Serverless features. We offer a number of additional services that automatically provide the capacity our customers require. For example, our data ingestion service automatically ingests data from cloud storage and allocates compute capacity based on the amount of data ingested; our clustering service continuously rearranges the physical layout of data to ensure conformity with clustering key specifications, improving performance; our materialized views service propagates changes from underlying tables to views that have materialized subsets or summaries; our replication service moves data between regions or clouds; our search optimization service analyzes changes in data, maintains information that speeds up lookup queries, and accelerates queries performing lookups of specific values; and our query acceleration service automatically offloads parts of eligible queries to shared, flexible compute clusters to handle high-burst workloads. 
 Data Sharing. In our platform, data sharing is defined through access control and not through data movement. As such, the data consumer sees no latency relative to updates from the data provider, and incurs no cost to move or transform data to make it usable. Based on the same technology principles, our platform enables data clean rooms. 
 Global Infrastructure 
 Database replication. Our platform enables customers to replicate data from one region or public cloud to another region or public cloud while maintaining transactional integrity. 
 Business continuity. Our platform enables failing over and failing back a database and redirecting clients transparently across regions or public clouds. This provides an integrated and global disaster recovery capability. 
 Global listings for sharing. Our platform enables a listing to be published globally to access consumers across regions or public clouds. 
 Built-in Security. We built our platform with security as a core tenet. Our platform provides a number of capabilities for customers to confidently use our platform while preserving the security requirements of their organizations, including: 
 Authentication. Our platform supports rich authentication capabilities, including federated authentication with a variety of identity providers, as well as support for multi-factor authentication. 
 Access control. Our platform provides a fine-grained security model based on role-based access control. It provides granular privileges on system objects and actions. 
 Data encryption. Our platform encrypts all data, both in motion and at rest, and simplifies operations by providing automatic re-keying of data. It also supports customer-managed keys, where an additional layer of encryption is provided by keys controlled by customers, giving them the ability to control access to the data. 
 
 14 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Sales and Marketing 
 
 We sell our platform primarily through our direct sales team, which consists of field sales and inside sales professionals segmented by customer industry, size, and region. Our direct sales team is primarily focused on new customer acquisitions and driving increased usage of our platform by existing customers. The breadth of our platform allows us to engage at every level of an organization, including data analysts and data engineers through our self-service model and senior executives through our direct sales team. The substantial majority of our global sales and marketing efforts are carried out by teams located in North America. Outside of North America, we have dedicated direct sales teams for the EMEA and APJ regions for organizations of all sizes. 
 
 Many organizations initially adopt our platform through a self-service trial on our website. We deploy a range of marketing strategies to drive traffic to our website and usage of our platform. Our marketing team combines the creation of inbound demand with direct marketing, business development, and efforts targeted at business and technology leaders. 
 
 Partnerships 
 
 Our partnership strategy is focused on delivering complete end-to-end solutions for our customers, driving general awareness of our platform, and broadening our distribution and reach to new customers. Our Snowflake Partner Network is a global program that manages our business relationships with a broad-based network of companies. Our partnerships consist of channel partners, system integrators, data providers, and other technology partners. Collectively, these partners help us source leads, execute transactions, and provide training and implementation of our platform. Our system integrator partners help make the adoption of and migration to our platform easier by providing implementations, value-added professional services, managed services, and resale services. Our technology partners provide strategic value to our customers by providing software tools, such as data loading, business intelligence, machine learning, data governance, and security, as well as data sets on our Marketplace, to augment the capabilities of our platform. We continue to invest in formal alliances with the leading consulting, data management, and implementation service providers to help our customers migrate their legacy database solutions to the cloud. Over time, we expect our partner network to drive more customers and consumption to our platform. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Our research and development organization is responsible for the design, development, testing, and delivery of new technologies, features, integrations, and improvements of our platform. It is also responsible for operating and scaling our platform, including the underlying public cloud infrastructure. Our research and development employees are located primarily in or around Bellevue, Washington and San Mateo, California in the United States, and internationally in Berlin, Germany; Toronto, Canada; and Warsaw, Poland. 
 
 Our research and development organization consists of teams specializing in software engineering, user experience, product management, data science, technical program management, and technical writing. As of January 31, 2023, we had 1,378 employees in our research and development organization. We intend to continue to invest in our research and development capabilities to expand our platform. 
 
 Our Competition 
 
 The markets we serve are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. With the introduction of new technologies and innovations, we expect the competitive environment to remain intense. Our competition includes the following: 
 
 large, well-established, public cloud providers that generally compete in all of our markets, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure (Azure), and Google Cloud Platform (GCP); 
 less-established public and private cloud companies with products that compete in some of our markets; 
 other established vendors of legacy database solutions or big data offerings; and 
 new or emerging entrants seeking to develop competing technologies. 
 15 

Ta ble of Contents 

 We believe we compete favorably based on the following competitive factors: 
 
 ability to provide and innovate around an architecture that is purpose-built for the cloud; 
 ability to efficiently and seamlessly ingest diverse data types in one location at scale; 
 ability to drive business value and ROI; 
 ability to support multiple use cases in one platform, including various industry-specific use cases; 
 ability to provide seamless and secure access of data to many users simultaneously; 
 ability to seamlessly and securely share and move data across public clouds or regions; 
 ability to provide a consistent user experience across multiple public cloud providers; 
 ability to provide pricing transparency and optimized price-performance benefits; 
 ability to elastically scale up and scale down in high-intensity use cases; 
 ease of deployment, implementation, and use; 
 choice of programming language; 
 performance, scalability, and reliability; 
 security and governance; and 
 quality of service and customer satisfaction. 
 See the section titled Risk Factors for a more comprehensive description of risks related to competition. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Historically, we have received a higher volume of orders from new and existing customers in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. As a result, we have historically seen higher non-GAAP free cash flow in the first and fourth fiscal quarters of each year, and our sequential growth in remaining performance obligations has historically been highest in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. For more information, including a definition of non-GAAP free cash flow and a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), see the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 General 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 5,884 employees operating across 33 countries. None of our employees are represented by a labor union with respect to his or her employment. In certain countries in which we operate, such as France, we are subject to, and comply with, local labor law requirements, which include works councils and industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 Location 
 We are a Delaware corporation with a globally distributed workforce. We recruit and hire employees in jurisdictions around the world based on a range of factors, including the available talent pool, the type of work being performed, the relative cost of labor, regulatory requirements and costs, and other considerations. Some of our employees continue to work remotely following the COVID-19 pandemic, but the majority of our workforce has returned to physical offices. 
 Culture and Engagement 
 We consider our culture and employees to be important to our success. Our culture is driven by our core company values: 
 16 

Ta ble of Contents 

Put Customers First : We only succeed when our customers succeed, so we focus on what matters most to them. 
 
 Integrity Always : We are open, honest, and respectful. 
 
 Think Big : We set big goals that will make a positive impact and a lasting difference. 
 
 Be Excellent : We hold ourselves to the highest standards to achieve quality and excellence in everything we do. 
 
 Make Each Other the Best : We bring ideas and people together through respect and collaboration. 
 
 Get it Done : We follow through on our commitments and deliver results. 
 
 Own It : We hold ourselves accountable at all times. 
 
 Embrace Each Other s Differences : We are mindful that everyone has different experiences, and we use our differences to strengthen who we are. 
 Total Rewards 
 We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team, and we measure employee performance against our company values. We are dependent on our management, highly-skilled software engineers, and sales personnel, and it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain valuable employees. To facilitate attraction and retention, we strive to provide opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by strong compensation and benefits programs. 
 
 We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees, and we award equity compensation to certain employees that is designed to align our employees interests with those of our stockholders. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local legal requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Intellectual property rights are important to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, and other contractual protections, to protect our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary technology, software, know-how, and brand. We use open source software in our platform. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we held 486 issued U.S. patents and had 311 U.S. patent applications pending. We also held 117 issued patents in foreign jurisdictions. Our issued patents are scheduled to expire between January 2024 and July 2042. As of January 31, 2023, we held 27 registered trademarks in the United States, and also held 363 registered or protected trademarks in foreign jurisdictions. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. 
 
 Although we rely on intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, creation of new services, features and functionality, and frequent enhancements to our platform are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. 
 
 17 

Ta ble of Contents 

 We control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers, and partners. We require our employees, consultants, and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements, and we control and monitor access to our software, documentation, proprietary technology, and other confidential information. Our policy is to require all employees and independent contractors to sign agreements assigning to us any inventions, trade secrets, works of authorship, developments, processes, and other intellectual property generated by them on our behalf and under which they agree to protect our confidential information. In addition, we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our customers and partners. See the section titled Risk Factors for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our intellectual property. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules, and regulations. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those related to global trade, business acquisitions, consumer and data protection, environmental or related requirements or disclosures, and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in future periods. For more information on the potential impacts of government regulations affecting our business, see the section titled Risk Factors. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website address is www.snowflake.com. Information found on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file electronically with the SEC our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We make available on our website at www.snowflake.com, free of charge, copies of these reports and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 

Ta ble of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making an investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. You should not interpret our disclosure of any of the following risks to imply that such risks have not already materialized. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 We have experienced rapid revenue growth, which may not be indicative of our future performance, and we have a limited operating history, both of which make it difficult to forecast our future results of operations. 
 Our revenue was 2.1 billion, 1.2 billion, and 592.0 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As a result of our historical rapid growth, limited operating history, and unstable macroeconomic conditions, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations, including revenue, remaining performance obligations (RPO), and the percentage of RPO we expect to recognize as revenue in future periods, is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth and platform consumption. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. 
 
 Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including increased competition, changes to technology (including changes in software or underlying cloud infrastructure), and reduced demand for our platform as customers seek to optimize consumption, rationalize budgets, and prioritize cash flow management (including through shortened contract duration) in response to adverse economic conditions. In addition, we have recently seen, and may continue to see, our newer customers increase their consumption of our platform at a slower pace than our more tenured customers. As a result of the foregoing and our rapid revenue growth in prior periods, we expect our revenue growth rate to decline in future periods, and a decline in our revenue growth rate could adversely affect investors perceptions of our business, and negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. We have also encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described below. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. 
 We may not have visibility into our future financial position and results of operations. 
 Customers generally consume our platform by using compute, storage, and data transfer resources. Unlike a subscription-based business model, in which revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the subscription, we generally recognize revenue on consumption. Because our customers have flexibility in the timing of their consumption, we do not have the visibility into the timing of revenue recognition that a typical subscription-based software company has. There is a risk that customers will consume our platform more slowly than we expect, including in response to adverse macroeconomic conditions, and we have recently seen, and may continue to see, our newer customers increase their consumption of our platform at a slower pace than our more tenured customers. As a result, actual results may differ from our forecasts, and our results of operations in a given period should not be relied upon as indicative of future performance. 
 19 

Ta ble of Contents 

 We have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 We have experienced net losses in each period since inception. We generated net losses of 797.5 million, 679.9 million, and 539.1 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 2.7 billion and 1.9 billion, respectively. We expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods. In particular, we intend to continue to invest significant resources to further develop our platform, expand our sales, marketing, and professional services teams, and retain our employees. In addition, our platform currently operates on public cloud infrastructure provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure (Azure), and Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and our costs and gross margins are significantly influenced by the prices we are able to negotiate with these public cloud providers, which in certain cases are also our competitors. If we fail to meet any minimum commitments under these third-party cloud infrastructure agreements, we may be required to pay the difference, and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. We will also incur increased general and administrative expenses associated with our growth, including costs related to internal systems and operating as a public company. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, or our revenue growth rate may be slower than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset the increase in operating expenses resulting from these investments. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, or if we are unable to achieve the revenue growth that we expect from these investments, the value of our business and common stock may significantly decrease. 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 The markets in which we operate are rapidly evolving and highly competitive. As these markets continue to mature and new technologies and competitors enter such markets, we expect competition to intensify. Our current competitors include: 
 
 large, well-established, public cloud providers that generally compete in all of our markets, including AWS, Azure, and GCP; 
 less-established public and private cloud companies with products that compete in some of our markets; 
 other established vendors of legacy database solutions or big data offerings; and 
 new or emerging entrants seeking to develop competing technologies. 
 We compete based on various factors, including price, performance, breadth of use cases, multi-cloud availability, brand recognition and reputation, customer support, and differentiated capabilities, including ease of implementation and data migration, ease of administration and use, scalability and reliability, data governance, security and compatibility with existing standards, programming languages, and third-party products. Many of our competitors have substantially greater brand recognition, customer relationships, and financial, technical, and other resources than we do, and may be able to respond more effectively than us to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, customer requirements, and buying practices. 
 
 We currently only offer our platform on the public clouds provided by AWS, Azure, and GCP, which are also some of our primary competitors. Currently, a substantial majority of our business is run on the AWS public cloud. There is risk that one or more of these public cloud providers could use its respective control of its public clouds to embed innovations or privileged interoperating capabilities in competing products, bundle competing products, provide us unfavorable pricing, leverage its public cloud customer relationships to exclude us from opportunities, and treat us and our customers differently with respect to terms and conditions or regulatory requirements than it would treat its similarly situated customers. Further, they have the resources to acquire, invest in, or partner with existing and emerging providers of competing technology and thereby accelerate adoption of those competing technologies. All of the foregoing could make it difficult or impossible for us to provide products and services that compete favorably with those of the public cloud providers. 
 
 For all of these reasons, competition may negatively impact our ability to maintain and grow consumption of our platform or put downward pressure on our prices and gross margins, any of which could materially harm our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 20 

Ta ble of Contents 

 If we fail to innovate in response to changing customer needs, new technologies, or other market requirements, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We compete in markets that evolve rapidly. We believe that the pace of innovation will continue to accelerate as customers increasingly base their purchases of cloud data platforms on a broad range of factors, including performance and scale, markets addressed, types of data processed, ease of data ingestion, user experience and programming languages, use of artificial intelligence, and data governance and regulatory compliance. We introduced data warehousing on our platform in 2014 as our core use case, and our customers subsequently began using our platform for additional workloads, including data lake, data engineering, data science and machine learning, application development, cybersecurity, Unistore, and collaboration. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to innovate and increase customer adoption of our platform and the Data Cloud, including Snowflake Marketplace. Further, the value of our platform to customers is increased to the extent they are able to use it to process and access all types of data. We need to continue to invest in technologies, services, and partnerships that increase the types of data available and processed on our platform and the ease with which customers can ingest data into our platform. We must also continue to enhance our data sharing and marketplace capabilities so customers can share their data with internal business units, customers, and other third parties, acquire additional third-party data to combine with their own data in order to gain additional business insights, and develop and monetize applications on our platform. As we develop, acquire, and introduce new services and technologies, including those that may incorporate artificial intelligence and machine learning, we may be subject to new or heightened legal, ethical, and other challenges. In addition, our platform requires third-party public cloud infrastructure to operate. Currently, we use public cloud offerings provided by AWS, Azure, and GCP. We will need to continue to innovate to optimize our offerings for these and other public clouds that our customers require, particularly as we expand internationally. Further, the markets in which we compete are subject to evolving industry standards and regulations, resulting in increasing data governance and compliance requirements for us and our customers and partners. To the extent we expand further into the public sector and highly regulated countries and industries, our platform and operations may need to address additional requirements specific to those markets, including data sovereignty requirements. 
 
 If we are unable to enhance our platform or operations to keep pace with these rapidly evolving customer requirements, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive products at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely than our platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 If we or our third-party service providers experience an actual or perceived security breach or unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to our customers data, our data, or our platform, our platform may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our platform may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 Our platform processes, stores, and transmits our own sensitive data as well as customers and partners proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, such as personal information, protected health information, and financial data. Our platform is built on the infrastructure of third-party public cloud providers, such as AWS, Azure, and GCP. We also use third-party service providers and sub-processors to help us deliver services to our customers and their end-users, as well as for our internal business operations. These vendors may process, store, or transmit data of our employees, partners, customers, and customers end-users. Even though we may not control the security measures of these vendors, we may be responsible for any breach of such measures. 
 
 21 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Threats to information systems and data come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, internal and external personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors. We and the third parties on which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving cyber threats, including unauthorized intrusions, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware attacks, business email compromises, computer malware, social engineering attacks (including phishing), internal and external personnel misconduct or error, supply-chain attacks, software vulnerabilities, and software or hardware disruptions or failures, all of which are prevalent in our industry and our customers and partners industries. Furthermore, future business expansions or acquisitions could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities. The techniques used to sabotage or to obtain unauthorized access to our and our third-party providers platforms, systems, networks, or physical facilities in which data is stored or processed, or through which data is transmitted change frequently, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. In addition, ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly frequent and severe, and we may be unwilling or unable to make ransom payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. In general, cybersecurity breaches or efforts to mitigate security vulnerabilities could lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, diversion of funds, unexpected service interruptions, increased insurance costs, and other harm to our business, reputation, and competitive position. 
 
 We are a target of threat actors seeking unauthorized access to our or our customers or partners systems or data or to disrupt our operations or ability to provide our services. Threat actors may also exploit vulnerabilities in, or obtain unauthorized access to, platforms, systems, networks, or physical facilities utilized by our third-party service providers. Any security breach of our platform, our operational systems, our software (including open source software), our physical facilities, or the systems of our third-party service providers or sub-processors, or the perception that one has occurred, could result in litigation, indemnity obligations, regulatory enforcement actions, investigations, fines, penalties, mitigation and remediation costs, disputes, reputational harm, diversion of management s attention, and other liabilities and damage to our business. 
 
 We have contractual and other legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches. Such mandatory disclosures are costly and could lead to negative publicity, loss of customer or partner confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, diversion of management s attention, governmental investigations, and the expenditure of significant capital and other resources to respond to or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach. 
 
 A security incident may also cause us to breach, or lead to claims that we have breached, customer contracts or legal obligations. As a result, we could be subject to legal action (including the imposition of fines or penalties) and our customers could end their relationships with us. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. 
 
 Litigation resulting from security breaches may adversely affect our business. Unauthorized access to our platform, systems, networks, or physical facilities could result in litigation with our customers, our customers end-users, or other relevant stakeholders. These proceedings could force us to spend money in defense or settlement, divert management s time and attention, increase our costs of doing business, or adversely affect our reputation. We could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our platform capabilities in response to such litigation, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our insurance coverage may not be adequate for data security, indemnification obligations, or other liabilities. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements) could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Risks related to our systems and security breaches are likely to increase as we continue to expand our platform and geographic footprint, grow our customer and partner base, and process, store, and transmit increasingly large amounts of data. 
 
 In addition, some of our employees work remotely, including while traveling for business, which increases our cyber security risk, creates data accessibility concerns, and makes us more susceptible to security breaches or business disruptions. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects. 
 22 

Ta ble of Contents 

 We could suffer disruptions, outages, defects, and other performance and quality problems with our platform or with the public cloud and internet infrastructure on which it relies. 
 Our business depends on our platform to be available without disruption. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages, defects, and other performance and quality problems with our platform and with the public cloud and internet infrastructure on which our platform relies. These problems can be caused by a variety of factors, including introductions of new functionality, vulnerabilities, and defects in proprietary and open source software, human error or misconduct, natural disasters (such as tornadoes, earthquakes, or fires), capacity constraints, design limitations, denial of service attacks, or other security-related incidents. 
 
 Further, if our contractual and other business relationships with our public cloud providers are terminated, suspended, or suffer a material change to which we are unable to adapt, such as the elimination of services or features on which we depend, we could be unable to provide our platform and could experience significant delays and incur additional expense in transitioning customers to a different public cloud provider. 
 
 Any disruptions, outages, defects, and other performance and quality problems with our platform or with the public cloud and internet infrastructure on which it relies, or any material change in our contractual and other business relationships with our public cloud providers, could result in reduced use of our platform, increased expenses, including service credit obligations, and harm to our brand and reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We expect fluctuations in our financial results, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our results of operations, our stock price could decline. 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect our results of operations include the following: 
 
 fluctuations in demand for our platform or changes in our pricing model; 
 fluctuations in usage of our platform, including as a result of customer optimization efforts that result in reduced consumption to execute workloads; 
 our ability to attract new customers; 
 our ability to retain existing customers and drive their increased consumption of our platform; 
 customer expansion rates, particularly for newer customers who we have recently seen, and may continue to see, increase their consumption of our platform at a slower pace than our more tenured customers; 
 timing, amount, and cost of our investments to expand the capacity of our public cloud providers; 
 seasonality; 
 investments in new features, functionality, and programming languages, including investments in making our platform available to store and process highly regulated data or comply with new or existing data sovereignty requirements; 
 fluctuations in consumption resulting from the introduction of new features, technologies, or capabilities to our software, systems, or to underlying cloud infrastructure, including features or capabilities that may increase or decrease the consumption required to execute existing or future workloads, like better storage compression and cloud infrastructure processor improvements; 
 the timing and frequency of purchases; 
 the speed with which customers are able to migrate data onto our platform; 
 fluctuations or delays in purchasing decisions in anticipation of new products or enhancements by us or our competitors; 
 23 

Ta ble of Contents 

 changes in customers budgets and in the timing of their budget cycles and purchasing decisions; 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 
 the amount and timing of operating expenses, particularly research and development and sales and marketing expenses, including commissions; 
 the amount and timing of non-cash expenses, including stock-based compensation, goodwill impairments, and other non-cash charges; 
 the amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training, and integrating new employees and retaining and motivating existing employees; 
 the effects and timing of acquisitions and their integration; 
 general political, social, market, and economic conditions, uncertainty, or volatility, both domestically and internationally, as well as political, social, and economic conditions specifically affecting industries in which our customers and partners participate or on which they rely; 
 health epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the impact, or timing of our adoption, of new accounting pronouncements; 
 changes in regulatory or legal environments, including the interpretation or enforcement of regulatory or legal requirements, that may cause us to incur, among other things, expenses associated with compliance; 
 the overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by the mix of income we earn in the United States and in jurisdictions with different tax rates, the effects of stock-based compensation, and the effects of changes in our business; 
 the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period in which such laws are enacted or interpretations are issued and may significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period; 
 rising inflation and our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in the proportion of our revenue and expenses denominated or measured in foreign currencies; 
 fluctuations or impairments in, or the full loss of, the market values of our strategic investments or of our portfolio, including changes to the value or accessibility of our cash and cash equivalents as a result of economic conditions or bank failures; 
 fluctuations in interest rates; 
 changes in the competitive dynamics of our market, including consolidation among competitors or customers; and 
 significant security breaches of, technical difficulties with, or interruptions to, the delivery and use of our platform. 
 Any of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our results of operations to vary significantly or be adversely affected. If our results of operations fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class actions. 
 24 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and platform. 
 We must expand our sales and marketing organization to increase our sales to new and existing customers. We plan to continue expanding our direct sales force, both domestically and internationally, particularly our direct enterprise sales organization focused on sales to the world s largest organizations. We believe there is significant competition for experienced sales professionals with the necessary skills and technical knowledge, particularly as we target larger enterprise customers. It requires significant time and resources to effectively onboard new sales and marketing personnel. We also plan to continue to dedicate significant resources to sales and marketing programs that are industry-specific and focused on large organizations. Once a new customer begins using our platform, our sales team will need to continue to focus on expanding consumption with that customer. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources, including in industries and sales channels in which we have limited experience to date. Our business and results of operations will be harmed if our sales and marketing efforts generate increases in revenue that are smaller than anticipated. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop, integrate, and retain talented and effective sales personnel, if our new and existing sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 Sales efforts to large customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with respect to sales to smaller organizations. 
 Sales to large customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with sales to smaller organizations, such as longer sales cycles, more complex customer requirements, including our ability to partner with third parties that advise such customers or help them integrate their IT solutions, substantial upfront sales costs, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. For example, large customers may require considerable time to evaluate and test our platform or new features prior to making a purchase decision. In addition, large customers may be switching from legacy on-premises solutions when purchasing our products, and may rely on third parties with whom we do not have relationships when making purchasing decisions. A number of factors also influence the length and variability of our sales cycle, including the need to educate potential customers about the uses and benefits of our platform, the renegotiation of existing agreements to cover additional workloads, changing laws, the discretionary nature of purchasing and budget cycles, and the competitive nature of evaluation and purchasing approval processes. As a result, the length of our sales cycle, from identification of the opportunity to deal closure, may vary significantly from customer to customer, with sales to large enterprises typically taking longer to complete. We have also historically seen consumption growth from large enterprises take longer than when compared to smaller enterprises. Moreover, large customers often begin to deploy our products on a limited basis but nevertheless demand implementation services and negotiate pricing discounts, which increase our upfront investment in the sales effort with no guarantee that sales to these customers will justify our substantial upfront investment. If we fail to effectively manage these risks associated with sales cycles and sales to large customers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be affected. 
 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in cloud spending, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers and potential customers. Negative conditions or volatility in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth, financial and credit market fluctuations, bank failures, international trade relations, inflation, and interest rate fluctuations, or the existence of pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), political turmoil, natural catastrophes, warfare, or terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, Japan, or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in business investments, including spending on cloud technologies, and negatively affect the growth of our business. For example, the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has created volatility in the global capital markets and could have further global economic consequences, including disruptions of the global supply chain. In addition, unfavorable conditions in the general economy may negatively impact our customers budgets or cash flow, which could impact the contract terms, including payment terms, our customers demand from us. Competitors, many of whom are larger and have greater financial resources than we do, may respond to challenging market conditions by lowering prices in an attempt to attract our customers. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown, instability, or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. 
 25 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our growth depends on the development, expansion, and success of our partner relationships. 
 As part of our vision for the Data Cloud, we will need to grow and maintain a network of data providers, data consumers, and data application developers. The relationships we have with these partners, and that our partners have with our customers, provide our customers with enhanced value from our platform and the Data Cloud, including the Snowflake Marketplace. Our future growth will be increasingly dependent on the success of these relationships, and if we are unsuccessful in growing and maintaining these relationships or the types and quality of data supported by or available for consumption on our platform, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Additionally, a small but increasing portion of our revenue is generated as a result of our relationships with global system integrators, managed service providers, and resellers. Increasingly, we and our customers rely on these partners to provide professional services, including customer implementations and migrations from legacy solutions, and there may not be enough qualified partners available, or we may not be able to develop or maintain relationships with enough partners, to meet customer demand. While we provide our partners with training and other enablement programs, these programs may not be effective or utilized consistently, and our return on these investments may be lower than expected. In addition, new partners may require extensive training or significant time and resources to achieve productivity. If we fail to effectively manage and grow our network of these partners, or properly monitor the quality and efficacy of their interactions with our customers, our ability to attract and retain new customers and expand customer consumption of our platform may be impacted, and our operating results and growth rate may be harmed. 
 If we are unable to successfully manage the growth of our professional services business and improve our profit margin from these services, our operating results will be harmed. 
 Our professional services business, which performs implementation services for our customers, has grown larger and more complex as our product revenue has increased. We believe our future success depends in part on investment in professional services to facilitate customer code conversion and migration from legacy solutions and adoption of our platform, especially with large enterprises. As a result, our sales efforts have and will continue to be focused on helping our customers more quickly realize the value of our platform and the Data Cloud rather than on the profitability of our professional services business. We price our professional services based on the anticipated cost of those services and, as a result, we expect to improve the gross profit percentage of our professional services business over time. If we are unable to manage the growth of our professional services business and improve our profit margin from these services, our operating results, including our profit margins, will be harmed. 
 If we lose key members of our management team or are unable to attract and retain the executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business and future growth prospects may be harmed. 
 Our success depends in part on the continued services of Frank Slootman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Michael P. Scarpelli, our Chief Financial Officer, and our other executive officers, as well as our other key employees in the areas of research and development and sales and marketing. 
 
 From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team or other key employees resulting from the hiring or departure of these personnel. Our executive officers and other key employees are employed on an at-will basis, which means that these personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers, or the failure by our executive team to effectively work with our employees and lead our company could harm our business. 
 
 In addition, to execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially for engineers experienced in designing and developing cloud-based data platform products, experienced sales professionals, and expert customer support personnel. We also are dependent on the continued service of our existing software engineers because of the sophistication of our platform. 
 
 26 

Ta ble of Contents 

 In order to continue to hire and retain highly qualified personnel, we will need to continue to hire in new locations around the world and manage return to work and remote working policies, which may add to the complexity and costs of our business operations. From time to time, we have experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have, and the acceptance by these companies of remote or hybrid work environments may increase the competition for talent. In addition, prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the actual or perceived value of our equity awards declines or continues to experience significant volatility, or if our existing employees receive significant proceeds from liquidating their previously vested equity awards, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain key employees. Furthermore, current and prospective employees may believe that their equity award offers have limited upside, and our competitors may be able to offer more appealing compensation packages. In order to retain our existing employees and manage potential attrition, including as a result of recent stock price decreases and continued market volatility that impact the actual or perceived value of our equity awards, we may issue additional equity awards or provide our employees with increased cash compensation, which could negatively impact our results of operations and be dilutive to stockholders. Finally, if we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that we or these employees have breached our or their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. 
 
 We also believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to date and that the critical nature of the platform that we provide promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our employees. As our workforce becomes larger and more distributed around the world, we may not be able to maintain important aspects of our culture. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects would be harmed. 
 If the availability of our platform does not meet our service-level commitments to our customers, our current and future revenue may be negatively impacted. 
 We typically commit to our customers that our platform will maintain a minimum service-level of availability. If we are unable to meet these commitments, we may be obligated to provide customers with additional capacity, which could significantly affect our revenue. We rely on public cloud providers, such as AWS, Azure, and GCP, and any availability interruption in the public cloud could result in us not meeting our service-level commitments to our customers. In some cases, we may not have a contractual right with our public cloud providers that compensates us for any losses due to availability interruptions in the public cloud. Further, any failure to meet our service-level commitments could damage our reputation and adoption of our platform, and we could face loss of revenue from reduced future consumption of our platform. Any service-level failures could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We assume liability for data breaches, intellectual property infringement, and other claims, which exposes us to substantial potential liability. 
 In our customer contracts, we assume liability for security breaches and data protection claims caused by us and by certain third parties on which we rely. Our contracts with customers, investors, and other third parties may also include indemnification provisions under which we agree to defend and indemnify them against claims and losses arising from alleged infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of intellectual property rights and for other matters. Although we attempt to limit our liability and indemnity obligations and negotiate corresponding liability and indemnification rights with vendors that would require them to contribute to our indemnity obligations, we may not be successful in doing so, and an event triggering our liability or indemnity obligations could give rise to multiple claims involving multiple customers or other third parties. There is no assurance that our applicable insurance coverage, if any, would cover, in whole or in part, any such liability or indemnity obligations. We may be liable for up to the full amount of the contractual claims, which could result in substantial liability or material disruption to our business or could negatively impact our relationships with customers or other third parties, reduce demand for our platform, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 27 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify, pose integration challenges, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have in the past and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, joint ventures, and platform technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform, enhance our technology, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. Further, the proceeds we received from our initial public offering (IPO) in September 2020 increased the likelihood that we will devote resources to exploring larger and more complex acquisitions and investments than we have previously attempted. For example, in March 2022 we acquired Streamlit, Inc., a privately-held company which provides an open-source framework built to simplify and accelerate the creation of data applications, representing a larger and more complex acquisition than our prior endeavors. Any such acquisitions or investments may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable opportunities, whether or not the transactions are completed, and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties or unexpected costs assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel, or operations of any acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of an acquired company choose not to work for us, their software is not easily adapted to work with our platform, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management, or otherwise. Any such transactions that we are able to complete may not result in the synergies or other benefits we expect to achieve, which could result in substantial impairment charges. These transactions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 As part of our corporate development program, we invest in companies to support our key business initiatives. These companies range from early, growth stage companies still defining their strategic direction to mature companies with established revenue streams. Our strategic investments are subject to risk of inability to achieve the desired strategic synergies and partial or total loss of investment capital. Furthermore, our competitors may invest in these companies alongside us, and may obtain information about our corporate development program or other business plans. The financial success of our investment is typically dependent on an exit in favorable market conditions. To the extent any of the companies in which we invest are not successful, which can include failure to achieve strategic business objectives as well as failure to achieve a favorable exit, we could recognize an impairment or loss on all or part of our investment. In addition, in certain cases we may be required to consolidate one or more of our strategic investee s financial results into ours. Fluctuations in any such investee s financial results, due to general market conditions, bank failures, or otherwise, could negatively affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or the price of our common stock. If one or more of such investees fails to timely provide us with information necessary for the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and disclosures, we may be unable to report our financial results in a timely manner, which would negatively affect our business and the price of our common stock. 
 Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our remaining performance obligations. 
 Historically, we have received a higher volume of orders from new and existing customers in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. As a result, we have historically seen higher non-GAAP free cash flow in the first and fourth fiscal quarters of each year, and our sequential growth in remaining performance obligations has historically been highest in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. We expect this seasonality to become more pronounced as we continue to target large enterprise customers based on their procurement, budgeting, and deployment cycles. For more information, including a definition of non-GAAP free cash flow and a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, see the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 We do business with federal, state, local, and foreign governments and agencies, and heavily regulated organizations; as a result, we face risks related to the procurement process, budget, delays, and product decisions driven by statutory and regulatory determinations, termination of contracts, and compliance with government contracting requirements. 
 We provide our platform to the U.S. government, state and local governments, foreign governments, and heavily regulated organizations directly and through our partners. We have made, and may continue to make, significant investments to support future sales opportunities in the government sector, including obtaining government certifications. However, government certification requirements may change, we may be unable to achieve or sustain one or more required government certifications, or we may be required to make unexpected changes to our business or products in order to obtain or sustain such certifications. As a result, our ability to sell into the government sector could be restricted until we satisfy the requirements of such certifications. 
 28 

Ta ble of Contents 

A substantial majority of our sales to date to government entities have been made indirectly through our distribution and reseller partners. Doing business with government entities, whether directly or indirectly, presents a variety of risks. Many government entities need significant education regarding our business model, as well as the uses and benefits of our platform. The procurement process for governments and their agencies is highly competitive and time-consuming, and government decisions about their procurement needs may, in certain circumstances, be subject to political influence. To pursue these opportunities, we incur significant up-front time and expense, which subjects us to additional compliance risks and costs, without any assurance that we (or a third-party distributor or reseller) will win a contract. Beyond this, demand for our platform may be adversely impacted by public sector budgetary cycles, and funding availability that in any given fiscal cycle may be reduced or delayed, including in connection with an extended federal government shutdown. Further, if we or our partners are successful in receiving a competitive contract award, that award could be challenged by one or more competitive bidders in a legal action known as a bid protest. Bid protests may result in an increase in expenses related to obtaining or preserving contract awards or an unfavorable modification or loss of an award. In the event a bid protest is unsuccessful, the resulting delay in the startup and funding of the work under these contracts may cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. As a result of these lengthy and uncertain sales cycles, it is difficult for us to predict the timing of entering into customer agreements with government entities or with our distribution and reseller partners in the government market. 
 
 In addition, public sector customers may have contractual, statutory, or regulatory rights to terminate current contracts with us or our third-party distributors or resellers for convenience or default. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we may only be able to collect fees for platform consumption prior to termination and settlement expenses. If a contract is terminated due to a default, we may be liable for excess costs incurred by the customer for procuring alternative products or services or be precluded from doing further business with government entities. Further, entities providing products or services to governments, whether directly or indirectly, are required to comply with a variety of complex laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, and performance of government contracts. Such laws, regulations, and contractual provisions impose compliance obligations that are more burdensome than those typically encountered in commercial contracts, and they often give customers in the government market substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts. These rights and remedies may relate to intellectual property, price protection, the accuracy of information provided to the government, and termination rights. In addition, governments may use procurement requirements as an alternative to lawmaking, and impose stricter requirements than would apply to the commercial sector in areas that are not directly related to the purchase. These rules and requirements may apply to us or third-party resellers or distributors whose practices we may not control. Such parties non-compliance could result in repercussions for us with respect to contractual and customer satisfaction issues. 
 
 In addition, federal, state, and local governments routinely investigate and audit contractors for compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and contractual provisions. If, as a result of an audit or investigation, it is determined that we have failed to comply with applicable requirements, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits or payments we have received, costs associated with the triggering of price reduction clauses, fines, and suspensions or debarment from future government business, and we may suffer reputational harm. 
 
 Further, we are increasingly investing in doing business with customers and partners in heavily regulated industries, such as the financial services and health care industries. Existing and prospective customers, such as those in these industries, may be required to comply with more stringent regulations in connection with using and implementing our services or particular regulations regarding third-party vendors that may be interpreted differently by different customers. In addition, regulatory agencies may impose requirements toward third-party vendors generally, or our company in particular, that we may not be able to, or may not choose to, meet. In addition, customers in these heavily regulated areas and their regulators often have a right to conduct audits of our systems, products, and practices. In the event that one or more customers or their regulators determine that some aspect of our business does not meet regulatory requirements, we may be limited in our ability to continue or expand our business. 
 
 29 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our customers also include a number of non-U.S. governments, to which similar procurement, budgetary, contract, and audit risks of U.S. government contracting also apply, particularly in certain emerging markets where our customer base is less established. Such sales may also heighten our exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption laws. In addition, compliance with complex regulations, security certifications, and contracting provisions in a variety of jurisdictions can be expensive and consume significant financial and management resources. In certain jurisdictions, our ability to win business may be constrained by political and other factors unrelated to our competitive position in the market. Further, our business and results of operations will be harmed if our efforts to do business with governments and heavily regulated organizations do not generate the anticipated increases in revenue. Each of these difficulties could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Any litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 From time to time, we may become subject to legal proceedings and claims, such as claims brought by our customers in connection with commercial disputes, employment claims, including claims related to the loss of employee equity grants upon termination, intellectual property claims, or securities class actions or other claims related to volatility in the trading price of our common stock. Litigation might result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Insurance might not cover such claims, provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, or continue to be available on terms acceptable to us (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements). A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, potentially harming our business, financial position, and results of operations. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 Natural disasters, pandemics, and other catastrophic events could have an adverse impact on our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we, our partners, and our customers operate. 
 Our platform and the public cloud infrastructure on which our platform relies are vulnerable to damage or interruption from catastrophic events, such as earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures, military conflict or war, terrorist attacks, criminal acts, sabotage, other intentional acts of vandalism and misconduct, geopolitical events, and disease. Some of our United States corporate offices in which we operate and certain of the public cloud data centers on which our platform runs are located in the San Francisco Bay Area and Pacific Northwest, regions known for seismic activity. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our facilities or the facilities of our public cloud providers could result in disruptions, outages, and other performance and quality problems. 
 
 Similarly, the potential long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, its resurgence, or a new pandemic on the global economy and our business continue to be difficult to assess or predict. While many states and countries have reopened, the status of the global recovery remains uncertain and unpredictable. 
 
 If we are unable to develop and maintain adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a catastrophic event and to execute successfully on those plans if such an event occurs, our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Our current operations are international in scope, and we plan further geographic expansion, creating a variety of operational challenges. 
 A component of our growth strategy involves the further expansion of our operations and customer base internationally. Customer accounts outside the United States generated 21 of our revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. We are continuing to adapt to and develop strategies to address international markets, but there is no guarantee that such efforts will have the desired effect. For example, we anticipate that we will need to establish relationships with new partners in order to expand into certain countries, including China, and if we fail to identify, establish, and maintain such relationships, we may be unable to execute on our expansion plans. We expect that our international activities will continue to grow for the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue opportunities in existing and new international markets, which will require significant dedication of management attention and financial resources. 
 
 Our current and future international business and operations involve a variety of risks, including: 
 
 slower than anticipated public cloud adoption by international businesses; 
 30 

Ta ble of Contents 

 changes in a specific country s or region s political, economic, or legal and regulatory environment, including the effects of Brexit, pandemics, tariffs, trade wars, sanctions, or long-term environmental risks; 
 the need to adapt and localize our platform for China and other countries, including as a result of data sovereignty requirements, and the engineering and related costs that we may incur when making those changes; 
 greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable and longer payment cycles; 
 unexpected changes in, or the selective application of, trade relations, regulations, or laws; 
 new, evolving, and more stringent regulations relating to privacy and data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information; 
 differing and potentially more onerous labor regulations where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including regulations governing terminations in locations that do not permit at-will employment and deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations; 
 challenges inherent in efficiently managing, and the increased costs associated with, an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits, and compliance programs that are specific to each jurisdiction; 
 difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, and regulatory systems; 
 increased travel, real estate, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with international operations, including increased costs associated with changing and potentially conflicting environmental regulations and requirements; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue, RPO, and expenses, and the cost and risk of utilizing mitigating derivative transactions and entering into hedging transactions to the extent we do so in the future; 
 limitations on, or charges or taxes associated with, our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries; 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors or general market preferences for local vendors; 
 limited or insufficient intellectual property protection or difficulties obtaining, maintaining, protecting, or enforcing our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks and patents; 
 political instability, military conflict or war, or terrorist activities; 
 COVID-19 or any other pandemics or epidemics that could result in decreased economic activity in certain markets; additional costs associated with travel, return to work, or other restrictions that are specific to certain markets; decreased use of our products and services; or decreased ability to import, export, or sell our products and services to existing or new customers in international markets; 
 exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (FCPA), U.S. bribery laws, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; 
 burdens of complying with laws and regulations related to taxation; and 
 regulations, adverse tax burdens, and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult or costly to repatriate earnings and cash. 
 We expect to invest substantial time and resources to further expand our international operations and, if we are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and results of operations will suffer. 
 31 

Ta ble of Contents 

 We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings, including our IPO, and payments received from our customers. We cannot be certain if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business, which may require us to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, particularly during times of market volatility and general economic instability. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we incur debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to holders of common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to repurchase stock and pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future issuances of debt or equity securities. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of future issuances of debt or equity securities reducing the value of our common stock and diluting their interests. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our results of operations and our ability to invest and hold our cash. 
 Our sales are currently denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros, British pounds, Australian dollars, and Brazilian reals, and will likely be denominated in other currencies in the future. Because we report our results of operations and revenue in U.S. dollars, we currently face exposure to foreign currency translation risk and may in the future face other foreign currency risks. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with currency fluctuations, our results of operations could be adversely affected. For example, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar could increase the real cost of our platform to international customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, as our international operations expand, an increasing portion of our operating expenses is incurred outside the United States. These operating expenses are denominated in foreign currencies and are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Exposure to these risks and fluctuations could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting estimates prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere herein. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property rights may not protect our business or provide us with a competitive advantage. 
 To be successful, we must protect our technology and brand in the United States and other jurisdictions through trademarks, trade secrets, patents, copyrights, service marks, invention assignments, contractual restrictions, and other intellectual property rights and confidentiality procedures. Despite our efforts to implement these protections, they may not protect our business or provide us with a competitive advantage for a variety of reasons, including: 
 
 the failure by us to obtain patents and other intellectual property rights for important innovations or maintain appropriate confidentiality and other protective measures to establish and maintain our trade secrets; 
 32 

Ta ble of Contents 

 to the extent a customer or partner owns any intellectual property created through a professional services engagement, our inability to use or monetize that intellectual property as part of our business; 
 uncertainty in, and evolution of, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights; 
 potential invalidation of our intellectual property rights through administrative processes or litigation; 
 our inability to detect infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property rights by third parties; and 
 other practical, resource, or business limitations on our ability to enforce our rights. 
 Further, the laws of certain foreign countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not provide the same level of protection of corporate proprietary information and assets, such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, and records, as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property or proprietary rights abroad. We may also be exposed to material risks of theft or unauthorized reverse engineering of our proprietary information and other intellectual property, including technical data, data sets, or other sensitive information. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights in such foreign countries may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, if we are unable to prevent the disclosure of our trade secrets to third parties, or if our competitors independently develop any of our trade secrets, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could seriously harm our business. 
 
 Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation, whether or not resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us, divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, and result in counterclaims with respect to infringement of intellectual property rights by us. If we are unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property or are required to incur substantial expenses defending our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 We may become subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business. 
 We compete in markets where there are a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual and proprietary rights, as well as disputes regarding infringement of these rights. In addition, many of the holders of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual and proprietary rights have extensive intellectual property portfolios and greater resources than we do to enforce their rights. As compared to our large competitors, our patent portfolio is relatively undeveloped and may not provide a material deterrent to such assertions or provide us with a strong basis to counterclaim or negotiate settlements. Further, to the extent assertions are made against us by entities that hold patents but are not operating companies, our patent portfolio may not provide deterrence because such entities are not concerned with counterclaims. 
 
 Any intellectual property litigation to which we become a party may require us to do one or more of the following: 
 
 cease selling, licensing, or using products or features that incorporate the intellectual property rights that we allegedly infringe, misappropriate, or violate; 
 require us to change the name of our products or services; 
 make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments, or other costs or damages, including indemnification of third parties; 
 obtain a license or enter into a royalty agreement, either of which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, in order to obtain the right to sell or use the relevant intellectual property; or 
 redesign the allegedly infringing products to avoid infringement, misappropriation, or violation, which could be costly, time-consuming, or impossible. 
 33 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Intellectual property litigation is typically complex, time consuming, and expensive to resolve and would divert the time and attention of our management and technical personnel. It may also result in adverse publicity, which could harm our reputation and ability to attract or retain employees, customers, or partners. As we grow, we may experience a heightened risk of allegations of intellectual property infringement. An adverse result in any litigation claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we use open source software inconsistent with our policies and procedures or the license terms applicable to such software, we could be subject to legal expenses, damages, or costly remediation or disruption to our business. 
 We use open source software in our platform and in our professional service engagements. From time to time, companies that use third-party open source software have faced claims challenging the use of such open source software and their compliance with the terms of the applicable open source license. We may be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming non-compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms. Additionally, while we have policies and procedures in place designed to govern our use of open source software, there is a risk that we may incorporate open source software with onerous licensing terms, including the obligation to make our source code available for others to use or modify without compensation to us, or inadvertently use third-party open source software in a manner that exposes us to claims of non-compliance with the applicable terms of such license, including claims for infringement of intellectual property rights or for breach of contract. If we receive an allegation that we have violated an open source license, we may incur significant legal expenses, be subject to damages, be required to redesign our product to remove the open source software or publicly release certain portions of our proprietary source code, or be required to comply with onerous license restrictions, all of which could have a material impact on our business. Even in the absence of a claim, if we discover the use of open source software inconsistent with our policies, we could expend significant time and resources to replace the open source software or obtain a commercial license, if available. All of these risks are heightened by the fact that the ownership of open source software can be uncertain, leading to litigation, and many of the licenses applicable to open source software have not been interpreted by courts, and these licenses could be construed to impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. Any use of open source software inconsistent with our policies or licensing terms could harm our business and financial position. 
 Risks Related to Our Tax, Legal, and Regulatory Environment 
 We are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security, and the failure or perceived failure to comply with these obligations could result in significant fines and liability or otherwise result in substantial harm to our business and prospects. 
 We are subject to data privacy and protection laws, regulations, guidance, external and internal policies and other documentation, industry standards, certifications, and contractual and other obligations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage, use, and other processing of personal information. These obligations are rapidly evolving, extensive, complex, and include inconsistencies and uncertainties. Examples of recent and anticipated developments that have or could impact our business include the following: 
 
 The European Union s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the United Kingdom s General Data Protection Regulation established strict requirements applicable to the handling of personal information. 
 The EU has proposed the Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications, which, if adopted, would impose new obligations on using personal information in the context of electronic communications, particularly with respect to online tracking technologies and direct marketing. 
 Certain other jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal information transfer laws, such as Brazil and China, which could make it more difficult for us to transfer personal information across jurisdictions (such as transferring or receiving personal or other sensitive information that originates in the EU or China), or to enable our customers to transfer or replicate their data across jurisdictions using our platform. Existing mechanisms that may facilitate cross-border personal information transfers may change or be invalidated. An inability or material limitation on our ability to transfer personal data to the United States or other countries could materially impact our business operations and revenue. 
 34 

Ta ble of Contents 

 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted or proposed data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides increased privacy rights and protections, including the ability of individuals to opt out of specific disclosures of their personal information. Further, as of January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA) has expanded the CCPA and established the California Privacy Protection Agency for purposes of implementing and enforcing the CPRA, which could increase the risk of an enforcement action. Other U.S. states have adopted, or are considering adopting, similar laws. 
 Other government bodies have implemented laws and are considering further regulating artificial intelligence and machine learning, which could negatively impact our ability to use these technologies. Further, there is a proposed regulation in Europe related to artificial intelligence that, if adopted, could impose onerous obligations related to the use of AI-related systems. We may have to change our business practices to comply with such obligations, which may be difficult, onerous, and costly. 
 The certifications we may maintain and the standards that may apply to our business, such as the U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program, PCI-DSS, ISO/IEC 27001, HI-TRUST CSF, StateRAMP, among others, are becoming more stringent. 
 These and other similar legal and regulatory developments could contribute to legal and economic uncertainty, increase our exposure to liability, affect how we design, market, and sell our platform, and how we operate our business, how our customers and partners process and share data, how we process and use data, and how we transfer personal data from one jurisdiction to another, any of which could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions, and/or negatively impact the types of data available on or the demand for our platform. It is possible that new laws may be adopted or existing laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices and our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. We may incur substantial costs to comply with such laws and regulations, to meet the demands of our customers relating to their own compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and to establish and maintain internal policies, self-certifications, and third-party certifications supporting our compliance programs. Our customers may delegate certain of their GDPR compliance or other privacy law obligations to us, and we may otherwise be required to expend resources to assist our customers with such compliance obligations. 
 
 Although we endeavor to comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, any actual or perceived non-compliance with such obligations by us or our third-party service providers and sub-processors could result in proceedings, investigations, or claims against us by regulatory authorities, customers, or others, leading to reputational harm, higher liability and indemnity obligations, significant fines, litigation costs, additional reporting requirements or oversight, bans on processing personal information, orders to destroy or not use personal information, limitations in our ability to develop or commercialize our platform, inability to process personal information or operate in certain jurisdictions, and other damages. For example, if regulators assert that we have failed to comply with the GDPR, we may be subject to fines of up to EUR 20.0 million or 4 of our worldwide annual revenue, whichever is greater, as well as potential data processing restrictions and penalties. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws and other obligations, investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity. In addition, any failure by us or our third-party service providers to comply with applicable obligations could result in proceedings against us. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may publish privacy policies and other documentation regarding our collection, processing, use, and disclosure of personal information, or other confidential information. Although we endeavor to comply with our published policies, certifications, and documentation, we or our vendors may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or failed to comply with data protection laws or applicable privacy notices even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 
 35 

Ta ble of Contents 

 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, U.S. domestic bribery laws, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct business. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. As we increase our international sales, including in China, and sales to the public sector, we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market or resell our products and to obtain necessary permits, licenses, and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 
 
 While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, there is a risk that our employees, agents, and other third parties with which we do business, including reseller and system integrator partners, will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we expand internationally and into the public sector market, our risks under these laws may increase. 
 
 Detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources, and attention from senior management. In addition, noncompliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, or anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal proceeding, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. 
 Our platform is subject to U.S. export controls, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, and we incorporate encryption technology into our platform. This encryption technology may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations, including by license, a license exception, or other appropriate government authorizations, including the filing of an encryption classification request or self-classification report. 
 
 Obtaining the necessary export license or other authorization for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions laws and regulations administered by various U.S. agencies, including the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, that prohibit the sale or supply of most products and services to embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties. Violations of U.S. sanctions or export control regulations can result in significant fines or penalties and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers. 
 
 If our channel partners fail to obtain appropriate import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm, as well as other negative consequences, including government investigations and penalties. 
 
 36 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our platform in those countries. Changes in our platform or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our platform in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from using our platform globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our platform to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. From time to time, various governmental agencies have proposed additional regulation of encryption technology. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions, or related legislation, increased export and import controls, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our platform by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our platform to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our platform or limitation on our ability to export or sell our platform would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our international operations may subject us to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 
 We are expanding our international operations to better support our growth into international markets. Our corporate structure and associated transfer pricing policies contemplate future growth in international markets, and consider the functions, risks, and assets of the various entities involved in intercompany transactions. The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions may depend on the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities, changes in tax rates, new or revised tax laws or interpretations of existing tax laws and policies, and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for pricing intercompany transactions pursuant to our intercompany arrangements or disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a challenge or disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows, and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency. 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under, including income and non-income taxes, are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws, regulations, or rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. For example, 2017 legislation informally titled the Tax Act significantly reformed the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Recently, the United States passed the Inflation Reduction Act, which provides for a minimum tax equal to 15 of the adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations, as well as a 1 excise tax on share repurchases. In February 2023, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 2.0 billion of our common stock through a stock repurchase program. We do not expect the excise tax on share repurchase programs to have a material impact on our aggregate tax liability. Many countries in Europe, as well as a number of other countries and organizations, including the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and the European Commission, have recently proposed, recommended, or (in the case of countries) enacted or otherwise become subject to changes to existing tax laws or new tax laws that could significantly increase our tax obligations in the countries where we do business or require us to change the manner in which we operate our business. These proposals, recommendations and enactments include changes to the existing framework in respect of income taxes, as well as new types of non-income taxes (such as taxes based on a percentage of revenue or taxes applicable to digital services), which could apply to our business. 
 
 Due to the large and expanding scale of our international business activities, these types of changes to the taxation of our activities could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position. Such changes may also apply retroactively to our historical operations and result in taxes greater than the amounts estimated and recorded in our financial statements. We continue to monitor the impact of new global and U.S. legislation on our effective tax rate. 
 37 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited. 
 We have incurred substantial losses during our history, do not expect to become profitable in the near future, and may never achieve profitability. Unused U.S. federal net operating losses (NOLs) for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018 may be carried forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused NOLs expire. Under the Tax Act, as modified by 2020 legislation referred to as the CARES Act, U.S. federal NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such U.S. federal NOLs in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80 of such year s taxable income. At the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had U.S. federal, state, and foreign NOL carryforwards of 5.8 billion, 5.1 billion, and 159.0 million, respectively. Of the 5.8 billion U.S. federal NOL carryforwards, 5.7 billion may be carried forward indefinitely with utilization limited to 80 of taxable income, and the remaining 0.1 billion will begin to expire in 2032. The state NOL carryforwards begin to expire in 2023. Of the 159.0 million foreign NOL carryforwards, 150.2 million may be carried forward indefinitely, and the remaining 8.8 million will begin to expire in 2027. 
 
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Code, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of our stock increasing their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. It is possible that we have experienced or may experience ownership changes as a result of shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. This could limit the amount of NOLs that we can utilize annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. Subsequent ownership changes and changes to the U.S. tax rules in respect of the utilization of NOLs may further affect the limitation in future years. 
 Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there are many transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We believe that our provision for income taxes is reasonable, but the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods in which such outcome is determined. 
 
 Our effective tax rate could increase due to several factors, including: 
 
 changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; 
 changes in tax laws, tax treaties, and regulations or the interpretation of them; 
 changes to our assessment about our ability to realize our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic and political environments in which we do business; 
 the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations, or administrative appeals; and 
 the effects of acquisitions. 
 Any of these developments could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile and may fluctuate or decline substantially as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or results of operations; 
 38 

Ta ble of Contents 

 variance in our actual or projected financial performance from expectations of securities analysts; 
 changes in the pricing or consumption of our platform; 
 updates to our projected operating and financial results; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions, investments, or new offerings; 
 significant data breaches, disruptions to, or other incidents involving our platform; 
 our involvement in litigation; 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 fluctuations in company valuations, particularly valuations of high-growth or cloud companies, perceived to be comparable to us 
 the trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; 
 our issuance or repurchase of shares of our common stock; and 
 general political, social, economic, and market conditions. 
 Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory, and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes, or international currency fluctuations, may also negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In addition, technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial expenses and divert our management s attention. 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Many of our stockholders who held our capital stock prior to completion of our IPO have substantial unrecognized gains on the value of the equity they hold based upon the price at which shares were sold in our IPO, and therefore, they may take steps to sell their shares or otherwise secure the unrecognized gains on those shares. We are unable to predict the timing of or the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 
 The shares of common stock subject to outstanding options and restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) under our equity incentive plans, and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans, will become eligible for sale in the public market upon issuance, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
 Further, certain holders of our common stock have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering the sale of their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. 
 39 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
 We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees, non-employee directors, and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we have and may continue to acquire or make investments in companies, products, or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 
 We may not realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of our stock repurchase program, and any failure to repurchase our common stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our stock price. 
 In February 2023, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 2.0 billion of our common stock through a stock repurchase program. Repurchases may be effected, from time to time, either on the open market (including via pre-set trading plans), in privately negotiated transactions, or through other transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws. The program expires in March 2025. 
 
 The timing and amount of any repurchases will be determined by management based on an evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. Any failure to repurchase stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation, investor confidence in us, or our stock price. 
 
 The existence of our stock repurchase program could cause our stock price to be higher than it otherwise would be and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance that it will do so because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchase shares, and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the effectiveness of the program. Repurchasing our common stock reduces the amount of cash we have available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions or investments, other business opportunities, and other general corporate projects, and we may fail to realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of any stock repurchase program. 
 If securities or industry analysts publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, the market price or trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock is heavily influenced by the way analysts interpret our financial information and other disclosures. We do not have control over these analysts. If securities analysts or industry analysts cease coverage of us, our stock price would be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts downgrade our common stock or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely decline. Further, investors and analysts may not understand how our consumption-based business model differs from a subscription-based business model. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us, publish inaccurate research about our business, or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our common stock. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, the ability of the holders of our common stock to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, holders of our common stock may need to rely on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 40 

Ta ble of Contents 

 We incur significant costs operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including those related to climate change and other environmental, social, and governance focused disclosures, are creating uncertainty for public companies. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to continue to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we will incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. 
 As a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (Section 404), to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our compliance with Section 404 requires that we incur substantial expenses and expend significant management efforts. We have established an internal audit group, and as we continue to grow, we will hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and update the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. 
 
 During the evaluation and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 41 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 
 authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights, and preferences determined by our board of directors that may be senior to our common stock; 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
 specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, or our Chief Executive Officer; 
 establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 
 establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 
 prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 provide that our directors may only be removed for cause; 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 
 require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of voting stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. Any of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and they could deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that holders of our common stock would receive a premium for their shares of our common stock in an acquisition. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which will restrict our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 42 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We are a Delaware corporation with a globally distributed workforce. We recruit and hire employees in jurisdictions around the world based on a range of factors, including the available talent pool, the type of work being performed, the relative cost of labor, regulatory requirements and costs, and other considerations. The majority of our workforce began working remotely in April 2020 and although some of our employees continue to work remotely following the COVID-19 pandemic, the majority of our workforce has returned to physical offices. We currently lease offices in the United States, including in Atlanta, Georgia; Bellevue, Washington; Boston, Massachusetts; Bozeman, Montana; Denver, Colorado; Dublin, California; San Mateo, California; and Washington, D.C. We also have offices in multiple locations in Canada, Europe, and the APJ and EMEA regions. All of our offices are leased, and we do not own any real property. While we believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our foreseeable needs, we intend to expand our facilities in the future as we continue to add employees around the world. We believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our future growth. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we have been and will continue to be subject to legal proceedings and claims. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves, our partners, and our customers by determining the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 43 

Ta ble of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Price of Our Class A Common Stock 
 
 Our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, under the symbol SNOW and began trading on September 16, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were 157 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock. The actual number of holders of our Class A common stock is greater than the number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or other nominees. The number of holders of record presented here also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 
 On March 1, 2021, all shares of our then-outstanding Class B common stock were automatically converted into the same number of shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. See Note 12, Equity, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 
 In connection with our acquisition of the outstanding capital stock of Streamlit, Inc. in March 2022, we agreed to issue 2.3 million shares of our common stock as consideration (Equity Consideration), all of which have been issued. A portion of the Equity Consideration that was issued to Streamlit s founders (Founder Shares) are subject to vesting agreements pursuant to which the Founder Shares vest over three years, subject to each founder s continued employment with Snowflake or its affiliates. See Note 12, Equity, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 These issuances were made in reliance on one or more of the following exemptions or exclusions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act): Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 
 On September 18, 2020, we closed our IPO of 32.2 million shares of our Class A common stock at an offering price of 120.00 per share, including 4.2 million shares pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of our Class A common stock, resulting in gross proceeds to us of 3.7 billion, net of the underwriting discounts. All of the shares issued and sold in our IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248280), which was declared effective by the SEC on September 15, 2020. We incurred offering expenses of approximately 0.3 million. 
 
 Immediately subsequent to the closing of our IPO, each of Salesforce Ventures LLC and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. purchased from us approximately 2.1 million shares of our Class A common stock at a price per share equal to the IPO price of 120.00 per share in two concurrent private placements. We received aggregate proceeds of 500.0 million and did not pay underwriting discounts with respect to the shares of Class A common stock that were sold in these private placements. 
 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our Final Prospectus for our IPO dated as of September 15, 2020 and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) on September 16, 2020. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act. 
 
 The graph below shows the cumulative total return to our stockholders between September 16, 2020 (the date that our Class A common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange) through January 31, 2023 in comparison to the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Information Technology Index. The graph assumes (i) that 100 was invested in each of our Class A common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the S P 500 Information Technology Index at their respective closing prices on September 16, 2020 and (ii) reinvestment of gross dividends. The stock price performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future stock price performance. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 44 

Ta ble of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion, particularly information with respect to our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should review the disclosure under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 
 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, is included in the section titled Key Business Metrics. This non-GAAP financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. We encourage investors to carefully consider our results under GAAP, as well as our supplemental non-GAAP information and the GAAP-to-non-GAAP reconciliation included in the section titled Key Business Metrics Free Cash Flow, to more fully understand our business. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this report to Snowflake, the Company, we, our, us, or similar terms refer to Snowflake Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 can be found in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022. 

Overview 
 We believe in a data connected world where organizations have seamless access to explore, share, and unlock the value of data. To realize this vision, we deliver the Data Cloud, a network where Snowflake customers, partners, developers, data providers, and data consumers can break down data silos and derive value from rapidly growing data sets in secure, governed, and compliant ways. 
 
 Our platform is the innovative technology that powers the Data Cloud, enabling customers to consolidate data into a single source of truth to drive meaningful business insights, build data applications, and share data and data products. We provide our platform through a customer-centric, consumption-based business model, only charging customers for the resources they use. 
 
 Our cloud-native architecture consists of three independently scalable but logically integrated layers across compute, storage, and cloud services. The compute layer provides dedicated resources to enable users to simultaneously access common data sets for many use cases with minimal latency. The storage layer ingests massive amounts and varieties of structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data to create a unified data record. The cloud services layer intelligently optimizes each use case s performance requirements with no administration. This architecture is built on three major public clouds across 38 regional deployments around the world. These deployments are generally interconnected to deliver the Data Cloud, enabling a consistent, global user experience. 
 
 We generate the substantial majority of our revenue from fees charged to our customers based on the compute, storage, and data transfer resources consumed on our platform as a single, integrated offering. For compute resources, consumption fees are based on the type of compute resource used and the duration of use or, for some features, the volume of data processed. For storage resources, consumption fees are based on the average terabytes per month of all of the customer s data stored in our platform. For data transfer resources, consumption fees are based on terabytes of data transferred, the public cloud provider used, and the region to and from which the transfer is executed. 
 
 45 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our customers typically enter into capacity arrangements with a term of one to four years, or consume our platform under on-demand arrangements in which we charge for use of our platform monthly in arrears. Consumption for most customers accelerates from the beginning of their usage to the end of their contract terms and often exceeds their initial capacity commitment amounts. When this occurs, our customers have the option to amend their existing agreement with us to purchase additional capacity or request early renewals. When a customer s consumption during the contract term does not exceed its capacity commitment amount, it may have the option to roll over any unused capacity to future periods, generally upon the purchase of additional capacity. For these reasons, we believe our deferred revenue is not a meaningful indicator of future revenue that will be recognized in any given time period. 
 
 Our go-to-market strategy is focused on acquiring new customers and driving continued use of our platform for existing customers. We primarily focus our selling efforts on large organizations and primarily sell our platform through a direct sales force, which targets technical and business leaders who are adopting a cloud strategy and leveraging data to improve their business performance. Our sales force is comprised of sales development, inside sales, and field sales personnel and is segmented by the industry, size, and region of prospective customers. Once our platform has been adopted, we focus on increasing the migration of additional customer workloads to our platform to drive increased consumption, as evidenced by our net revenue retention rate of 158 and 177 as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See the section titled Key Business Metrics for a definition of net revenue retention rate. 
 
 Our platform is used globally by organizations of all sizes across a broad range of industries. As of January 31, 2023, we had 7,828 total customers, increasing from 5,967 customers as of January 31, 2022. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity, and we present our total customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. Our platform has been adopted by many of the world s largest organizations that view Snowflake as a key strategic partner in their cloud and data transformation initiatives. As of January 31, 2023, our customers included 573 of the Forbes Global 2000, based on the 2022 Forbes Global 2000 list, and those customers contributed approximately 41 of our revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. Our Forbes Global 2000 customer count is subject to adjustments for annual updates to the Global 2000 list by Forbes, as well as acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity with respect to such customers, and we present our Forbes Global 2000 customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. 
 
 Fiscal Year 
 
 Our fiscal year ends on January 31. For example, references to fiscal 2023 refer to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 Impact of Macroeconomic Conditions 
 
 Our business and financial condition have been, and may continue to be, impacted by adverse macroeconomic conditions, including higher inflation, higher interest rates, and fluctuations or volatility in capital markets or foreign currency exchange rates, which are causing customers to optimize consumption, rationalize budgets, and prioritize cash flow management (including through shortened contract duration). We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of general macroeconomic conditions across our business. For additional details, see the section titled Risk Factors. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 In February 2023, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be effected, from time to time, either on the open market (including via pre-set trading plans), in privately negotiated transactions, or through other transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws. The program is funded using our working capital and will expire in March 2025. 
 
 The timing and amount of any repurchases will be determined by management based on an evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 
 
 46 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Business Combinations 
 
 On March 31, 2022, we acquired all outstanding stock of Streamlit, Inc. (Streamlit), a privately-held company which provides an open-source framework for creating and deploying data applications. The acquisition date fair value of the purchase consideration was 650.8 million, which was comprised of 211.8 million in cash and 1.9 million shares of our common stock valued at 438.9 million as of the acquisition date. In addition, we issued to Streamlit s three founders a total of 0.4 million shares of our common stock in exchange for a portion of their Streamlit stock. These shares are subject to vesting agreements pursuant to which the shares will vest over three years, subject to each founder s continued employment with us. The 93.7 million fair value of these shares are accounted for as post-combination stock-based compensation over the requisite service period of three years. 
 
 On September 23, 2022, we acquired all outstanding stock of Applica Sp. z.o.o. (Applica), a privately-held company which provides an artificial intelligence platform for document understanding, for 174.7 million in cash. 
 
 The results of operations of these business combinations have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the respective dates of acquisition. See Note 7, Business Combinations, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details regarding these business combinations. 

Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Adoption of our Platform and Expansion of the Data Cloud 
 
 Our future success depends in large part on the market adoption of our platform. While we see growing demand for our platform, particularly from large enterprises, many of these organizations have invested substantial technical, financial, and personnel resources in their legacy database products or big data offerings, despite their inherent limitations. While this makes it difficult to predict customer adoption rates and future demand, we believe that the benefits of our platform put us in a strong position to capture the significant market opportunity ahead. 
 
 Our platform powers the Data Cloud, a network of data providers, data consumers, and data application developers that enables our customers to securely share, monetize, and acquire live data sets and data products. The Data Cloud includes access to Snowflake Marketplace, through which customers can access or acquire third-party data sets and other data products. Our future growth will be increasingly dependent on our ability to increase consumption of our platform by building and expanding the Data Cloud. 
 
 Expanding Within our Existing Customer Base 
 
 Our large base of customers represents a significant opportunity for further consumption of our platform. While we have seen an increase in the number of customers that have contributed more than 1 million in product revenue in the trailing 12 months, we believe that there is a substantial opportunity to continue growing these customers further, as well as continuing to expand the usage of our platform within our other existing customers. We plan to continue investing to encourage increased consumption and adoption of new use cases among our existing customers, particularly large enterprises. 
 
 47 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Once deployed, our customers often expand their use of our platform more broadly within the enterprise and across their ecosystem of customers and partners as they migrate more data to the public cloud, identify new use cases, and realize the benefits of our platform and the Data Cloud. However, because we generally recognize product revenue on consumption and not ratably over the term of the contract, we do not have visibility into the timing of revenue recognition from any particular customer. In any given period, there is a risk that customer consumption of our platform will be slower than we expect, including in response to adverse macroeconomic conditions, which may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. New software releases or hardware improvements, like better storage compression and cloud infrastructure processor improvements, may make our platform more efficient, enabling customers to consume fewer compute, storage, and data transfer resources to accomplish the same workloads. To the extent these improvements do not result in an offsetting increase in new workloads, we may experience lower revenue. In addition, we have recently seen, and may continue to see, our newer customers increase their consumption of our platform at a slower pace than our more tenured customers. Our ability to increase usage of our platform by, and sell additional contracted capacity to, existing customers, and, in particular, large enterprise customers, will depend on a number of factors, including our customers satisfaction with our platform, competition, pricing, economic conditions, overall changes in our customers spending levels, the effectiveness of our and our partners efforts to help our customers realize the benefits of our platform, and the extent to which customers migrate new workloads to our platform over time. 
 
 Acquiring New Customers 
 
 We believe there is a substantial opportunity to further grow our customer base by continuing to make significant investments in sales and marketing and brand awareness. Our ability to attract new customers will depend on a number of factors, including our success in recruiting and scaling our sales and marketing organization, competitive dynamics in our target markets, changes in our customers spending in response to market uncertainty, and our ability to build and maintain partner relationships, including with global system integrators, resellers, and technology partners. We intend to continue expanding our direct sales force, with a focus on specific industries and increasing sales to large organizations. While our platform is built for organizations of all sizes, we focus our selling efforts on large enterprise customers and customers with vast amounts of data, and providing industry-specific solutions. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force to focus on large enterprises and specific industries if we are unable to hire, develop, integrate, and retain talented and effective sales personnel; if our new and existing sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time; or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 
 Investing in Growth and Scaling our Business 
 
 We are focused on our long-term revenue potential. We believe that our market opportunity is large, and we will continue to invest significantly in scaling across all organizational functions, with a focus on research and development, and sales and marketing, in order to grow our operations both domestically and internationally. We have a history of introducing successful new features and capabilities on our platform, and we intend to continue to invest heavily to grow our business to take advantage of our expansive market opportunity while also focusing on profitability and cash flow. 

Key Business Metrics 
 We monitor the key business metrics set forth below to help us evaluate our business and growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, and assess operational efficiencies. The calculation of the key business metrics discussed below may differ from other similarly titled metrics used by other companies, securities analysts, or investors. 
 
 The following tables present a summary of key business metrics for the periods presented: 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Product revenue (in millions) 1,938.8 1,140.5 553.8 Free cash flow (non-GAAP) (in millions) (1)(2) 
 496.5 81.2 (85.7) 
 
 48 

Ta ble of Contents 

 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 January 31, 2021 Customers with trailing 12-month product revenue greater than 1 million (3) 
 330 184 79 Net revenue retention rate (3) 
 158 177 168 Forbes Global 2000 customers (3) 
 573 492 403 Remaining performance obligations (in millions) (4) 
 3,660.5 2,646.5 1,332.8 
 ________________ 
 (1) Free cash flow for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 included the effect of 23.9 million, 68.6 million, and 14.1 million, respectively, in the net cash paid on payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions. See the section titled Free Cash Flow for a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 (2) Cash outflows for employee payroll tax items related to the net share settlement of equity awards, which were 184.6 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, are included in cash flow for financing activities and, as a result, do not have an effect on the calculation of free cash flow. No equity awards were net settled prior to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 (3) Historical numbers for (i) customers with trailing 12-month product revenue greater than 1 million, (ii) net revenue retention rate, and (iii) Forbes Global 2000 customers reflect any adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity. In addition, our Forbes Global 2000 customer count reflects adjustments for annual updates to the Forbes Global 2000 list by Forbes. 
 (4) As of January 31, 2023, our remaining performance obligations were approximately 3.7 billion, of which we expect approximately 55 to be recognized as revenue in the twelve months ending January 31, 2024 based on historical customer consumption patterns. The weighted-average remaining life of our capacity contracts was 2.0 years as of January 31, 2023. However, the amount and timing of revenue recognition are generally dependent upon customers' future consumption, which is inherently variable at our customers discretion and can extend beyond the original contract term in cases where customers are permitted to roll over unused capacity to future periods, generally upon the purchase of additional capacity at renewal. In addition, our historical customer consumption patterns are not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 
 Product Revenue 
 
 Product revenue is a key metric for us because we recognize revenue based on platform consumption, which is inherently variable at our customers discretion, and not based on the amount and duration of contract terms. Product revenue is primarily derived from the consumption of compute, storage, and data transfer resources, which are consumed by customers on our platform as a single, integrated offering. Customers have the flexibility to consume more than their contracted capacity during the contract term and may have the ability to roll over unused capacity to future periods, generally upon the purchase of additional capacity at renewal. Our consumption-based business model distinguishes us from subscription-based software companies that generally recognize revenue ratably over the contract term and may not permit rollover. Because customers have flexibility in the timing of their consumption, which can exceed their contracted capacity or extend beyond the original contract term in many cases, the amount of product revenue recognized in a given period is an important indicator of customer satisfaction and the value derived from our platform. While customer use of our platform in any period is not necessarily indicative of future use, we estimate future revenue using predictive models based on customers historical usage to plan and determine financial forecasts. Product revenue excludes our professional services and other revenue, which has been less than 10 of revenue for each of the periods presented. 
 
 Customers with Trailing 12-Month Product Revenue Greater than 1 Million 
 
 Large customer relationships lead to scale and operating leverage in our business model. Compared with smaller customers, large customers present a greater opportunity for us to sell additional capacity because they have larger budgets, a wider range of potential use cases, and greater potential for migrating new workloads to our platform over time. As a measure of our ability to scale with our customers and attract large enterprises to our platform, we count the number of customers under capacity arrangements that contributed more than 1 million in product revenue in the trailing 12 months. For purposes of determining our customer count, we treat each customer account, including accounts for end-customers under a reseller arrangement, that has at least one corresponding capacity contract as a unique customer, and a single organization with multiple divisions, segments, or subsidiaries may be counted as multiple customers. We do not include customers that consume our platform only under on-demand arrangements for purposes of determining our customer count. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity, and we present our customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. 
 49 

Ta ble of Contents 

Net Revenue Retention Rate 
 
 We believe the growth in use of our platform by our existing customers is an important measure of the health of our business and our future growth prospects. We monitor our dollar-based net revenue retention rate to measure this growth. To calculate this metric, we first specify a measurement period consisting of the trailing two years from our current period end. Next, we define as our measurement cohort the population of customers under capacity contracts that used our platform at any point in the first month of the first year of the measurement period. Starting with the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021, the cohorts used to calculate net revenue retention rate include end-customers under a reseller arrangement. Although the impact is not material, we have adjusted all prior periods presented to reflect this inclusion. We then calculate our net revenue retention rate as the quotient obtained by dividing our product revenue from this cohort in the second year of the measurement period by our product revenue from this cohort in the first year of the measurement period. Any customer in the cohort that did not use our platform in the second year remains in the calculation and contributes zero product revenue in the second year. Our net revenue retention rate is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity, and we present our net revenue retention rate for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. Since we will continue to attribute the historical product revenue to the consolidated contract, consolidation of capacity contracts within a customer s organization typically will not impact our net revenue retention rate unless one of those customers was not a customer at any point in the first month of the first year of the measurement period. We expect our net revenue retention rate to decrease over the long-term as customers that have consumed our platform for an extended period of time become a larger portion of both our overall customer base and our product revenue that we use to calculate net revenue retention rate, and as their consumption growth primarily relates to existing use cases rather than new use cases. In addition, we have recently seen, and may continue to see, our newer customers increase their consumption of our platform at a slower pace than our more tenured customers, which may negatively impact our net revenue retention rate in future periods. 
 
 Forbes Global 2000 Customers 
 
 We believe that the number of Forbes Global 2000 customers is an important indicator of the growth of our business and future revenue trends as we focus our selling efforts on large enterprise customers and customers with vast amounts of data. Our Forbes Global 2000 customer count is a subset of our customer count based on the 2022 Forbes Global 2000 list. Our Forbes Global 2000 customer count is subject to adjustments for annual updates to the list by Forbes, as well as acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity with respect to such customers, and we present our Forbes Global 2000 customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 Remaining performance obligations (RPO) represent the amount of contracted future revenue that has not yet been recognized, including (i) deferred revenue and (ii) non-cancelable contracted amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. RPO excludes performance obligations from on-demand arrangements and certain time and materials contracts that are billed in arrears. Portions of RPO that are not yet invoiced and are denominated in foreign currencies are revalued into U.S. dollars each period based on the applicable period-end exchange rates. RPO is not necessarily indicative of future product revenue growth because it does not account for the timing of customers consumption or their consumption of more than their contracted capacity. Moreover, RPO is influenced by a number of factors, including the timing and size of renewals, the timing and size of purchases of additional capacity, average contract terms, seasonality, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and the extent to which customers are permitted to roll over unused capacity to future periods, generally upon the purchase of additional capacity at renewal. Due to these factors, it is important to review RPO in conjunction with product revenue and other financial metrics disclosed elsewhere herein. 
 
 50 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Free Cash Flow 
 
 We define free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, as GAAP net cash provided by (used in) operating activities reduced by purchases of property and equipment and capitalized internal-use software development costs. Cash outflows for employee payroll tax items related to the net share settlement of equity awards are included in cash flow for financing activities and, as a result, do not have an effect on the calculation of free cash flow. We believe information regarding free cash flow provides useful supplemental information to investors because it is an indicator of the strength and performance of our core business operations. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in millions): 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 545.6 110.2 (45.4) Less: purchases of property and equipment (25.1) (16.2) (35.0) Less: capitalized internal-use software development costs (24.0) (12.8) (5.3) Free cash flow (non-GAAP) (1)(2) 
 496.5 81.2 (85.7) 
 ________________ 
 (1) Free cash flow for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 included the effect of 23.9 million, 68.6 million, and 14.1 million, respectively, in the net cash paid on payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions. 
 (2) Cash outflows for employee payroll tax items related to the net share settlement of equity awards, which were 184.6 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, are included in cash flow for financing activities and, as a result, do not have an effect on the calculation of free cash flow. No equity awards were net settled prior to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 Historically, we have received a higher volume of orders from new and existing customers in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. As a result, we have historically seen higher free cash flow in the first and fourth fiscal quarters of each year. 
 
 51 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 
 We deliver our platform over the internet as a service. Customers choose to consume our platform under either capacity arrangements, in which they commit to a certain amount of consumption at specified prices, or under on-demand arrangements, in which we charge for use of our platform monthly in arrears. Under capacity arrangements, from which a majority of our revenue is derived, we typically bill our customers annually in advance of their consumption. However, in future periods, we expect to see an increase in capacity contracts providing for quarterly upfront billings and monthly in arrears billings as our customers increasingly want to align consumption and timing of payments. Revenue from on-demand arrangements typically relates to initial consumption as part of customer onboarding and, to a lesser extent, overage consumption beyond a customer s contracted usage amount or following the expiration of a customer s contract. Revenue from on-demand arrangements represented approximately 2 , 3 , and 4 of our revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We recognize revenue as customers consume compute, storage, and data transfer resources under either of these arrangements. In limited instances, customers pay an annual deployment fee to gain access to a dedicated instance of a virtual private deployment. We recognize the deployment fee ratably over the contract term. Such deployment revenue represented less than 1 of our revenue for all periods presented. 
 
 Our customer contracts for capacity typically have a term of one to four years. The weighted-average term of capacity contracts entered into during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 is 2.2 years. To the extent our customers enter into such contracts and either consume our platform in excess of their capacity commitments or continue to use our platform after expiration of the contract term, they are charged for their incremental consumption. In many cases, our customer contracts permit customers to roll over any unused capacity to a subsequent order, generally upon the purchase of additional capacity. For those customers who do not have a capacity arrangement, our on-demand arrangements generally have a monthly stated contract term and can be terminated at any time by either the customer or us. 
 
 We generate the substantial majority of our revenue from fees charged to our customers based on the compute, storage, and data transfer resources consumed on our platform as a single, integrated offering. We do not make any one of these resources available for consumption without the others. Instead, each of compute, storage, and data transfer work together to drive consumption on our platform. For compute resources, consumption is based on the type of compute resource used and the duration of use or, for some features, the volume of data processed. For storage resources, consumption for a given customer is based on the average terabytes per month of all of such customer s data stored in our platform. For data transfer resources, consumption is based on terabytes of data transferred, the public cloud provider used, and the region to and from which the transfer is executed. 
 
 Because customers have flexibility in their consumption, and we generally recognize revenue on consumption and not ratably over the term of the contract, we do not have the visibility into the timing of revenue recognition from any particular customer contract that typical subscription-based software companies may have. As our customer base grows, we expect our ability to forecast customer consumption in the aggregate to improve. However, in any given period, there is a risk that customers will consume our platform more slowly than we expect, including in response to adverse macroeconomic conditions, which may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. For example, we have recently seen, and may continue to see, our newer customers increase their consumption of our platform at a slower pace than our more tenured customers. In addition, new software releases or hardware improvements, like better storage compression and cloud infrastructure processor improvements, may make our platform more efficient, enabling customers to consume fewer compute, storage, and data transfer resources to accomplish the same workloads. To the extent these improvements do not result in an offsetting increase in new workloads, we may experience lower revenue. 
 
 Our revenue also includes professional services and other revenue, which consists primarily of consulting, technical solution services, and training related to our platform. Our professional services revenue is recognized over time based on input measures, including time and materials costs incurred relative to total costs, with consideration given to output measures, such as contract deliverables, when applicable. Other revenue consists primarily of fees from customer training delivered on-site or through publicly available classes. 
 
 52 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Allocation of Overhead Costs 
 
 Overhead costs that are not substantially dedicated for use by a specific functional group are allocated based on headcount. Such costs include costs associated with office facilities, depreciation of property and equipment, information technology (IT) and general recruiting related expenses and other expenses, such as software and subscription services. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue consists of cost of product revenue and cost of professional services and other revenue. Cost of revenue also includes allocated overhead costs. 
 
 Cost of product revenue . Cost of product revenue consists primarily of (i) third-party cloud infrastructure expenses incurred in connection with our customers use of our platform and the deployment and maintenance of our platform on public clouds, including different regional deployments, and (ii) personnel-related costs associated with customer support and maintaining service availability and security of our platform, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation. We periodically receive credits from third-party cloud providers that are recorded as a reduction to the third-party cloud infrastructure expenses. Cost of product revenue also includes amortization of internal-use software development costs, amortization of acquired developed technology intangible assets, and expenses associated with software and subscription services dedicated for use by our customer support team and our engineering team responsible for maintaining our platform. 
 
 Cost of professional services and other revenue . Cost of professional services and other revenue consists primarily of personnel-related costs associated with our professional services and training departments, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation, and costs of contracted third-party partners and software tools. 
 
 We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our platform infrastructure and our customer support and professional services organizations to support the growth of our business. Some of these investments, including certain support costs and costs of expanding our business internationally, are incurred in advance of generating revenue, and either the failure to generate anticipated revenue or fluctuations in the timing of revenue could affect our gross margin from period to period. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses consist of sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Personnel costs are the most significant component of operating expenses and consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and sales commissions. Operating expenses also include allocated overhead costs. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses associated with our sales and marketing staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation. Sales and marketing expenses also include sales commissions and draws paid to our sales force and certain referral fees paid to third parties, including amortization of deferred commissions. A portion of the sales commissions paid to the sales force is earned based on the rate of the customers consumption of our platform, and a portion of the commissions paid to the sales force is earned upon the origination of the customer contracts. Sales commissions tied to customers consumption are expensed in the same period as they are earned. Sales commissions and referral fees earned upon the origination of the new customer or customer expansion contracts are deferred and then amortized over a period of benefit that we determined to be five years. Sales and marketing expenses also include advertising costs and other expenses associated with our sales, marketing and business development programs, including Summit, our annual user conference, offset by proceeds from such conferences and programs. In addition, sales and marketing expenses are comprised of travel-related expenses, software and subscription services dedicated for use by our sales and marketing organizations, amortization of an acquired developer community intangible asset, and outside services contracted for sales and marketing purposes. We expect that our sales and marketing expenses will increase in absolute dollars and continue to be our largest operating expense for the foreseeable future as we grow our business. However, we expect that our sales and marketing expenses will decrease as a percentage of our revenue over time, although the percentage may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing and the extent of these expenses. 
 53 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses associated with our research and development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation. Research and development expenses also include contractor or professional services fees, third-party cloud infrastructure expenses incurred in developing our platform, and expenses associated with computer equipment, software and subscription services dedicated for use by our research and development organization. We expect that our research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as our business grows, particularly as we incur additional costs related to continued investments in our platform. However, we expect that our research and development expenses will decrease as a percentage of our revenue over time, although the percentage may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing and the extent of these expenses. In addition, research and development expenses that qualify as internal-use software development costs are capitalized, the amount of which may fluctuate significantly from period to period. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our finance, legal, human resources, facilities, and administrative personnel, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation. General and administrative expenses also include external legal, accounting, and other professional services fees, software and subscription services dedicated for use by our general and administrative functions, insurance, unallocated lease costs associated with unused office facilities to accommodate planned headcount growth, and other corporate expenses. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars as our business grows but will decrease as a percentage of our revenue over time, although the percentage may fluctuate from period to period depending on the timing and the extent of these expenses. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts related to our available-for-sale marketable debt securities, net of associated fees. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of (i) unrealized gains (losses) on our strategic investments in equity securities, and (ii) the effect of exchange rates on our foreign currency-denominated asset and liability balances. 
 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign and U.S. federal and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We maintain a full valuation allowance against our U.S. and U.K. deferred tax assets because we have concluded that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Snowflake Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and a majority-owned subsidiary in which we have a controlling financial interest. Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest represents the net income (loss) of our majority-owned subsidiary attributed to noncontrolling interest using the hypothetical liquidation at book value method. See Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 54 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue 2,065,659 1,219,327 592,049 Cost of revenue (1) 
 717,540 458,433 242,588 Gross profit 1,348,119 760,894 349,461 Operating expenses (1) : 
 Sales and marketing 1,106,507 743,965 479,317 Research and development 788,058 466,932 237,946 General and administrative 295,821 265,033 176,135 Total operating expenses 2,190,386 1,475,930 893,398 Operating loss (842,267) (715,036) (543,937) Interest income 73,839 9,129 7,507 Other income (expense), net (47,565) 28,947 (610) Loss before income taxes (815,993) (676,960) (537,040) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (18,467) 2,988 2,062 Net loss (797,526) (679,948) (539,102) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (821) Net loss attributable to Snowflake Inc. (796,705) (679,948) (539,102) 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cost of revenue 106,302 87,336 33,642 Sales and marketing 246,811 185,970 97,879 Research and development 407,524 232,867 99,223 General and administrative 100,896 98,922 70,697 Total stock-based compensation 861,533 605,095 301,441 
 
 The increase in stock-based compensation for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, was primarily attributable to additional equity awards granted to existing and new employees, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation associated with restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) granted prior to our Initial Public Offering (IPO). RSUs granted prior to our IPO have both a service-based and a performance-based vesting condition and, as a result of the performance-based vesting condition being satisfied in connection with our IPO, we recognized stock-based compensation associated with such RSUs using an accelerated attribution method. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, total compensation cost related to unvested equity awards not yet recognized was 2.4 billion, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.9 years. See Note 12, Equity, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 55 

Ta ble of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue (1) 
 35 38 41 Gross profit 65 62 59 Operating expenses (1) : 
 Sales and marketing 54 61 81 Research and development 38 38 40 General and administrative 14 22 30 Total operating expenses 106 121 151 Operating loss (41) (59) (92) Interest income 3 1 1 Other income (expense), net (2) 2 Loss before income taxes (40) (56) (91) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (1) Net loss (39 (56 (91 Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Net loss attributable to Snowflake Inc. (39 (56 (91 
 ________________ 
 (1) Stock-based compensation included in the table above as a percentage of revenue as follows: 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cost of revenue 5 7 6 Sales and marketing 12 15 17 Research and development 20 19 17 General and administrative 5 9 11 Total stock-based compensation 42 50 51 

Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Revenue 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue: Product 1,938,783 1,140,469 70 Professional services and other 126,876 78,858 61 Total 2,065,659 1,219,327 69 Percentage of revenue: Product 94 94 Professional services and other 6 6 Total 100 100 
 
 Product revenue increased 798.3 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to increased consumption of our platform by existing customers, as evidenced by our net revenue retention rate of 158 as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 56 

Ta ble of Contents 

 We had 330 customers with product revenue of greater than 1 million for the trailing 12 months ended January 31, 2023, an increase from 184 customers as of January 31, 2022. Such customers represented approximately 62 and 56 of our product revenue for the trailing 12 months ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Within these customers, we had 59 and 19 customers with product revenue of greater than 5 million and 10 million, respectively, for the trailing 12 months ended January 31, 2023. Approximately 96 and 93 of our revenue was derived from existing customers under capacity arrangements for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Revenue derived from new customers under capacity arrangements represented approximately 2 and 4 of our revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The remainder was driven by on-demand arrangements. The preceding historical metrics reflect any adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity. For purposes of determining revenue derived from (i) customers with trailing 12-month product revenue greater than 1 million, (ii) new customers, and (iii) existing customers, we treat each customer account, including accounts for end-customers under a reseller arrangement, that has at least one corresponding capacity contract as a unique customer, and a single organization with multiple divisions, segments, or subsidiaries may be counted as multiple customers. 
 
 Professional services and other revenue increased 48.0 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, as we continued to expand our professional services organization to help our customers further realize the benefits of our platform. 
 
 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit (Loss), and Gross Margin 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Cost of revenue: Product 547,547 347,817 57 Professional services and other 169,993 110,616 54 Total cost of revenue 717,540 458,433 57 Gross profit (loss): Product 1,391,236 792,652 76 Professional services and other (43,117) (31,758) 36 Total gross profit 1,348,119 760,894 77 Gross margin: Product 72 70 Professional services and other (34 (40 Total gross margin 65 62 Headcount (at period end) Product 373 243 Professional services and other 488 348 Total headcount 861 591 
 
 Cost of product revenue increased 199.7 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to an increase of 156.9 million in third-party cloud infrastructure expenses as a result of increased customer consumption. Personnel-related costs and allocated overhead costs also increased 28.7 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, as a result of increased headcount and overall costs to support the growth in our business, and increased stock-based compensation primarily related to additional equity awards granted to existing and new employees. The remaining increase in cost of product revenue was primarily driven by an increase of 7.6 million in amortization of internal-use software development costs and acquired developed technology intangible assets. 
 
 57 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Our product gross margin was 72 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to 70 for the prior fiscal year, primarily due to (i) increased cost efficiency as a result of cloud infrastructure processor improvements, (ii) an increased percentage of revenue from consumption of higher-priced editions of our platform, (iii) increased scale across our cloud infrastructure regions, and (iv) higher volume-based discounts for our purchases of third-party cloud infrastructure. In addition, the year-over-year increase in our product gross margin was driven by a decrease in stock-based compensation as a percentage of product revenue. While we expect our product gross margin to remain relatively flat for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024, a number of factors could hinder any improvement in our product gross margin, including (i) fluctuations in the mix and timing of customers' consumption, which is inherently variable at our customers' discretion, (ii) whether or not a customer contracts with us through our marketplace listings, (iii) our discounting practices, including as a result of changes to the competitive environment, and (iv) the extent of our investments in our operations, including performance improvements that may make our platform or the underlying cloud infrastructure more efficient. 
 
 Cost of professional services and other revenue increased 59.4 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to an increase of 48.3 million in personnel-related costs and allocated overhead costs, as a result of increased headcount and overall costs to support the growth in our business, and increased stock-based compensation primarily related to additional equity awards granted to existing and new employees. Costs associated with contracted third-party partners, primarily related to customer implementations and migrations from legacy solutions, also increased 9.6 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, as a result of growth in our business. 
 
 Professional services and other gross margin improved for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to decreased stock-based compensation as a percentage of professional services and other revenue. We do not believe the year-over-year changes in professional services and other gross margins are meaningful given that we are continuing to scale our professional services organization and our professional services and other revenue represents a small percentage of our revenue. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 1,106,507 743,965 49 Percentage of revenue 54 61 Headcount (at period end) 2,738 1,891 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 362.5 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to an increase of 232.5 million in personnel-related costs (excluding commission expenses) and allocated overhead costs, as a result of increased headcount, stock-based compensation, and overall costs to support the growth in our business. The increase in personnel-related costs included a 60.8 million increase in stock-based compensation for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily related to additional equity awards granted to existing and new employees, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation related to RSUs granted prior to our IPO. See Note 12, Equity, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. Expenses associated with sales commissions and draws paid to our sales force and certain referral fees paid to third parties, including amortization of deferred commissions, increased 33.1 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to increases in customers consumption of our platform and in the annualized contract value of our customer contracts. 
 
 Advertising costs and other expenses associated with our sales, marketing and business development programs also increased 39.4 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily driven by increased expenses related to in-person sales and marketing events and user conferences, including Summit, our annual user conference which was held virtually in the prior year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, net of associated proceeds. As a result of our in-person sales and marketing events and user conferences as well as the easing of COVID-19 travel restrictions, travel-related expenses also increased 17.4 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 
 58 

Ta ble of Contents 

 In addition, sales and marketing expenses for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 included 25.2 million of amortization of an acquired developer community intangible asset as a result of the Streamlit business combination completed in March 2022. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Research and development 788,058 466,932 69 Percentage of revenue 38 38 Headcount (at period end) 1,378 788 
 
 Research and development expenses increased 321.1 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to an increase of 279.9 million in personnel-related costs and allocated overhead costs, as a result of increased stock-based compensation, headcount, and overall costs to support the growth in our business. The increase in personnel-related costs included 174.7 million increase in stock-based compensation, primarily related to additional equity awards granted to existing and new employees and the post-combination stock-based compensation related to the Streamlit business combination, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation related to RSUs granted prior to our IPO. See Note 12, Equity, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 The remaining increase in research and development expenses was primarily driven by an increase of 22.8 million in third-party cloud infrastructure expenses incurred in developing our platform. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 295,821 265,033 12 Percentage of revenue 14 22 Headcount (at period end) 907 722 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 30.8 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to an increase of 14.0 million in outside services mainly as a result of increased legal fees related to acquisitions. Unallocated lease costs, which are associated with unused office facilities to accommodate planned headcount growth, also increased 4.9 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year. The remaining increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to increased insurance expenses and increased other corporate expenses to support the normal course of operations and our continued growth. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Interest income 73,839 9,129 709 
 
 Interest income increased 64.7 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to higher yields on our investments in available-for-sale marketable debt securities as a result of increased interest rates. 
 
 59 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Net unrealized gains (losses) on strategic investments in non-marketable equity securities: Upward adjustments 4,125 32,975 (87 Impairments (38,036) NM Net unrealized losses on strategic investments in marketable equity securities (12,524) (5,354) 134 Other (1,130) 1,326 (185 Other income (expense), net (47,565) 28,947 (264 
 NM - Not meaningful. 
 
 Other income (expense), net decreased 76.5 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to (i) impairments recorded on our strategic investments in non-marketable equity securities, (ii) a decrease in upward adjustments recorded on our strategic investments in non-marketable equity securities, and (iii) increased net unrealized losses recorded on our strategic investments in marketable equity securities. See Note 5, Fair Value Measurements, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Loss before income taxes (815,993) (676,960) 21 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (18,467) 2,988 (718 Effective tax rate 2.3 (0.4 
 
 Our benefit from income taxes was 18.5 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to our provision for income taxes of 3.0 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, primarily due to the partial release of a valuation allowance of 26.9 million as a result of the Streamlit business combination. 
 
 We maintain a full valuation allowance on our U.S. and U.K. deferred tax assets, and the significant components of our recorded tax expense are current cash taxes in various jurisdictions. The cash tax expenses are impacted by each jurisdiction s individual tax rates, laws on the timing of recognition of income and deductions, and availability of net operating losses and tax credits. Our effective tax rate might fluctuate significantly and could be adversely affected to the extent earnings are lower than forecasted in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than forecasted in countries that have higher statutory rates. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of January 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investments totaling 5.1 billion. Our investments primarily consist of corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, U.S. government and agency securities, certificates of deposit, and money market funds. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, our RPO was 3.7 billion. Our RPO represents the amount of contracted future revenue that has not yet been recognized, including (i) deferred revenue and (ii) non-cancelable contracted amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, which are not recorded on the balance sheet. Portions of RPO that are not yet invoiced and are denominated in foreign currencies are revalued into U.S. dollars each period based on the applicable period-end exchange rates. 
 
 60 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Since inception, we have financed operations primarily through proceeds received from sales of equity securities and payments received from our customers. Our IPO resulted in aggregate net proceeds of 3.7 billion, after underwriting discounts of 121.7 million. We also received aggregate proceeds of 500.0 million related to certain concurrent private placements, and did not pay any underwriting discounts or commissions with respect to the shares that were sold in these private placements. Our primary uses of cash include personnel-related expenses, third-party cloud infrastructure expenses, sales and marketing expenses, overhead costs, and acquisitions and strategic investments we may make from time to time. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, our material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and commitments relate primarily to (i) third-party cloud infrastructure agreements, (ii) operating leases for office facilities, and (iii) subscription arrangements used to facilitate our operations at the enterprise level. These agreements are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the actions under the contracts. In January 2023, we amended one of our third-party cloud infrastructure agreements effective February 1, 2023. Under the amended agreement, we have committed to spend an aggregate of at least 2.5 billion from fiscal 2024 to fiscal 2028 on cloud infrastructure services 350.0 million in fiscal 2024, 450.0 million in fiscal 2025, 500.0 million in fiscal 2026, 550.0 million in fiscal 2027, and 650.0 million in fiscal 2028). We are required to pay the difference if we fail to meet the minimum purchase commitment during any fiscal year, and such payment can be applied to qualifying expenditures for cloud infrastructure services during the term of the amended agreement. For more information regarding our contractual obligations and commitments as of January 31, 2023, see Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our long-term purchase commitments may be satisfied earlier than the payment periods presented as we continue to grow and scale our business. 
 
 On February 10, 2023, we acquired (i) all outstanding stock of Mountain US Corporation (f/k/a Mobilize.net Corporation), a privately-held company which provides a premier suite of tools for efficiently migrating databases to the Data Cloud, for approximately 67 million in cash, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired, and (ii) all outstanding stock of LeapYear Technologies, Inc., a privately-held company which provides a differential privacy platform, for approximately 59 million in cash, net of cash and restricted cash acquired. 
 
 In February 2023, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 2.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be effected, from time to time, either on the open market (including via pre-set trading plans), in privately negotiated transactions, or through other transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws. The program is funded using our working capital and will expire in March 2025. The timing and amount of any repurchases will be determined by management based on an evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 
 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investments, as well as cash flows expected to be generated by our operations, will be sufficient to support our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, acquisitions and strategic investments we may make from time to time, and authorized stock repurchases, for the next 12 months and beyond. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue growth rate, expenditures related to our headcount growth, the timing and the amount of cash received from customers, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the price at which we are able to purchase public cloud capacity, expenses associated with our international expansion, the introduction of platform enhancements, and the continuing market adoption of our platform. We may continue to enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, products, and technologies. We may, as a result of those arrangements or the general expansion of our business, be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that we require additional financing, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in continued innovation, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 61 

Ta ble of Contents 

 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 545,639 110,179 (45,417) Net cash used in investing activities (597,885) (20,800) (4,036,645) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (92,624) 178,198 4,775,290 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities mainly consists of our net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, primarily consisting of (i) stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized, (ii) depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and amortization of acquired intangible assets, (iii) amortization of deferred commissions, (iv) net unrealized gains or losses on strategic investments in equity securities, (v) amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets, (vi) net amortization (accretion) of premiums (discounts) on investments, and (vii) deferred income tax benefit or expense, and changes in operating assets and liabilities during each period. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, net cash provided by operating activities was 545.6 million, primarily consisting of our net loss of 797.5 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 1.1 billion, and net cash inflows of 289.5 million provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities, net of the effects of business combinations. The main drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 were (i) a 514.3 million increase in deferred revenue due to invoicing for prepaid capacity agreements outpacing revenue recognition, and (ii) a 74.5 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities primarily due to increased headcount and growth in our business, partially offset by (a) a 167.0 million increase in accounts receivable primarily due to growth in our business, (b) a 95.1 million increase in deferred commissions earned upon the origination of customer contracts, and (c) a 42.3 million decrease in operating lease liabilities due to payments related to our operating lease obligations. 
 
 For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 110.2 million, primarily consisting of our net loss of 679.9 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 721.7 million, and net cash inflows of 68.4 million provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 435.5 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase of 954.1 million in cash collected from customers resulting from increased sales. This was partially offset by increased expenditures due to an increase in headcount and growth in our business. We expect to continue to generate positive net cash flows from operating activities for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was 597.9 million, primarily as a result of (i) an aggregate of 362.6 million in cash paid for Streamlit, Applica and other business combinations, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired, (ii) 185.4 million in net purchases of investments, (iii) 25.1 million in purchases of property and equipment, and (iv) 24.0 million in capitalized internal-use software development costs. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 was 20.8 million, primarily as a result of purchases of investments, purchases of intangible assets, purchases of property and equipment to support our office facilities, and capitalized internal-use software development costs, partially offset by proceeds from the sales, maturities, and redemptions of investments. 
 
 62 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was 92.6 million, primarily as a result of taxes paid related to net share settlement of employee equity awards of 184.6 million, partially offset by proceeds of 80.8 million from the issuance of equity securities under our equity incentive plans, and capital contributions of 13.0 million from noncontrolling interest holders. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we began funding withholding taxes due upon the vesting of employee RSUs in certain jurisdictions by net share settlement, rather than our previous approach of selling shares of our common stock to cover taxes upon vesting of such awards. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 was 178.2 million, primarily as a result of proceeds from the issuance of equity securities under our equity incentive plans. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. By their nature, these estimates and assumptions are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by management. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. 
 
 The significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are discussed in Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the accounting policies and estimates associated with revenue recognition and business combinations involve a substantial degree of judgment and complexity and therefore are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Many of our contracts with customers include multiple performance obligations. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price (SSP) basis. We consider our evaluation of SSP to be a critical accounting estimate. An observable SSP is established based on the price at which a service is sold separately. If an SSP is not observable through past transactions, we estimate it by maximizing the use of observable inputs, including the overall pricing strategy, market data, internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations, and other observable inputs. As our business and offerings evolve over time, modifications to our pricing and discounting methodologies, changes in the scope and nature of our offerings, and/or changes in customer segmentation may result in a lack of consistency, making it difficult to establish and/or maintain SSP. Changes in SSP could result in different and unanticipated allocations of revenue in contracts with multiple performance obligations. These factors, among others, may adversely impact the amount of revenue and gross margin we report in a given period. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 When we acquire a business, we allocate the purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated respective fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Critical estimates used in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, time and resources required to recreate the assets acquired. These estimates are based on information obtained from the management of the acquired companies, our assessment of the information, and historical experience. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. The amounts and estimated useful lives assigned to intangible assets acquired in business combinations impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense. 
 
 63 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 5.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, including corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, U.S. government and agency securities, certificates of deposit, and money market funds. In addition, we had 16.8 million of restricted cash primarily due to outstanding letters of credit established in connection with lease agreements for our facilities. Our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investments are held for working capital, capital expenditure, and general corporate purposes, including repurchases of our common stock as well as acquisitions and strategic investments we may make from time to time. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of 26.0 million or an increase of 25.9 million, respectively, in the market value of our cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investments as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 As of January 31, 2022, we had 5.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term and long-term investments, and a hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of 27.3 million or an increase of 23.5 million, respectively, in the market value. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar or the Euro. The majority of our sales are currently denominated in U.S. dollars, although we also have sales in Euros and, to a lesser extent, in British pounds, Australian dollars, and Brazilian reals. Therefore our revenue is not currently subject to significant foreign currency risk, but that will likely change in the future as we increase sales in these international currencies and enable sales in additional currencies. Our operating expenses are denominated in the currencies of the countries in which our operations are located, which is primarily in the United States and to a lesser extent in Europe, Canada, and the Asia-Pacific region. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured to the functional currency at period-end exchange rates. Our consolidated results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 
 In order to manage our exposure to certain foreign currency exchange risks, during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we entered into deliverable foreign currency forward contracts with maturities of one month or less to hedge a portion of certain intercompany balances denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. These forward contracts reduced, but did not entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse currency exchange rate movements. We did not enter into these forward contracts for trading or speculative purposes. See Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in foreign currency exchange rates would have resulted in a theoretical increase or decrease in operating loss of approximately 32 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. This sensitivity analysis assumes that all foreign currencies move in the same direction at the same time in the absence of hedging activities. In addition, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar makes our platform more expensive for international customers, which may slow down consumption. We do not believe a 10 increase or decrease in the relative value of the U.S. dollar would have had a material impact on our operating results for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 64 

Ta ble of Contents 

 Other Market Risk 
 
 Our strategic investments consist primarily of (i) non-marketable equity securities recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, and adjusted for observable transactions for the same or similar investments of the same issuer (referred to as the Measurement Alternative), and (ii) marketable equity securities. These strategic investments are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks, including volatility in the public and private markets, that could substantially reduce or increase the carrying value of our investments and, as a result, our financial results may fluctuate. Strategic investments are subject to periodic impairment analyses, which involves an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee s financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee s product or technology, and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. 
 
 The following table presents our strategic investments by type (in thousands): 
 
 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 Equity securities: Non-marketable equity securities under Measurement Alternative 174,248 170,860 Non-marketable equity securities under equity method 5,066 Marketable equity securities 22,122 34,646 Debt securities: Non-marketable debt securities 1,500 2,250 Total strategic investments included in other assets 202,936 207,756 
 
 See Note 5, Fair Value Measurements, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 
 We plan to continue these types of strategic investments as part of our corporate development program. We anticipate additional volatility to our consolidated statements of operations as a result of changes in market prices, changes resulting from observable transactions for the same or similar investments of the same issuer, and impairments to our strategic investments. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 67 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 73 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 75 

66 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Snowflake Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Snowflake Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 67 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Capacity Arrangements 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company delivers its platform over the internet as a service. The Company s customers consume the platform typically under capacity arrangements, in which customers commit to a certain amount of consumption at specified prices. Management recognizes revenue as customers consume compute, storage, and data transfer resources. The Company s total revenue for the year ended January 31, 2023 was 2.1 billion, of which a significant portion is recognized under capacity arrangements. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - capacity arrangements is a critical audit matter are the significant audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to revenue recognized under capacity arrangements. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over revenue transactions recognized under capacity arrangements. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating, on a test basis, revenue recognized under capacity arrangements by obtaining and inspecting invoices, customer order forms, cash receipts from customers, usage confirmations from customers, and usage records. 

/s/ 
 
 March 29, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Deferred commissions, current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term investments Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred commissions, non-current Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue, current Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Deferred revenue, non-current Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 
 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock; par value per share; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of each January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Common stock; par value per share; Class A shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; Class B shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of each January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Snowflake Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net loss attributable to Snowflake Inc. ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to Snowflake Inc. Class A and Class B common stockholders basic and diluted (1) 
 Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Snowflake Inc. Class A and Class B common stockholders basic and diluted (1) 
 
 ________________ 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Snowflake Inc. ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Class A and Class B 
 Common Stock (1) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Snowflake Inc. Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount BALANCE January 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) Issuance of Series G-1 and Series G-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock at per share, net of issuance costs of 
 Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering ) ) Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering and private placements, net of underwriting discounts Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Exercise of common stock warrants Repurchase of early exercised stock options ) Vesting of early exercised stock options and restricted common stock Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) ) BALANCE January 31, 2021 
 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of early exercised stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) BALANCE January 31, 2022 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock in connection with a business combination Issuance of common stock in connection with a business combination subject to future vesting Vesting of early exercised stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Capital contributions from noncontrolling interest holders Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) BALANCE January 31, 2023 
 ) ) 
 ________________ 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash operating lease costs Amortization of deferred commissions Stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized Net amortization of premiums on investments Net unrealized losses (gains) on strategic investments in equity securities ) Deferred income tax ) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of business combinations: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Deferred commissions ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized internal-use software development costs ) ) ) Cash paid for business combinations, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sales of investments Maturities and redemptions of investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from initial public offering and private placements, net of underwriting discounts Proceeds from early exercised stock options Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from repayments of a nonrecourse promissory note 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Repurchases of early exercised stock options ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) Capital contributions from noncontrolling interest holders Payments of deferred purchase consideration for business combinations ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Stock-based compensation included in capitalized software development costs Vesting of early exercised stock options Issuance of common stock in connection with a business combination Purchases of intangible assets included in accrued expenses and other liabilities Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other assets and prepaid expenses and other current assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

2. 

For information regarding the Company s revenue by geographic area, see Note 3. 
 
 Other (1) 
 Total 
 ________________ 
 (1) No individual country outside of the United States accounted for more than 10 of the Company s long-lived assets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

For information regarding the Company s significant customers, see Note 3. 

, , and of the Company s revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company recognizes revenue as customers consume compute, storage, and data transfer resources under either of these arrangements. In limited instances, customers pay an annual deployment fee to gain access to a dedicated instance of a virtual private deployment. Deployment fees are recognized ratably over the contract term. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 . To the extent customers enter into such contracts and either consume the platform in excess of their capacity commitments or continue to use the platform after expiration of the contract term, they are charged for their incremental consumption. In many cases, customer contracts permit customers to roll over any unused capacity to a subsequent order, generally on the purchase of additional capacity. Customer contracts are generally non-cancelable during the contract term, although customers can terminate for breach if the Company materially fails to perform. For those customers who do not have a capacity arrangement, the Company s on-demand arrangements generally have a monthly stated contract term and can be terminated at any time by either the customer or the Company. 
 
 For compute resources, consumption is based on the type of compute resource used and the duration of use or, for some features, the volume of data processed. For storage resources, consumption for a given customer is based on the average terabytes per month of all of such customer s data stored in the platform. For data transfer resources, consumption is based on terabytes of data transferred, the public cloud provider used, and the region to and from which the transfer is executed. 
 
 The Company s revenue also includes professional services and other revenue, which consists primarily of consulting, on-site technical solution services, and training related to the platform. Professional services revenue is recognized over time based on input measures, including time and materials costs incurred relative to total costs, with consideration given to output measures, such as contract deliverables, when applicable. Other revenue consists primarily of fees from customer training delivered on-site or through publicly available classes. 
 
 The Company determines revenue recognition in accordance with ASC 606 through the following five steps: 
 
 1) Identify the contract with a customer. The Company considers the terms and conditions of the contracts and the Company s customary business practices in identifying its contracts under ASC 606. The Company determines it has a contract with a customer when the contract has been approved by both parties, it can identify each party s rights regarding the services to be transferred and the payment terms for the services, it has determined the customer to have the ability and intent to pay, and the contract has commercial substance. At contract inception, the Company evaluates whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or single contract includes more than one performance obligation. The Company applies judgment in determining the customer s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer s payment history or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining to the customer. 
 
 2) Identify the performance obligations in the contract. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from the Company, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. The Company treats consumption of its platform for compute, storage, and data transfer resources as one single performance obligation because they are consumed by customers as a single, integrated offering. The Company does not make any one of these resources available for consumption without the others. Instead, each of compute, storage, and data transfer work together to drive consumption on the Company s platform. The Company treats its virtual private deployments for customers, professional services, on-site technical solution services, and training each as a separate and distinct performance obligation. Some customers have negotiated an option to purchase additional capacity at a stated discount. These options generally do not provide a material right as they are priced at the Company s SSP, as described below, as the stated discounts are not incremental to the range of discounts typically given. 
 
 3) Determine the transaction price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring services to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in the Company s judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue recognized under the contract will not occur. Variable consideration is estimated based on expected value, primarily relying on the Company s history. In certain situations, the Company may also use the most likely amount as the basis of its estimate. None of the Company s contracts contain a significant financing component. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental entities (e.g., sales and other indirect taxes). 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

These costs were million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

79 

Table of Contents 

80 

Table of Contents 

81 

Table of Contents 

As of January 31, 2023, all of the Company s derivative assets and liabilities were settled, and the related realized gains (losses) were not material for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 

, on a straight-line basis. The amortization of capitalized costs related to the Company s platform applications is primarily included in cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of estimated useful life or the remaining lease term. Expenses that improve an asset or extend its remaining useful life are capitalized. Costs of maintenance or repairs that do not extend the lives of the respective assets are charged to expenses as incurred. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

. The Company determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration the length of terms in its customer contracts, life of the technology, and other factors. Amounts expected to be recognized within one year of the balance sheet date are recorded as deferred commissions, current, and the remaining portion is recorded as deferred commissions, non-current, on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization expense is included in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As a result of modifications to the Company s sales compensation plan during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, a portion of the sales commissions paid to the sales force is earned based on the rate of the customers consumption of the Company s platform, in addition to a portion of the commissions earned upon the origination of the new customer or customer expansion contract. Sales commissions tied to customers consumption are not considered incremental costs and are expensed in the same period as they are earned. Deferred commissions are periodically analyzed for impairment. There were impairment losses relating to the deferred commissions for all periods presented. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

84 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Professional services and other revenue Total 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Other Americas (1) 
 EMEA (1)(2) 
 Asia-Pacific and Japan (1) 
 Total 
 ________________ 
 (1) No individual country in these areas represented more than 10 of the Company s revenue for all periods presented. 
 (2) Includes Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 
 
 Accounts Receivable, Net 
 
 As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, allowance for credit losses of million and million, was included in the Company s accounts receivable, net balance, respectively. 
 
 Significant Customers 
 
 For purposes of assessing the concentration of credit risk and significant customers, a group of customers under common control or customers that are affiliates of each other are regarded as a single customer. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no customers that represented 10 or more of the Company s accounts receivable, net balance. Additionally, there were no customers that represented 10 or more of the Company s revenue for each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 Deferred Revenue 
 
 The Company recognized million, million, and million of revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, from the deferred revenue balances as of January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 

As of January 31, 2023, the Company s RPO was billion, of which the Company expects approximately to be recognized as revenue in the ending January 31, 2024 based on historical customer consumption patterns. However, the amount and timing of revenue recognition are generally dependent upon customers future consumption, which is inherently variable at customers discretion and can extend beyond the original contract term in cases where customers are permitted to roll over unused capacity to future periods, generally on the purchase of additional capacity at renewal. 

4. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds Certificates of deposit ) Total cash equivalents ) Investments: Corporate notes and bonds ) Commercial paper ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Certificates of deposit ) Total investments ) Total cash equivalents and investments ) 
 
 January 31, 2022 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Cash equivalents: Money market funds Commercial paper ) U.S. government securities ) Corporate notes and bonds ) Total cash equivalents ) Investments: Corporate notes and bonds ) Commercial paper ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Certificates of deposit ) Total investments ) Total cash equivalents and investments ) 
 
 The Company included million and million of interest receivable in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company did not recognize an allowance for credit losses against interest receivable as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 because such potential losses were not material. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, the contractual maturities of the Company s available-for-sale marketable debt securities did not exceed months. 
 
 Due in 1 year to 3 years Total 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) Total cash equivalents ) ) Investments: Corporate notes and bonds ) ) ) U.S. government and agency securities ) ) ) Commercial paper ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) Total investments ) ) ) Total cash equivalents and investments ) ) ) 
 
 January 31, 2022 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Cash equivalents: 
 Commercial paper ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) Corporate notes and bonds ) ) Total cash equivalents ) ) Investments: Corporate notes and bonds ) ) ) Commercial paper ) ) U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) Total investments ) ) ) Total cash equivalents and investments ) ) ) 
 
 For available-for-sale marketable debt securities with unrealized loss positions, the Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will hold these securities until maturity or a recovery of the cost basis. The decline in fair value of these securities due to credit related factors was not material as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 See Note 5 for information regarding the Company s strategic investments. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 
 Commercial paper Corporate notes and bonds Certificates of deposit Short-term investments: 
 Corporate notes and bonds Commercial paper Certificates of deposit U.S. government and agency securities Long-term investments: 
 Corporate notes and bonds U.S. government and agency securities Certificates of deposit Total 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Commercial paper U.S. government securities Corporate notes and bonds Short-term investments: 
 Corporate notes and bonds Commercial paper U.S. government and agency securities Certificates of deposit Long-term investments: 
 Corporate notes and bonds U.S. government and agency securities Certificates of deposit Total 

Strategic Investments 
 
 The tables above do not include the Company s strategic investments, which consist primarily of non-marketable equity securities accounted for using the Measurement Alternative and marketable equity securities. 

Non-marketable equity securities under equity method Marketable equity securities Debt securities: Non-marketable debt securities Total strategic investments included in other assets 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Impairments ) Marketable equity securities: Net unrealized losses ) ) Total included in other income (expense), net ) 
 
 During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, the Company did have any strategic investments in marketable equity securities and did record any upward or downward adjustments, or impairments, on non-marketable equity securities under Measurement Alternative. 
 
 realized gains or losses were recognized on the Company s strategic investments in equity securities during any of periods presented. The cumulative upward adjustments and the cumulative impairments to the carrying value of the non-marketable equity securities accounted for using the Measurement Alternative that the Company held as of January 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 

6. 
 Computers, equipment, and software Furniture and fixtures Capitalized internal-use software development costs Construction in progress capitalized internal-use software development costs Construction in progress other Total property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization (1) 
 ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes million and million of accumulated amortization related to capitalized internal-use software development costs as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Included in these amounts were the amortization of capitalized internal-use software development costs of million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 million, which was comprised of the following (in thousands): 
 
 Common stock (1) 
 Total 
 ________________ 
 (1) Approximately million shares of the Company s Class A common stock were included in the purchase consideration and the fair values of these shares were determined based on the closing market price of per share on the acquisition date. 
 
 In addition, in connection with this business combination, the Company issued to Streamlit s founders a total of million shares of the Company s Class A common stock in exchange for a portion of their Streamlit stock. These shares are subject to vesting agreements pursuant to which the shares will vest over , subject to each founder s continued employment with the Company or its affiliates. The million fair value of these shares are accounted for as post-combination stock-based compensation over the requisite service period of . See Note 12 for further discussion. 
 
 The purchase consideration was preliminarily allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. During the three months ended January 31, 2023, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment which did not have a material impact on goodwill. 
 
 Goodwill Developer community intangible asset 
 Other net tangible liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities, net (1) 
 ) Total 
 ________________ 
 (1) Deferred tax liabilities, net primarily relates to the intangible asset acquired and the amount presented is net of deferred tax assets. 
 
 The fair value of the developer community intangible asset was estimated using the replacement cost method which utilizes assumptions for the cost to replace it, such as time and resources required, as well as a theoretical profit margin and opportunity cost. 
 
 The excess of purchase consideration over the preliminary fair value of identifiable net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. The Company believes the goodwill balance associated with this business combination represents the synergies expected from expanded market opportunities when integrating the acquired developed technologies with the Company s offerings. 
 
 Acquisition-related costs of million associated with this business combination were recorded as a general and administrative expense during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 million in cash. The Company acquired Applica primarily for its talent and developed technology. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination. 
 
 The purchase consideration was preliminarily allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. During the three months ended January 31, 2023, the Company recorded a measurement period adjustment which did not have a material impact on goodwill. 
 
 Goodwill Developed technology intangible asset 
 Other net tangible liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities, net (1) 
 ) Total 
 ________________ 
 (1) Deferred tax liabilities, net primarily relates to the intangible asset acquired and the amount presented is net of deferred tax assets. 
 
 The fair value of the developed technology intangible asset was estimated using the replacement cost method, which utilizes assumptions for the cost to replace it, such as time and resources required, as well as a theoretical profit margin and opportunity cost. 
 
 The excess of purchase consideration over the preliminary fair value of identifiable net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is generally not deductible for income tax purposes. The Company believes the goodwill balance associated with this business combination represents the synergies expected from expanded market opportunities when integrating the acquired developed technologies with the Company s offerings. 
 
 Acquisition-related costs of million associated with this business combination were recorded as a general and administrative expense during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 The results of operations of Applica from the date of acquisition, which were not material, have been included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 Other Business Combination 
 
 During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of a privately-held company for million in cash. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination. In allocating the aggregate purchase consideration based on the estimated fair values, the Company recorded million as a developed technology intangible asset (to be amortized over an estimated useful life of ), million of net tangible assets acquired, and million as goodwill, which is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The Company believes the goodwill balance associated with this business combination is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expected synergies arising from the acquisition. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Net loss ) ) 
 
 The pro forma financial information for all periods presented above has been calculated after adjusting the results of operations of these three acquired companies to reflect certain business combination effects, including the amortization of the acquired intangible asset, stock-based compensation, income tax impact, and acquisition-related costs incurred by the Company and these three acquired companies as though these business combinations occurred as of February 1, 2021, the beginning of the Company s fiscal 2022. The historical consolidated financial information in the unaudited pro forma tables above has been adjusted in the pro forma combined financial results to give effect to pro forma events that are directly attributable to these business combinations, reasonably estimable, and factually supportable. The pro forma financial information is for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the business combinations had taken place as of February 1, 2021. 
 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, the Company acquired certain assets from a privately-held company for million in cash. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination. In allocating the aggregate purchase consideration based on the estimated fair values, the Company recorded million as a developed technology intangible asset (to be amortized over an estimated useful life of and million as goodwill, which is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The Company believes the goodwill balance associated with this business combination represents the synergies expected from expanded market opportunities when integrating the acquired developed technologies with the Company s offerings. 
 
 Acquisition-related costs associated with this business combination were not material for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, and were recorded as a general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The results of operations of the business combination have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. The business combination did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, historical results of operations prior to the acquisition date and pro forma results of operations have not been presented. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 ) Developed technology ) Assembled workforce ) Patents ) Other ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets trademarks Total intangible assets, net 
 
 January 31, 2022 Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Finite-lived intangible assets: Assembled workforce ) Developed technology ) Patents ) Other ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets trademarks Total intangible assets, net 
 
 Intangible assets acquired during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 consisted primarily of developed community and developed technology intangible assets acquired in connection with business combinations. See Note 7 for further details. Intangible assets acquired during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 consisted primarily of million of assembled workforce assets with a useful life of . 
 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Additions and related adjustments (1) 
 Balance January 31, 2023 
 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes measurement period adjustments related to the Company s preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, which did not have a material impact on goodwill. See Note 7 for further details. 

9. 
 Employee contributions under employee stock purchase plan Accrued third-party cloud infrastructure expenses Liabilities associated with sales, marketing and business development programs Accrued taxes Accrued professional services Accrued purchases of property and equipment Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

10. 
 Variable lease costs Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease costs 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company s operating leases were as follows: 
 
 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) Thereafter ) Total lease payments (receipts) ) Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 Other Contractual Commitments 
 
 Other contractual commitments relate mainly to third-party cloud infrastructure agreements and subscription arrangements used to facilitate the Company s operations at the enterprise level. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 (1) 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes million of remaining non-cancelable contractual commitments as of January 31, 2023 related to one of the Company's third-party cloud infrastructure agreements, under which the Company committed to spend an aggregate of at least million, between September 2020 and December 2025 with no minimum purchase commitment during any year. The Company is required to pay the difference if it fails to meet the minimum purchase commitment by December 2025, and such payment can be applied to qualifying expenditures for cloud infrastructure services for up to twelve months after December 2025. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company amended one of its third-party cloud infrastructure agreements effective February 1, 2023 (the January 2023 Amendment). Under the amended agreement, the Company has committed to spend an aggregate of at least billion from fiscal 2024 to fiscal 2028 on cloud infrastructure services million in fiscal 2024, million in fiscal 2025, million in fiscal 2026, million in fiscal 2027, and million in fiscal 2028), which are reflected in the table above. The Company is required to pay the difference if it fails to meet the minimum purchase commitment during any fiscal year, and such payment can be applied to qualifying expenditures for cloud infrastructure services during the term of the amended agreement. The remaining non-cancelable purchase commitments under the agreement prior to the January 2023 Amendment, the aggregate amount of which was million as of January 31, 2023, is not reflected in the table above as the Company is no longer required to fulfill such commitments. 
 
 401(k) Plan The Company sponsors a 401(k) defined contribution plan covering all eligible U.S. employees. Contributions to the 401(k) plan are discretionary. The Company did make any matching contributions to the 401(k) plan for each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 Legal Matters The Company is involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters, the Company believes that none of its current legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Letters of Credit As of January 31, 2023, the Company had a total of million in cash collateralized letters of credit outstanding, substantially in favor of certain landlords for the Company s leased facilities. These letters of credit renew annually and expire at various dates through fiscal 2033. 
 
 Indemnification The Company enters into indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including business partners, investors, contractors, customers, and the Company s officers, non-employee directors, and certain employees. The Company has agreed to indemnify and defend the indemnified party for claims and related losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party from actual or threatened third-party claims due to the Company s activities or non-compliance with certain representations and warranties made by the Company. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provisions due to the Company s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. For each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, losses recorded in the consolidated statements of operations in connection with the indemnification provisions were not material. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 million, were automatically converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock on -to-one basis and their carrying value of billion was reclassified into stockholders equity. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, there were shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

12. 
 million shares of its Class A common stock at per share, including million shares issued upon the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. The Company received net proceeds of billion after deducting underwriting discounts. In connection with the IPO: 
 all million shares of the Company s outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock automatically converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock on a -to-one basis; and 
 
 Salesforce Ventures LLC and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. each purchased million shares of the Company s Class A common stock at per share in concurrent private placements that closed immediately subsequent to the closing of the IPO. The Company received aggregate proceeds of million in these concurrent private placements and did not pay underwriting discounts with respect to the shares of Class A common stock that were sold in these private placements. 
 
 Prior to the IPO, deferred offering costs, which consist of direct incremental legal, accounting, and consulting fees relating to the IPO, were capitalized in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. These deferred offering costs, net of reimbursement received from the underwriters upon completion of the IPO, were not material. 
 
 Preferred Stock In connection with the IPO, the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which authorized the issuance of million shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of per share and with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of directors. 
 
 Common Stock and Elimination of Dual-Class Structure The Company has classes of common stock authorized: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. In connection with the IPO, the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorized the issuance of billion shares of Class A common stock and million shares of Class B common stock. On March 1, 2021, all million shares of the Company's then-outstanding Class B common stock, par value per share, were automatically converted into the same number of shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, pursuant to the terms of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. No additional shares of Class B common stock will be issued following such conversion. 
 
 The shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock were identical prior to the conversion, except with respect to voting, converting, and transfer rights. Prior to the conversion, each share of Class B common stock was entitled to cast votes per share on any matter submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. As a result of the conversion, all former holders of shares of Class B common stock are now holders of shares of Class A common stock, which is entitled to only vote per share on all matters subject to a stockholder vote. Class A and Class B common stock are referred to as common stock throughout the notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise indicated. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive any dividends as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 of the then outstanding Class A and Class B common stock; (b) September 15, 2027, which is the seventh anniversary of the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO; or (c) the date specified by a vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock, voting as a single class. 
 
 In addition, on March 3, 2021, the Company filed a certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware effecting the retirement of the shares of Class B common stock that were issued but no longer outstanding following the conversion. Upon the effectiveness of the certificate, the Company s total number of authorized shares of capital stock was reduced by the retirement of million shares of Class B common stock. 
 
 Restricted stock units outstanding 2020 Equity Incentive Plan: Options outstanding Restricted stock units outstanding Shares available for future grants 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Shares available for future grants Total shares of common stock reserved for future issuance 
 
 In February 2020, certain third parties unaffiliated with the Company commenced an offer to purchase existing outstanding shares of the Company s Class B common stock from certain equity holders at a price of per share. The Company was not a party to this transaction. The transaction was completed in March 2020, and an aggregate of million shares of the Company s Class B common stock were transferred to these third parties. 
 
 Equity Incentive Plans In 2012, the Company s board of directors approved the adoption of the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (2012 Plan). The 2012 Plan provides for the grant of stock-based awards to employees, non-employee directors, and other service providers of the Company. The 2012 Plan was terminated in September 2020 in connection with the IPO but continues to govern the terms of outstanding awards that were granted prior to the termination of the 2012 Plan. No further stock-based awards will be granted under the 2012 Plan. With the establishment of the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (2020 Plan) as further discussed below, upon the expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or reacquisition of any shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock-based awards granted under the 2012 Plan, an equal number of shares of Class A common stock will become available for grant under the 2020 Plan. On March 1, 2021, all shares of the Company s then-outstanding Class B common stock were automatically converted into the same number of shares of Class A common stock. As a result of this conversion, options and RSUs that were previously denominated in shares of Class B common stock and issued under the 2012 Plan remained unchanged, except that they represent the right to receive shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of the Company s Class A common stock have been reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan in addition to (i) any annual automatic evergreen increases in the number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan and (ii) upon the expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or reacquisition of any shares of Class B common stock underlying outstanding stock awards granted under the 2012 Plan, an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, such number of shares not to exceed million. On February 1, 2022, the shares available for future grants under the 2020 Plan were automatically increased by million shares pursuant to the provision described in the preceding sentence. 
 
 In September 2020, the Company s board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2020 ESPP), which became effective in connection with the IPO. The 2020 ESPP authorizes the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to purchase rights granted to employees. A total of million shares of the Company s Class A common stock have been reserved for future issuance under the 2020 ESPP, in addition to any annual automatic evergreen increases in the number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2020 ESPP. On February 1, 2022, the shares available for future grants under the 2020 ESPP were automatically increased by million shares pursuant to the provision described in the preceding sentence. The price at which Class A common stock is purchased under the 2020 ESPP is equal to of the fair market value of a share of the Company s Class A common stock on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. Offering periods are generally long and begin on March 15 and September 15 of each year, except for the first two offering periods. The initial offering period began on September 15, 2020 and ended on February 26, 2021. The second offering period began on March 1, 2021 and ended on September 14, 2021. 
 
 Stock Options Stock options granted under the 2012 Plan and the 2020 Plan (collectively, the Plans) generally vest based on continued service over and expire from the date of grant. Certain stock options granted under the 2012 Plan are exercisable at any time following the date of grant and expire from the date of grant. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Shares authorized Shares ceased to be available for issuance under the 2012 Plan ) Options granted ) Options exercised ) Options canceled ) Repurchase of unvested common stock RSUs granted ) RSUs forfeited Balance January 31, 2021 
 Shares authorized Options exercised ) Options canceled ) RSUs granted ) RSUs forfeited Balance January 31, 2022 
 Shares authorized Options granted ) Options exercised ) Options canceled ) RSUs granted ) Shares withheld related to net share settlement of RSUs RSUs forfeited Balance January 31, 2023 
 Vested and exercisable as of January 31, 2023 

options were granted during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2021 was and , respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was billion, billion, and billion, respectively. The aggregate grant-date fair value of options that vested during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Early Exercised Stock Options Common stock purchased pursuant to an early exercise of stock options is not deemed to be outstanding for accounting purposes until those shares vest. The consideration received for an exercise of an option is considered to be a deposit of the exercise price and the related dollar amount is recorded in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The shares issued upon the early exercise of these unvested stock option awards, which are reflected as exercises in the stock option activity table above, are considered to be legally issued and outstanding on the date of exercise. Upon termination of service, the Company may repurchase unvested shares acquired through the early exercise of stock options at a price equal to the price per share paid upon the exercise of such options. Shares subject to repurchase as a result of early exercised options were not material as of each January 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 with a cliff vesting period of one year and continued vesting quarterly thereafter. The performance-based vesting condition is satisfied on the earlier of (i) the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act for the sale of the Company s common stock or (ii) immediately prior to the closing of a change in control of the Company. Both events were not deemed probable until consummated, and therefore, stock-based compensation related to these RSUs remained unrecognized prior to the effectiveness of the IPO. Upon the effectiveness of the IPO in September 2020, the performance-based vesting condition was satisfied, and therefore, the Company recognized cumulative stock-based compensation of million using the accelerated attribution method for the portion of the RSU awards for which the service-based vesting condition has been fully or partially satisfied. RSUs granted after the IPO do not contain the performance-based vesting condition described above, and the related stock-based compensation is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested Balance January 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested Balance January 31, 2022 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested Balance January 31, 2023 

Restricted Common Stock Restricted common stock is not deemed to be outstanding for accounting purposes until it vests. 
 
 From time to time, the Company has granted restricted common stock outside of the Plans. 
 Vested ) Unvested Balance January 31, 2021 
 Vested ) Unvested Balance January 31, 2022 
 Granted Vested ) Unvested Balance January 31, 2023 

103 

Table of Contents 

 founders a total of million shares of the Company s common stock outside of the Plans in exchange for a portion of their Streamlit stock. These shares are subject to vesting agreements pursuant to which the shares will vest over , subject to each founder s continued employment with the Company or its affiliates. The million fair value of these shares are accounted for as post-combination stock-based compensation over the requisite service period of . As of January 31, 2023, all million shares remained unvested. 
 
 In December 2017, the Company issued million shares of restricted common stock outside of the Plans to an employee at per share, payable by a promissory note. The promissory note accrued interest at the lower of per annum or the maximum interest rate on commercial loans permissible by law and was partially secured by the underlying restricted stock. The promissory note was considered nonrecourse from an accounting standpoint, and therefore the note was not reflected in the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of stockholders equity (deficit). Rather, the note and the share purchases were accounted for as stock option grants, with the related stock-based compensation measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and recognized over the vesting period of . The associated shares are legally outstanding and included in the balance of Class B common stock outstanding in the consolidated financial statements during the periods in which Class B common stock was outstanding and in the balance of Class A common stock outstanding thereafter. None of these shares of restricted common stock were considered vested before the underlying promissory note was repaid. In May and June 2020, the outstanding principal amount and all accrued interest under this promissory note of million was repaid, and the million shares of restricted common stock were fully vested as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 stock options were granted during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 
 
 Expected term For stock options considered to be plain vanilla options, the Company estimates the expected term based on the simplified method, which is essentially the weighted average of the vesting period and contractual term, as the Company s historical option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. 
 
 Expected volatility Prior to fiscal 2023, the Company performed an analysis of using the average volatility of a peer group of representative public companies with sufficient trading history over the expected term to develop an expected volatility assumption. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, the Company began using the average volatility of its Class A common stock and the stocks of a peer group of representative public companies to develop an expected volatility assumption. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Risk-free rate is estimated based upon quoted market yields for the United States Treasury debt securities for a term consistent with the expected life of the awards in effect at the time of grant. 
 
 Expected dividend yield Because the Company has never paid and has no intention to pay cash dividends on common stock, the expected dividend yield is zero. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized Capitalized stock-based compensation Total stock-based compensation 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, total compensation cost related to unvested equity awards not yet recognized was billion, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

13. ) ) Foreign Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Deferred benefit: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) ) State taxes, net of federal benefit Research and development credits ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance IRC Section 59A waived deductions Other ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 
 A valuation allowance has been recognized to offset the Company s deferred tax assets, as necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on evidence, are not expected to be realized. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company believes it is more likely than not that its U.S. and U.K. deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable and continues to maintain a full valuation allowance against these net deferred tax assets. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Tax credit carryforwards Capitalized research and development Stock-based compensation Operating lease liabilities Net unrealized losses on strategic investments Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred commissions ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Net unrealized gains on strategic investments ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 The valuation allowance was billion and billion as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily relating to U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. The valuation allowance increased million during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, primarily due to increased U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, capitalized research and development, and stock-based compensation. The valuation allowance increased billion and million during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily due to increased U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, deferred revenue, and stock-based compensation. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Company had U.S. federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of billion, billion, and million, respectively. Of the billion U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards, billion may be carried forward indefinitely with utilization limited to 80 of taxable income, and the remaining billion will begin to expire in 2032. The state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2023. Of the million foreign net operating loss carryforwards, million may be carried forward indefinitely, and the remaining million will begin to expire in 2027. As of January 31, 2023, the Company also had federal and state tax credits of million and million, respectively. The federal tax credit carryforwards will expire beginning in 2032 if not utilized. The state tax credit carryforwards do not expire. Utilization of the Company s net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an annual limitation could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. 
 
 Foreign withholding taxes have not been provided for the cumulative undistributed earnings of the Company s foreign subsidiaries as of January 31, 2023 due to the Company s intention to permanently reinvest such earnings. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to these earnings is not practicable. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Increases based on tax positions during the prior period Increases based on tax positions during the current period Ending balance 
 
 There were interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits for each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 Although it is reasonably possible that certain unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease within the next 12 months due to tax examination changes, settlement activities, or the impact on recognition and measurement considerations related to the results of published tax cases or other similar activities, the Company does not anticipate any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions, and in various international jurisdictions. Tax years 2012 and forward generally remain open for examination for federal and state tax purposes. Tax years 2017 and forward generally remain open for examination for foreign tax purposes. To the extent utilized in future years tax returns, net operating loss carryforwards at January 31, 2023 and 2022 will remain subject to examination until the respective tax year is closed. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Act) into law. The Inflation Act contains certain tax measures, including a corporate alternative minimum tax of 15 on some large corporations and an excise tax of 1 on share repurchases. The Company is currently evaluating the various provisions of the Inflation Act and does not anticipate the impact, if any, will be material to the Company, including in connection with the Company s stock repurchase program. 

14.) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net loss attributable to Snowflake Inc. Class A and Class B common stockholders ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Snowflake Inc. Class A and Class B common stockholders basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Snowflake Inc. Class A and Class B common stockholders basic and diluted 

108 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs Unvested restricted common stock and early exercised stock options Employee stock purchase rights under the 2020 ESPP Total 

15. 
 million by purchasing non-marketable equity securities issued by a privately-held company (the Strategic Investee), which is partially owned by of the holders of more than of the Company s capital stock as of the time of investment, and members of the Company s board of directors are also members of the board directors of this privately-held company. In addition, the Company has entered into immaterial customer agreements and vendor contracts with the Strategic Investee since fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2018, respectively. In November 2021, the Strategic Investee raised additional funding in an orderly transaction, at which time it was no longer considered a related party of the Company. 

16. 
 million in cash, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired, and (ii) all outstanding stock of LeapYear Technologies, Inc., a privately-held company which provides a differential privacy platform, for approximately million in cash, net of cash and restricted cash acquired. The Company is currently evaluating the purchase price allocation for these transactions. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 In February 2023, the Company s board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to billion of its outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be effected, from time to time, either on the open market (including via pre-set trading plans), in privately negotiated transactions, or through other transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws. The program is funded using the Company s working capital and will expire in March 2025. 
 
 The timing and amount of any repurchases will be determined by management based on an evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of January 31, 2023. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of January 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2023. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended January 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 
 
 We maintain a Global Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to all our employees, officers, contractors, and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The full text of our Global Code of Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at www.investors.snowflake.com under Governance . We intend to disclose on our website any future amendments of our Global Code of Conduct and Ethics or waivers that exempt any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, persons performing similar functions, or our directors from provisions in the Global Code of Conduct and Ethics. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2023. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 a. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 The consolidated financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 b. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 c. Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Snowflake Inc. 
 8-K 001-39504 3.1 9/18/2020 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Snowflake Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-248280 3.4 9/8/2020 3.3 
 Certificate of Retirement. 
 8-K 001-39504 3.1 3/3/2021 4.1 
 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1/A 333-248280 4.1 9/8/2020 4.2 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement by and among Snowflake Inc. and certain holders of its capital stock, dated February 7, 2020, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-248280 10.1 9/8/2020 4.3 
 Description of Securities. 
 10-K 001-39504 4.3 3/30/2022 10.1 
 Snowflake Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.3 8/24/2020 10.2 
 Forms of Option Agreement, Stock Option Grant Notice, and Notice of Exercise under 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.4 8/24/2020 10.3 
 Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.5 8/24/2020 10.4 
 Snowflake Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-248280 10.6 9/8/2020 10.5 
 Forms of Notice of Stock Option Grant, Global Stock Option Agreement, and Exercise Notice under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 X 10.6 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 X 10.7 
 Snowflake Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-248280 10.9 9/8/2020 10.8 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between Snowflake and each director and executive officer. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.10 8/24/2020 10.9 
 Offer Letter by and between Snowflake and Frank Slootman, dated April 26, 2019. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.11 8/24/2020 10.10 
 Offer Letter by and between Snowflake and Michael P. Scarpelli, dated April 29, 2019. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.12 8/24/2020 10.11 
 Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between Snowflake Inc. and Benoit Dageville, dated August 21, 2020. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.13 8/24/2020 10.12 
 Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between Snowflake Inc. and Christopher W. Degnan, dated August 21, 2020. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.14 8/24/2020 10.13 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 
 X 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 10.14 
 Severance and Change in Control Plan and related participation agreement. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.18 8/24/2020 10.15 
 Cash Incentive Bonus Plan. 
 S-1 333-248280 10.19 8/24/2020 10.16 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Snowflake Inc., salesforce.com, inc., and Salesforce Ventures LLC, dated as of September 5, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-248280 10.20 9/8/2020 10.17 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Snowflake Inc. and Berkshire Hathaway Inc., dated as of September 7, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-248280 10.21 9/8/2020 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Snowflake Inc. 
 X 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 X 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 X 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101). X 
 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: March 29, 2023 
 SNOWFLAKE INC. By: /s/ Frank Slootman Name: Frank Slootman Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Michael P. Scarpelli Name: Michael P. Scarpelli Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Frank Slootman and Michael P. Scarpelli, and each one of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in their name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Frank Slootman Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 March 29, 2023 
 Frank Slootman /s/ Michael P. Scarpelli Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 March 29, 2023 
 Michael P. Scarpelli /s/ Benoit Dageville Director March 29, 2023 
 Benoit Dageville /s/ Teresa Briggs Director March 29, 2023 
 Teresa Briggs /s/ Jeremy Burton Director March 29, 2023 
 Jeremy Burton /s/ Carl M. Eschenbach Director March 29, 2023 
 Carl M. Eschenbach /s/ Mark S. Garrett Director March 29, 2023 
 Mark S. Garrett /s/ Kelly A. Kramer Director March 29, 2023 
 Kelly A. Kramer /s/ John D. McMahon Director March 29, 2023 
 John D. McMahon /s/ Michael L. Speiser Director March 29, 2023 
 Michael L. Speiser /s/ Jayshree V. Ullal Director March 29, 2023 
 Jayshree V. Ullal 

116 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 ex-105snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 

 SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 

Snowflake Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), has granted to you Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Class A Common Stock set forth below (the Option ). Your Option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Plan, the Global Stock Option Agreement, including any appendices thereto (the Appendices ), and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are provided to you and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Global Stock Option Agreement (including the Appendices) shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Global Stock Option Agreement, as applicable. 
 
 Optionholder Date of Grant Vesting Commencement Date Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock Subject to Option Exercise Price (Per Share) Expiration Date 
 
 Type of Grant 
 Incentive Stock Option OR Nonstatutory Stock Option 
 
 Exercise and 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Subject to the Optionholder s Continuous Service through each applicable vesting date, the Option will vest as follows 
 
 __________ 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, vesting shall (i) terminate and any unvested portion of the Option shall be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and (ii) be subject to the Company s Leave of Absence Policy for Equity, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Optionholder Acknowledgements By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that 
 
 The Option is governed by this Global Stock Option Grant Notice, and the provisions of the Plan and the Global Stock Option Agreement (including the Appendices) and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are made a part of this document. This Grant Notice, the Global Stock Option Agreement, and the Appendices (collectively, the Agreement may not be modified, amended, or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the Plan. 
 
 1 

If the Option is an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options granted to you) cannot be first exercisable for more than USD 100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year. Any excess over USD 100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
 
 You consent to receive the Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus, and any other Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Agreement, and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Agreement (including the Grant Notice, the Global Option Agreement, and the Appendices), the Notice of Exercise, or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 
 This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Class A Common Stock in connection with this Option and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises, and or representations on that subject. 
 
 Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, if you have not actively accepted the Option within 90 days of the Date of Grant set forth in this Stock Option Grant Notice, you are deemed to have accepted the Option, subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and Agreement. 
 
 SNOWFLAKE INC. OPTIONHOLDER By Signature Signature Title Date Date 

2 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

As reflected by your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice Snowflake Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase a number of shares of Class A Common Stock at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice (the Option ). The terms of your Option as specified in the Grant Notice and this Global Stock Option Agreement, including the Appendices described below, constitute your Agreement (the Grant Notice, Global Stock Option Agreement, and Appendices, collectively, are referred to as the Agreement ). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Global Stock Option Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable. 
 
 The general terms and conditions applicable to your Option are as follows 
 
 1. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT. Your Option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan. Your Option is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Without limitation to the foregoing, your Option is subject to the terms of the Company s Leave of Absence Policy for Equity, as amended from time to time. In the event of any conflict between the Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 
 2. EXERCISE. 
 
 (a) You may generally exercise the vested portion of your Option for whole shares of Class A Common Stock at any time during its term by delivery of payment of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes and other required documentation to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the exercise procedures established by the Plan Administrator, which may include an electronic submission. Please review the Plan, which may restrict or prohibit your ability to exercise your Option during certain periods. 
 
 (b) To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, you may pay your Option exercise price as follows 
 
 i. cash, check, bank draft or money order 
 
 ii. subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, pursuant to a cashless exercise program as further described in the Plan if at the time of exercise the Class A Common Stock is publicly traded 
 
 iii. subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, by delivery of previously owned shares of Class A Common Stock as further described in the Plan or 
 
 iv. subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement as further described in the Plan. 

1 

3. TERM. You may not exercise your vested Option before the commencement of its term or after its term expires. The term of your Option commences on the Date of Grant and expires upon the earliest of the following 
 
 (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause 
 
 (b) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability or death 
 
 (c) 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability 
 
 (d) 18 months after your death if you die during your Continuous Service 
 
 (e) immediately upon a Corporate Transaction if the Board has determined that the Option will terminate in connection with a Corporate Transaction, 
 
 (f) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice or 
 
 (g) the day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die during the period provided in Section 3(b), the term of your Option shall not expire until the earlier of (i) 18 months after your death, (ii) upon any termination of the Option in connection with a Corporate Transaction, (iii) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice, or (iv) the day before the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. Additionally, the Post-Termination Exercise Period of your Option may be extended as provided in the Plan. 
 
 To obtain the U.S. federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the date of grant of your Option and ending on the day three months before the date on which your option becomes exercisable, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. If the Company provides for the extended exercisability of your Option under certain circumstances for your benefit, your Option will not necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you exercise your Option more than three months after the date your employment terminates. 
 
 2 

4. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS. 
 
 (a) Regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate to which you provide Continuous Service (the Service Recipient with respect to any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, or other tax related items associated with the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option or sale of the underlying Class A Common Stock or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax Liability ), you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Tax Liability is your ultimate responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding any Tax Liability in connection with any aspect of this Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the issuance of Class A Common Stock pursuant to such exercise, the subsequent sale of shares of Class A Common Stock, and the payment of any dividends on the shares and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate your Tax Liability or achieve a particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Service Recipient (or former service recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 (b) In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Service Recipient to satisfy all Tax Liability. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan, you hereby authorize the Company and any applicable Service Recipient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to the Tax Liability by one or a combination of the following methods (i) causing you to pay any portion of the Tax Liability in cash or cash equivalent in a form acceptable to the Company (ii) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or the Service Recipient (iii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option (including by means of a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company, or by means of the Company acting as your agent to sell sufficient shares of Class A Common Stock for the proceeds to settle such withholding requirements, on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iv) withholding shares of Class A Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of the Option, provided that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Company s Compensation Committee and or (v) any other method determined by the Company to be in compliance with Applicable Law. Furthermore, you agree to pay the Company or the Service Recipient any amount the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold, collect or pay as a result of your participation in the Plan or that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. In the event it is determined that the amount of the Tax Liability was greater than the amount withheld by the Company and or the Service Recipient, as applicable, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and or the Service Recipient (as applicable) harmless from any failure by the Company or the applicable Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount. 
 
 3 

(c) The Company may withhold or account for your Tax Liability by considering statutory or other withholding rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s), including (i) maximum applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s), in which case you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (whether from applicable tax authorities or the Company) and you will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Class A Common Stock or (ii) minimum or such other applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s), in which case you may be solely responsible for paying any additional Tax Liability to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or the Service Recipient. If the Tax Liability withholding obligation is satisfied by withholding shares of Class A Common Stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to the exercised portion of the Option, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Class A Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying such Tax Liability. 
 
 (d) You acknowledge that you may not be able to exercise your Option even though the Option is vested, and that the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Class A Common Stock, in each case, unless and until you have fully satisfied any applicable Tax Liability, as determined by the Company. Unless any withholding obligation for the Tax Liability is satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Class A Common Stock in respect of the Option. 
 
 5. Incentive Stock Option Disposition Requirement. If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, you must notify the Company in writing within 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Class A Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two years after the date of your option grant or within one year after such shares of Class A Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. 
 
 6. Transferability. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your Option is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. 
 
 7. Corporate Transaction. Your Option is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 
 
 8. No Liability for Taxes. As a condition to accepting the Option, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to any Tax Liability arising from the Option or any other compensation from the Company or the Service Recipient and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Option and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, if you are subject to taxation in the U.S., (i) you acknowledge that the Option is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise price is at least equal to the fair market value of the Class A Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Option, and (ii) as a condition to accepting the Option, you agree not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise is less than the fair market value of the Class A Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 9. Data Privacy. In order for the Company to administer the Option and your participation in the Plan, the Company must collect, process and transfer certain of your personal data, as further described in Appendix A to this Global Stock Option Agreement. Appendix A constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 
 4 

10. Severability. If any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 
 11. Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s Insider Trading Policy. 
 
 12. Questions. If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your Option, including a summary of the applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences, please see the Prospectus (or, for a summary of the tax consequences if you are based outside the U.S., the employee information supplement to the Prospectus applicable for your jurisdiction). 
 
 13. Intentionally Omitted . 
 
 14. Governing Law. This Agreement and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in any application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 15. Waiver. You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of any provision, or breach thereof, of this Agreement on any occasion shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of such provision on any other occasion or as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 
 16. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 17. No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock. You should consult with your own personal tax, financial and or legal advisors regarding the Tax Liability arising in connection with the Option and by accepting the Option, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. 
 
 18. Country-Specific Provisions. The Option shall be subject to any additional or different terms and conditions set forth in Appendix B to this Global Stock Option Agreement. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in Appendix B, the additional or different terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix B constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 
 5 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 APPENDIX A TO GLOBAL STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

This Appendix A forms part of the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix A have the meanings set forth in the Plan and or in the Global Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 DATA PRIVACY. To participate in the Plan, you need to review the information provided in (a) through (f) below and, where applicable, consent to the processing of Personal Data (as defined below) by the Company and the third parties according to (g) below. 
 
 If you are based in the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (collectively, EEA+ ), Snowflake Inc., with its registered office in the state of Delaware at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA is the controller responsible for the processing of your Personal Data in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. The Company's representative in the EU is Snowflake Computing Netherlands B.V. with its primary office located at FOZ Building, Gustav Mahleraan 300-314, 1082 ME Amsterdam, Netherlands. The Company s representative in the United Kingdom is Snowflake Computing U.K. Limited with its primary office located at 14th Floor, The Bower 207 Old Street, London, United Kingdom, EC1V 9NR. 
 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . The Company collects, processes and uses Personal Data about you, including your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Class A Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options over shares of Class A Common Stock or any other entitlement to shares of Class A Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, which the Company receives from you or the Service Recipient Personal Data ). In order for you to participate in the Plan, the Company will collect Personal Data for purposes of allocating shares of Class A Common Stock and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 If you are based in the EEA+, the Company s legal basis for the processing of Personal Data is the necessity of the processing for the Company's performance of its obligations under the Agreement and the Company s legitimate interest of complying with statutory obligations to which it is subject. 
 
 If you are based in any other jurisdiction, the Company relies on your consent to the processing of Personal Data, as further described below. 
 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration and Service Provides . The Company may transfer Personal Data to Cooley LLP, Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., and or Solium Plan Managers LLC (each, an administrator ), each of which is an independent service provider based in the U.S., which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Administrators may open an account for you to receive and, when applicable, trade shares of Class A Common Stock. You may be asked to acknowledge, or agree to, separate terms and data processing practices with any administrator, with such acknowledgement or agreement being a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 6 

(c) International Data Transfers . Personal Data will be transferred from your country to the U.S., where the Company and its service providers are based. You understand and acknowledge that the U.S. has enacted data privacy laws that are different from those applicable in your country of residence. The EU Commission has determined that an appropriate level of protection can be achieved by implementing safeguards such as the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the EU Commission. 
 
 If you are based in the EEA+, Personal Data will be transferred from the EEA+ to the Company based on the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the EU Commission that are entered into by the Company and its Affiliates located in the EEA+. The onward transfer of your Personal Data by the Company to the administrators will be based on a data processing agreement or the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. You may request a copy of such appropriate safeguards at privacy snowflake.com . 
 
 If you are based in any other jurisdiction, the Company relies on your consent to the transfer of Personal Data to the U.S., as further described below. 
 
 (d) Data Retention . The Company will use Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement, administer and manage my participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including, without limitation, under tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer needs Personal Data for any of the above purposes, which will generally be seven (7) years after you participate in the Plan, the Company will cease to use Personal Data and remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps Personal Data longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be relevant laws or regulations (if you are in the EEA+) and or your consent (if you are outside the EEA+). 
 
 (e) Data Subject Rights . You understand that you may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in your jurisdiction. Subject to the conditions set out in the applicable law and depending on where you are based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access to, or copies of, Personal Data processed by the Company, (ii) rectification of incorrect Personal Data, (iii) deletion of Personal Data, (iv) restrictions on the processing of Personal Data, (v) object to the processing of Personal Data for legitimate interests, (vi) portability of Personal Data, (vii) lodge complaints with competent authorities in your jurisdiction, and or to (viii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, you can contact privacy snowflake.com . 
 
 (f) Necessary Disclosure of Personal Data . You understand that providing the Company with Personal Data is necessary for the performance of the Agreement and that your refusal to provide Personal Data or, where applicable, consent to process and transfer Personal Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 (g) Data Privacy Consent . If you are located in a jurisdiction outside the EEA+, you hereby voluntarily and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Personal Data, as described above and in any other Award materials, by and among, as applicable, the Company, the Service Recipient and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing privacy snowflake.com . If you do not consent or later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Service Recipient will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Option or other equity awards to you or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you should contact privacy snowflake.com . 
 7 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 APPENDIX B TO GLOBAL STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Terms and Conditions 
 
 This Appendix B forms part of the Agreement and includes special terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work in one of the jurisdictions listed below. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix B have the meanings set forth in the Plan and or in the Global Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 If you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the country in which you are currently residing and or working, or if you relocate to another country after the grant of the Option, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the special terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 

Notifications 
 
 This Appendix B may also include information regarding securities, exchange control and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of July 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you vest in the Option, exercise the Option and acquire shares of Class A Common Stock, or sell shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained below is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation and, as a result, the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your individual situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, or if you relocate to another country after grant of the Option, the information contained in this Appendix B may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 
 
 ALL COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
 
 NATURE OF GRANT. By accepting this Option, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past 
 8 

(c) all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 (d) the grant of the Option and your participation in the Plan will not create a right to continue to serve the Company or the Service Recipient in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted 
 
 (e) the grant of the Option and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Service Recipient, and will not interfere with the right (if any) of the Company or the Service Recipient, as applicable, to terminate your Continuous Service 
 
 (f) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (g) the Option and the Class A Common Stock subject to the Option, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (h) the Option and the Class A Common Stock subject to the Option, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (i) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Option and the Class A Common Stock subject to the Option, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (j) the future value of the underlying Class A Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty if the value of the shares of Class A Common Stock does not increase, the Option will have no value if you acquire shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of the Option, the value of the shares may increase or decrease, even below the exercise price 
 
 (k) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment or labor laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) 
 
 9 

(l) for purposes of the Option, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment or labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and such date will not be extended by any notice period e.g ., your period of Continuous Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment or labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) the Board or, if delegated pursuant to Section 2 of the Plan, the Compensation Committee or a designated officer of the Company (or a designee of any of the foregoing), shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Option (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence, in accordance with the Company s Leave of Absence Policy for Equity, as amended from time to time) and 
 
 (m) neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to you upon exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Class A Common Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 LANGUAGE. You acknowledge and represent that you are sufficiently proficient in the English language, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language, so as to enable you to understand the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. If you have received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT, EXCHANGE CONTROL AND TAX REPORTING. 
 
 You acknowledge that, depending on your country, there may be certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements or exchange control restrictions which may affect your ability to acquire or hold the Option or the shares of Class A Common Stock or cash received from participating in the Plan (including proceeds from the sale of shares and dividends paid on shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or related transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable foreign asset account, exchange control and tax reporting requirements and should consult your personal legal and tax advisors on this matter. 
 
 10 

INSIDER TRADING RESTRICTIONS MARKET ABUSE LAWS. 
 
 You may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including but not limited to the United States and your country, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Class A Common Stock, rights to shares of Class A Common Stock (e.g., the Option) or rights linked to the value of shares of Class A Common Stock during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. You should keep in mind that third parties can include fellow employees and service providers. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions and you should speak with your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
 
 VENUE. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant of the Option or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Delaware and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or the federal district court for the District of Delaware, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 
 ARGENTINA 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. Neither the Option nor the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina and, as a result, have not been and will not be registered with the Argentine Securities Commission Comisi n Nactional de Valores ). The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental authority. Neither this nor any other offering material related to the Option or the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock may be utilized in connection with any general offering to the public in Argentina. Argentine residents who acquire an Option under the Plan do so according to the terms of a private offering made from outside Argentina. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Exchange control restrictions and requirements may impact the ability to remit funds out of Argentina in order to exercise the Option. Therefore, you may be required to pay your Option exercise price by way of a cashless exercise program or other method of payment which does not require you to remit funds out of Argentina. Exchange control restrictions and requirements may also apply if and when you transfer proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock into Argentina. Exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to change. You should speak with your personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that you may have prior to the exercise of the Option or remitting funds into Argentina, as you are responsible for complying with applicable exchange control laws. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. If you hold shares of Class A Common Stock as of December 31 of any year, you are required to report the holding of the shares of Class A Common Stock on your personal tax return for the relevant year. 
 
 ARMENIA 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 11 

AUSTRALIA 
 
 TAX INFORMATION. It is intended that Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies to the Option granted under the Plan, such that the Option will be subject to deferred taxation. 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. By accepting the Option and participating in the Plan, you agree that you will comply with applicable Brazilian laws and report and pay any and all Tax Liability associated with the vesting and exercise of the Option, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 NATURE OF GRANT. The following provision supplements the Nature of Grant provision of this Appendix B 
 
 By accepting the Option, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you are making an investment decision, and (ii) the value of the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period or before you exercise the Option, without compensation to you. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit a declaration of assets and rights (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan) held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than USD 1,000,000. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements . 
 
 CANADA 
 
 METHOD OF PAYMENT. This provision supplements Section 2 Exercise of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 
 Due to tax considerations in Canada, you will not be permitted to pay your Option exercise price using the methods set forth in Section 2(b)(iii) or (iv) of the Global Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 TERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE. This provision replaces subsection (l) of the Nature of Grant provision of this Appendix B 
 
 For purposes of the Option, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated, and the right (if any) to vest in the Option will terminate (and your right, if any, to exercise the Option after termination of your Continuous Service will be measured) effective, as of the date that is the earliest of (a) the date your employment or service relationship with the Company, Service Recipient, or any of its Affiliates is terminated, and (b) the date you receive notice of termination of your employment or service relationship with the Company Service Recipient, or an Affiliate, regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under applicable employment law in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing services or the terms of your employment agreement, if any. You will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting or extended exercisability for that portion of time before the date on which your Continuous Service is terminated (as determined under this provision) nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting or exercisability. 
 
 12 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting or the extension of exercisability during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate (and your right, if any, to exercise the vested portion of the Option after termination of your Continuous Service will be measured) effective as of the last day of your minimum statutory notice period and you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting or extended exercisability if the vesting date falls after (or the post-termination exercise period is measured from) the end of the statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting or exercisability. 
 
 DATA PRIVACY. This provision supplements the Data Privacy provision of Appendix A 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company or any Affiliate, including the Service Recipient, and any agents or representatives to (i) discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan, and (ii) disclose and discuss any and all information relevant to the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company or any Affiliate, including the Service Recipient, and any agents or representatives to record such information and to keep such information in your file. If you are resident in Quebec, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information, including sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the United States. You acknowledge and authorize the Company and other parties involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on you or the administration of the Plan. 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The sale or other disposal of the shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan may not take place within Canada. If the Class A Common Stock is registered under the Securities Act, you will be permitted to sell shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Class A Common Stock takes place outside Canada through the facilities of the exchange on which the shares of Class A Common Stock are then listed. You should consult your personal legal advisor prior to selling shares of Class A Common Stock to ensure compliance with any applicable requirements. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. You are required to report foreign property on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. Foreign property includes shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan and may include the Option. The Option must be reported--generally at a nil cost--if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign property held. If shares of Class A Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the shares. The ACB ordinarily would equal the fair market value of the shares at the time of acquisition, but if other shares of Class A Common Stock are owned, this ACB may need to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares. The form T1135 generally must be filed by April 30 of the following year. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 The following provisions apply only if you reside in Quebec 
 
 LANGUAGE CONSENT. The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 13 

CONSENTEMENT RELATIF A LA LANGUE UTILISEE. Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette convention Agreement ), ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 NATURE OF GRANT. This provision supplements the Nature of Grant provision of this Appendix B 
 
 Pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, this Option and related benefits do not constitute a component of your salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, this Option and related benefits will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The shares of Class A Common Stock are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and therefore the shares of Class A Common Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement should be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Investments in shares outside of Colombia (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan) are subject to registration before the Central Bank Banco de la Rep blica as foreign investment held abroad, regardless of value. In addition, all payments for investments originating in Colombia (and the liquidation of such investments) must be transferred through the Colombian foreign exchange market e.g. , local banks), which includes the obligation of correctly completing and filing the appropriate foreign exchange form declaraci n de cambio ). 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. Colombian residents must file an annual informative return with the local tax authority regarding the assets held abroad, which includes any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan (for every year the shares of Class A Common Stock are held). This obligation is only applicable if the value of the assets held abroad exceeds 2,000 Tax Units. 
 
 DENMARK 
 
 DANISH STOCK OPTION ACT. By accepting this Option, you acknowledge that you have received an Employer Statement, translated into Danish, if you are entitled to receive one, which is provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act, as amended with effect from January 1, 2019. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. If you establish an account holding shares of Class A Common Stock or cash outside of Denmark, you must report the account and deposits on your annual tax return in the section on foreign affairs and income. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 14 

FRANCE 
 
 GRANT OF THE OPTION. This provision supplements the Grant Notice 
 
 The Option granted under this Agreement is not intended to qualify for special tax and social security treatment pursuant to Sections L. 225-177 to L. 225-186 and Sections L. 22-10-56 to L. 22-10-58 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 
 LANGUAGE CONSENT. You confirm having read and understood the documents relating to the Plan, including the Agreement, with all terms and conditions included therein, which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 
 CONSENTEMENT RELATIF LA LANGUE UTILIS E. Vous confirmez avoir lu et compris le Plan et cette convention Agreement ), incluant tous leurs termes et conditions, qui ont t transmis en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les dispositions de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. If you hold cash or securities (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan) outside of France or maintain a foreign bank account, you must report such account to the French tax authorities when filing your annual tax return. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Cross-border payments in excess of EUR 12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In case of payments in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock or the receipt of dividends), the report must be made by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was received. The report may be filed electronically and the form of report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de in both German and English, or by such other means as permitted by Bundesbank. In addition, you may be required to report the acquisition of shares of Class A Common Stock under the Plan to the Bundesbank via email or telephone if the value of the shares of Class A Common Stock acquired exceeds EUR 12,500. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 INDIA 
 
 EXERCISE RESTRICTION. This provision supplements Section 2 Exercise of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 
 You must comply at the time of exercise with applicable laws and regulations of India, including but not limited to the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 of India and the rules, regulations and amendments thereto FEMA ). To this end, you will not be permitted to pay the exercise price by a sell to cover arrangement where you sell some, but not all, of the shares of Class A Common Stock purchased on exercise of the Option (although the Company reserves the right to allow such method of payment depending on the development of local law). In addition, you may be required on exercise of your Option to immediately sell all shares of Class A Common Stock purchased on exercise in order to facilitate any required repatriation of proceeds in connection with your shares of Class A Common Stock issued on exercise of your Option. 
 
 15 

EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. You must repatriate any funds received from participation in the Plan e.g. , proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock) within such time as prescribed under applicable Indian exchange control laws, which may be amended from time to time. You should obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency and maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Company or the Service Recipient requests proof of repatriation. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. You must declare the following items in your annual tax return (i) any foreign assets held (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan), and (ii) any foreign bank accounts for which you have signing authority. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements . 
 
 INDONESIA 
 
 LANGUAGE CONSENT. By accepting the Option, you (i) confirm having read and understood the documents relating to this grant i.e ., the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accept the terms of those documents accordingly, and (iii) agree not to challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24 of 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation (when issued). 
 
 PERSETUJUAN BAHASA. Dengan menerima Option, (i) anda mengkonfirmasi bahwa anda telah membaca dan mengerti isi dokumen yang terkait dengan pemberian ini yang disediakan untuk anda dalam bahasa Inggris, (ii) Anda menerima syarat dari dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii) anda setuju bahwa anda tidak akan mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dokumen ini berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 tahun 2009 tentang Bendera, Bahasa dan Lambang Negara serta Lagu Kebangsaan atau Peraturan Presiden pelaksana (ketika diterbitkan). 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Indonesian residents must provide the Indonesian central bank, Bank of Indonesia, with information on foreign exchange activities on an online monthly report no later than the fifteenth day of the month following the month in which the activity occurred. Such report can be submitted through the Bank of Indonesia s website. 
 
 For foreign currency transactions exceeding USD 25,000, the underlying document of that transaction will have to be submitted to the relevant local bank. If there is a change of position in any foreign assets held (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan), this change in position e.g., sale of such shares) must be reported to the Bank of Indonesia no later than the 15th day of the month following the change in position. 
 
 If Indonesian residents remit funds out of or into Indonesia e.g., funds to pay the Option exercise price, proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock), the Indonesian bank through which the transaction is made will submit a report of the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia for statistical purposes. For transactions of USD 10,000 or more (or its equivalent in other currency), a more detailed description of the transaction must be included in the report and you may be required to provide information about the transaction e.g. , the relationship between you and the transferor or the funds, the source of the funds, etc.) to the bank in order to complete the transaction. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. Indonesian residents have the obligation to report their worldwide assets (including any foreign bank or brokerage accounts and shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan) in their annual individual income tax return. 
 
 16 

IRELAND 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 ISRAEL 
 
 TRUST ARRANGEMENT. Capitalized terms used but not defined in these provisions or the Plan or the Global Stock Option Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Sub-Plan to the Plan for Israeli participants (the Israel Sub-Plan ). 
 
 By accepting the Option, you understand and agree that the Options awarded under the Global Stock Option Agreement are subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Israel Sub-Plan, the Global Stock Option Agreement and the trust agreement between the Company and the trustee appointed by the Company or an Affiliate, or any successor trustee (the Trustee ). 
 
 TYPE OF GRANT. You acknowledge and agree that the Options are subject to the Plan, the Israel Sub-Plan and Sections 102(b)(2) and (3) of the ITO and the trust agreement, a copy of which has been made available to you. You confirm that (i) you are familiar with the terms and provisions of Section 102 of the ITO, particularly the capital gains track described in subsection (b)(2) and (3) thereof, and agree not to require the Trustee to release the shares of Class A Common Stock or to sell or transfer the shares of Class A Common Stock to you or any third party unless permitted to do so by applicable law (ii) the terms and restrictions set forth in the Israel Sub-Plan will apply to the grant in all respects, including without limitation with respect to mandatory withholding requirements for Tax Liability, and the rights and authorities of the Company, the Service Recipient and the Trustee with respect thereto, and (iii) the Company and any Affiliate and its assignees and successors shall be under no duty to ensure, and no representation or commitment is made, that the shares of Class A Common Stock qualify or shall qualify under any particular tax treatment. 
 
 You further acknowledge and agree that any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan shall be deposited with the Trustee, or shall be subject to a supervisory trustee arrangement approved by the ITA for the Trustee, in order to comply with the requirements of the capital gains track under Sections 102(b)(2) and (3) of the ITO. 
 
 You further understand that under current Israeli tax laws, the Section 102 Holding Period is counted from the Date of Grant. In the event that the Options granted under the Plan or the shares of Class A Common Stock do not meet the requirements of Section 102 of the ITO and the Israel Sub-Plan, they shall not qualify for the favorable tax treatment under the capital gains route. 
 
 You hereby undertake to release the Trustee from any liability in respect of any action or decision duly taken and bona fide executed in relation to the Plan, the Israel Sub-Plan or shares of Class A Common Stock issued thereunder. 
 
 You hereby confirm that, in addition to your agreement hereunder, the acceptance or exercise of the Option shall be deemed as irrevocable confirmation of your acknowledgements and undertakings herein with respect to such Option. 
 
 You have had the opportunity to consult your personal tax advisor prior to accepting this Agreement. 
 
 DATA PRIVACY. The following provision supplements the Data Privacy provision of Appendix A 
 
 17 

You hereby authorize the Company, the Trustee and their representatives to collect, use and transfer all relevant information regarding you to all Company personnel and agents and or third parties involved in the administration of the Plan and or in the event of a corporate financing, merger, acquisitions and or business transfers, including transfers outside of Israel and further transfers thereafter. 
 
 The following provisions apply if you were not an Israeli tax resident when the Options were granted or if the Option does not qualify as a 102 Capital Gains Track Grant 
 
 NON-TRUSTEE AWARD. The Option is subject to the Plan and is not made pursuant to Sections 102(b)(2) and (3) of the Israel Tax Ordinance and, in particular, is not eligible to benefit from the capital gains track described in subsection (b)(2) and (3) thereof. To facilitate compliance with tax requirements in Israel, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may require that any shares of Class A Common Stock purchased under the Plan be held with the Company's designated broker appointed under the Plan or another designee or that such shares be sold at such time specified by the Company. 
 
 ITALY 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SPECIFIC PROVISIONS. By accepting the Option, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and Agreement. 
 
 You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement Exercise Withholding Obligations No Liability for Taxes Other Documents Imposition of Other Requirements Nature of Grant Venue 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. If, at any time during the fiscal year, you hold foreign financial assets (including the Option and shares of Class A Common Stock) which may generate income taxable in Italy, you are required to report these assets on your annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held (or on a special form if no tax return is due). These reporting obligations will also apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements . 
 
 JAPAN 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. If you acquire shares of Class A Common Stock valued at more than JPY 100,000,000 in a single transaction, you must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan within twenty (20) days of the acquisition of the shares. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. You are required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31st (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan), to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding JPY 50,000,000. Such report is due by March 15th each year. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 18 

REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. If you remit funds out of South Korea to pay your Option exercise price, the remittance may need to be confirmed by a foreign exchange bank in South Korea. This is an automatic procedure, i.e. , the bank does not need to approve the remittance, and it should take no more than a single day to process. You may need to present to the bank processing the transaction the following supporting documents evidencing the nature of the remittance (i) the Global Stock Option Agreement (ii) the Plan and (iii) your certificate of employment. This confirmation is not necessary if you pay your Option exercise price by way of a cashless exercise program or other method of payment which does not require you to remit funds out of the Republic of Korea. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. Korean residents are required to declare all foreign financial accounts e.g. , non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts, etc.) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts in June of the following year if the monthly balance of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end date during a calendar year. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 MEXICO 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF THE AGREEMENT. By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan in its entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan. You further acknowledge that you have read and expressly approved the terms and conditions set forth in the Nature of Grant Section of Appendix B, in which the following is clearly described and established (i) your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right (ii) the Plan and your participation in the Plan are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis (iii) your participation in the Plan is voluntary and (iv) the Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the underlying shares. 
 
 LABOR LAW POLICY AND ACKNOWLEDGMENT. By participating in the Plan, you expressly recognize that Snowflake Inc., with its registered office in the State of Delaware at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and that your participation in the Plan and acquisition of shares do not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis. Based on the foregoing, you expressly recognize that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Company and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by the Company and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 You further understand that your participation in the Plan is as a result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue your participation at any time without any liability to you. 
 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and you therefore grant a full and broad release to the Company, its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, its shareholders, officers, agents or legal representatives with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 
 19 

RECONOCIMIENTO DEL CONTRATO. Al participar en el Plan, usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan, que ha revisado el Plan en su totalidad, y que entiende y acepta en su totalidad, todas y cada una de las disposiciones del Plan. Asimismo reconoce que ha le do y aprueba expresamente de los t rminos y condiciones se alados en la Secci n Naturaleza de la Concesi n del Ap ndice B, en la que claramente se describe y establece lo siguiente (i) su participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido (ii) el Plan y su participaci n en el Plan son ofrecidos por la Compa a sobre una base completamente discrecional (iii) su participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y (iv) la Compa a y sus Afiliadas no son responsables de ninguna por la disminuci n en el valor de las acciones Ordinarias de Clase A subyacentes. 
 
 POL TICA DE LEGISLACI N LABORAL Y RECONOCIMIENTO. Al participar en el Plan, usted reconoce expresamente que Snowflake Inc., con oficinas registradas en 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, Estados Unidos de Am rica, es la nica responsable por la administraci n del Plan, y que su participaci n en el Plan, as como la adquisici n de las acciones Ordinarias de Clase A, no constituye una relaci n laboral entre usted y la Compa a, porque usted est participando en el plan sobre una base comercial. Con base en lo anterior, usted reconoce expresamente que el Plan y los beneficios que pudiera obtener por su participaci n en el Plan, no establecen derecho alguno entre usted y la Compa a, y no forman parte de las condiciones y o prestaciones laborales que la Compa a ofrece, y que las modificaciones al Plan o su terminaci n, no constituir n un cambio ni afectar n los t rminos y condiciones de su relaci n laboral. 
 
 Asimismo usted entiende que su participaci n en el Plan es el resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de la Compa a por lo tanto, la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y o suspender su participaci n en cualquier momento, sin que usted incurra en responsabilidad alguna. 
 
 Finalmente, usted declara que no se reserva acci n o derecho alguno para interponer una reclamaci n alguna en contra de la Compa a, por concepto de compensaci n o da os relacionados con cualquier disposici n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del Plan, y por lo tanto, usted libera total y ampliamente de toda responsabilidad a la Compa a, a sus Afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, sus accionistas, funcionarios, agentes o representantes legales, con respecto a cualquier reclamaci n que pudiera surgir. 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The Option and the shares of Class A Common Stock offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Agreement and any other document relating to the Option may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company and its Affiliates and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of Snowflake Technologies Mexico S. de R. de C.V. made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 20 

NEW ZEALAND 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. WARNING You are being offered Options which, upon exercise in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Plan, will enable you to acquire shares of Company Stock. The shares of Class A Common Stock, if issued, will give you a stake in the ownership of the Company. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 
 If the Company runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares (if any) have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment, if any. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 
 The shares of Class A Common Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if the you acquire shares of Class A Common Stock under the Plan, you may be able to sell such shares on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. If you sell your investment, the price you get may vary depending on factors such as the financial condition of the Company. You may receive less than the full amount that you paid for the investment, if anything. The price will depend on the demand for shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 A copy of the Company's most recent financial statements (and, if applicable, a copy of the auditor's report on those financial statements) as well as information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the shares of Class A Common Stock, are included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 and (when applicable) the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. These documents have been or will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are or will be available to you free of charge online at www.sec.gov or on the Company s Investor Relations website at investors.snowflake.com . 
 
 You should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing yourself. 
 
 POLAND 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Polish residents holding cash and foreign securities e.g. , shares of Class A Common Stock) and or maintaining accounts abroad must report information to the National Bank of Poland on transactions and balances of the securities and cash deposited in such accounts if the value of such securities and cash (when combined with all other assets possessed abroad) exceeds PLN 7 million. If required, the reports must be filed on a quarterly basis on special forms that are available on the website of the National Bank of Poland. Further, if you transfer funds in excess of EUR 15,000 (or PLN 15,000 if the transfer of funds is connected with business activity of an entrepreneur) into or out of Poland, the funds must be transferred via a bank account. You are required to retain the documents connected with a foreign exchange transaction for a period of five years, as measured from the end of the year in which such transaction occurred. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 21 

ROMANIA 
 
 LANGUAGE CONSENT. By accepting the Option, you acknowledge that you are proficient in reading and understanding English, and have read and acknowledge that you have fully understood the terms of the documents related to the grant (the Grant Notice, the Agreement, and the Plan), which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of these documents accordingly. 
 
 CONSIMTAMANT CU PRIVIRE LA LIMBA. Prin acceptarea acordarii Optiunii, confirmati ca aveti un nivel adecvat de cunoastere in ce priveste cititirea si intelegerea limbii engleze, si ati citit si confirmati ca ati inteles pe deplin termenii documentelor referitoare la acordare (anuntul, Acordul si Planul), care au fost furnizate in limba engleza. Acceptati termenii acestor documente in consecinta. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. You are generally not required to seek authorization from the National Bank of Romania to participate in the Plan or to open and operate a foreign bank account to receive any proceeds under the Plan. However, if you remit foreign currency out of or into Romania e.g. , the Option exercise price or the proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock), you may be required to provide the Romanian bank through which the foreign currency is transferred with appropriate documentation regarding the source of income. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements . 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The Option is granted pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA under which it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements and is not made with a view to the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. You should note that the Options are subject to section 257 of the SFA and that you will not be able to make any offer or subsequent sale of the shares of Class A Common Stock in Singapore, unless such offer or sale is made (1) after six (6) months from the Date of Grant or (2) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA, or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 
 DIRECTOR REPORTING INFORMATION. If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singapore Affiliate, you may be subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether you are a Singapore resident or employed in Singapore. These requirements include an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing of an interest (e.g., the Option, shares of Class A Common Stock) in the Company or any Affiliate within two days of (i) its acquisition or disposal, (ii) any change in a previously disclosed interest (e.g., when the Option vests or is exercised), or (iii) becoming a director, associate director or shadow director if such an interest exists at that time. If you are the chief executive officer CEO of a Singapore Affiliate and the above notification requirements are determined to apply to the CEO of a Singapore Affiliate, the above notification requirements also may apply. 
 
 SLOVAKIA 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 NATURE OF GRANT. This provision supplements the Nature of Grant provision of this Appendix B 
 
 22 

By accepting the Option, you consent to participation in the Plan and acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to grant Options under the Plan to individuals who may be employees or service providers of the Company or one of its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is limited and entered into based upon the express assumption and condition that any Option will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Affiliate, including the Service Recipient, on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, you understand that the Option is given on the assumption and condition that the Option shall not become part of any employment or other service contract (whether with the Company or any Affiliate , including the Service Recipient) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Furthermore, you understand and freely accept that there is no guarantee that any benefit whatsoever shall arise from the Option, which is gratuitous and discretionary, since the future value of the Option and the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable, and unpredictable. 
 
 Further, your participation in the Plan is expressly conditioned on your continued and active rendering of service, such that, unless otherwise set forth in the Plan, if your Continuous Service terminates for any reason, your participation in the Plan will cease immediately. This will be the case, for example, even if (a) you are considered to be unfairly dismissed without good cause i.e. , subject to a despido improcedente (b) you are dismissed for disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a collective dismissal (c) your Continuous Service ceases due to a change of work location, duties or any other employment or contractual condition (d) your Continuous Service ceases due to a unilateral breach of contract by the Company or any Affiliate or (e) your Continuous Service terminates for any other reason whatsoever. Consequently, upon termination of your Continuous Service for any of the above reasons, you automatically lose any right to participate in the Plan on the date of your termination of Continuous Service, as described in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The grant of the Option and the shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of the Option are considered a private placement outside the scope of Spanish laws on public offerings and issuances of securities. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement have been registered with the Comisi n National del Mercado de Valores and do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. You are required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of cash or shares made to you under the Plan) depending on the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31 of the relevant year, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year. 
 
 You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. To the extent you hold rights or assets outside of Spain with a value in excess of EUR 50,000 per type of right or asset e.g. , shares of Class A Common Stock, cash, etc.) as of December 31 each year, you will be required to report information on such rights and assets on your annual tax return for such year. After such rights and assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply for subsequent years only if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than EUR 20,000. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 23 

SWEDEN 
 
 AUTHORIZATION TO WITHHOLD. This provision supplements Section 4 Withholding Obligations of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 
 Without limiting the Company s and the Service Recipient s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for Tax Liability as set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement, in accepting the Option, you authorize the Company to withhold shares of Class A Common Stock or to sell shares of Class A Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon vesting exercise to satisfy Tax Liability, regardless of whether the Company and or the Service Recipient have an obligation to withhold such Tax Liability. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Option (i) constitute a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or a service provider of the Service Recipient or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ). 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Under current exchange control regulations, Thai residents may remit funds out of Thailand e.g. , funds to pay your Option exercise price) upon submission of certain supporting documents e.g. , copy of the Plan and Global Stock Option Agreement, evidence of the relationship between the Company and the Thai resident and or the Thai resident's employer, and other documents as requested) to a commercial bank in Thailand that is authorized by the Bank of Thailand to engage in the purchase, exchange, and withdrawal of foreign currency i.e. , an authorized agent). 
 
 Thai residents realizing USD 1,000,000 or more of cash proceeds in a single transaction from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock or from dividends paid on such shares of Class A Common Stock must immediately repatriate all cash proceeds to Thailand (or utilize such funds offshore for permissible purposes) and provide details of the transaction i.e. , identification information and purpose of the transaction) to the receiving bank. Further, you must convert such proceeds to Thai Baht within 360 days of repatriation or deposit the funds in an authorized foreign exchange account in Thailand. The inward remittance must also be reported to the Bank of Thailand on a foreign exchange transaction form. 
 
 In case you will not repatriate such funds but you will utilize them offshore for permissible purposes i.e. purposes not listed in the negative list prescribed by the Bank of Thailand), you must obtain a waiver of the repatriation requirement from the commercial bank in Thailand by submitting an application and supporting documents evidencing that such funds will be utilized offshore for permissible purposes. 
 
 You should consult your personal legal advisor prior to taking any action with respect to the exercise of the Option or the remittance of proceeds into Thailand . 
 
 24 

TURKEY 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The Option is made available only to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, and the offer of participation in the Plan is a private offering. You are not permitted to sell shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. Shares of Class A Common Stock are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States under the ticker symbol SNOW, and shares of Class A Common Stock may be sold on this exchange, which is located outside Turkey. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Pursuant to Decree No. 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency and Communiqu No. 2008-32 34 on Decree No. 32, any activity related to investments in foreign securities e.g. , the exercise of the Option, the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock) must be conducted through a bank or financial intermediary institution licensed by the Turkish Capital Markets Board and should be reported to the Turkish Capital Markets Board. You should consult a personal legal advisor for further information regarding these obligations . 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The Agreement, the Plan, and other incidental communication materials related to the Option are intended for distribution only to employees or service providers of the Company or the Service Recipient for the purposes of an incentive scheme. 
 
 The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority and the Central Bank have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with this statement. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved this statement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and have no responsibility for it. 
 
 The securities to which this statement relates may be illiquid and or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. 
 
 If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement or the Plan, you should consult an authorized financial adviser. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 RESPONSIBILITY FOR TAXES. This provision supplements Section 4 Withholding Obligations of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 
 (a) Without limitation to Section 4 of the Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all the Tax Liability and you hereby covenant to pay all such Tax Liability, as and when requested by the Company and or the Service Recipient or by HM Revenue & Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and or the Service Recipient against any Tax Liability that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on your behalf. For the purposes of this Agreement, Tax Liability includes (without limitation) employment income tax, employee National Insurance contributions and the employee portion of the Health and Social Care levy. 
 
 25 

(b) As a condition of the vesting or exercise of, or the receipt of any benefit pursuant to, the Option, you agree to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 National Insurance contributions and, to the extent permissible, the employer portion of the Health and Social Care levy, which may be payable by the Company and or the Service Recipient in connection with the Option and any event giving rise to a Tax Liability (the Employer NICs ). Without prejudice to the foregoing, by accepting the Option, you agree to enter into a joint election with the Company or the Service Recipient, the form of such joint election being formally approved by HMRC (the NIC Joint Election ), a copy of which is either attached to this Appendix B or provided to you under separate cover and any other required consent or election. You further agree to execute such other joint elections as may be required between you and any successor to the Company and or the Service Recipient. You further agree that the Company and or the Service Recipient may collect the Employer NICs from you by any of the means set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement. 
 
 If you do not enter into the NIC Joint Election prior to the exercise of the Option or any other event giving rise to the Tax Liability, you will not be entitled to exercise the Option and receive shares of Class A Common Stock (or receive any benefit in connection with the Option) unless and until you enter into the NIC Joint Election, and no shares of Class A Common Stock or other benefit will be issued to you under the Plan, without any liability to the Company or the employer. 
 
 (c) As a condition of the vesting or exercise of, or the receipt of any benefit pursuant to, the Options, you agree to sign, promptly, all documents required by the Company to effect the terms of the foregoing provisions. 

26 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 IMPORTANT NOTE ON THE JOINT ELECTION FOR TRANSFER OF LIABILITY OF 
 EMPLOYER NATIONAL INSURANCE CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE EMPLOYEE 

As a condition of the vesting of, or the receipt of any benefit pursuant to, your stock options Options granted under the Snowflake Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), you are required to enter into a joint election to transfer to you any liability for employer National Insurance contributions and, to the extent permissible, the employer portion of the Health and Social Care levy, (the Employer NICs that may arise in connection with the Options and in connection with any other options granted to you under the Plan, if any, that may be granted to you under the Plan (the NIC Joint Election ). 
 
 By entering into the Joint Election 
 
 you agree that any liability for Employer NICs that may arise in connection with or pursuant to the exercise of the Options and the acquisition of shares of common stock of Snowflake Inc. (the Company or other taxable events in connection with the Options will be transferred to you and 
 
 you authorize the Company and or the Service Recipient to recover an amount sufficient to cover this liability by any method set forth in the Option Agreement and or the NIC Joint Election. 
 
 To enter into the NIC Joint Election, please indicate your agreement where indicated on the acceptance screen. Please note that your acceptance indicates your agreement to be bound by all of the terms of the NIC Joint Election. 
 
 Please note that even if you have indicated your acceptance of this NIC Joint Election electronically, you may still be required to sign a paper copy of this NIC Joint Election (or a substantially similar form) if the Company determines such is necessary to give effect to the NIC Joint Election. 
 
 Please read the terms of the NIC Joint Election carefully before entering into the NIC Joint Election (by executing the related Global Stock Option Agreement in hard copy or by electronically accepting such Global Stock Option Agreement or by signing or electronically accepting this NIC Joint Election). You should print and keep a copy of this NIC Joint Election for your records. 

27 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 
 ELECTION TO TRANSFER THE EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY FOR 
 NATIONAL INSURANCE LIABILITY TO THE EMPLOYEE 
 (UK EMPLOYEES) 
 
 1. PARTIES 
 
 This Election is between 
 
 (A) The individual who has gained authorized access to this Election (the Employee ), who is employed by one of the employing companies listed in the attached schedule (the Employer and who is eligible to receive stock options Options pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Snowflake Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), and 
 
 (B) Snowflake Inc., with its registered office in the state of Delaware at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA (the Company ), which may grant Options under the Plan and is entering into this Election on behalf of the Employer. 
 
 2. PURPOSE OF ELECTION 
 
 2.1 This Election relates to all Options granted to Employee under the Plan up to the termination date of the Plan. 
 
 2.2 In this Election the following words and phrases have the following meanings 
 
 ITEPA means the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003. 
 
 Relevant Employment Income from Options on which Employer s National Insurance Contributions becomes due is defined as 
 
 (i) an amount that counts as employment income of the earner under section 426 ITEPA (restricted securities charge on certain post-acquisition events) 
 
 (ii) an amount that counts as employment income of the earner under section 438 of ITEPA (convertible securities charge on certain post-acquisition events) or 
 
 (iii) any gain that is treated as remuneration derived from the earner's employment by virtue of section 4(4)(a) SSCBA, including without limitation 
 
 (A) the acquisition of securities pursuant to the Options (within the meaning of section 477(3)(a) of ITEPA) 
 
 (B) the assignment (if applicable) or release of the Options in return for consideration (within the meaning of section 477(3)(b) of ITEPA) 
 
 (C) the receipt of a benefit in connection with the Options, other than a benefit within (i) or (ii) above (within the meaning of section 477(3)(c) of ITEPA). 
 28 

SSCBA means the Social Security Contributions and Benefits Act 1992. 
 
 Taxable Event means any event giving rise to Relevant Employment Income. 
 
 2.3 This Election relates to the Employer s secondary Class 1 National Insurance Contributions (the Employer s Liability which may arise in respect of Relevant Employment Income in respect of the Options pursuant to section 4(4)(a) and or paragraph 3B(1A) of Schedule 1 of the SSCBA. 
 
 2.4 This Election does not apply in relation to any liability, or any part of any liability, arising as a result of regulations being given retrospective effect by virtue of section 4B(2) of either the SSCBA or the Social Security Contributions and Benefits (Northern Ireland) Act 1992. 
 
 2.5 This Election does not apply to the extent that it relates to relevant employment income which is employment income of the earner by virtue of Chapter 3A of Part VII of ITEPA (employment income securities with artificially depressed market value). 
 
 2.6 Any reference to the Company and or the Employer shall include that entity s successors in title and assigns as permitted in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Option Agreement. This Election will have effect in respect of the Options and any awards which replace or replaced the Options following their grant in circumstances where section 483 of ITEPA applies. 
 
 3. ELECTION 
 
 The Employee and the Company jointly elect that the entire liability of the Employer to pay the Employer s Liability that arises on any Relevant Employment Income is hereby transferred to the Employee. The Employee understands that by electronically accepting or by signing this Election or by accepting the Options, he or she will become personally liable for the Employer s Liability covered by this Election. This Election is made in accordance with paragraph 3B(1) of Schedule 1 to SSCBA. 
 
 4. PAYMENT OF THE EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY 
 
 4.1 The Employee hereby authorizes the Company and or the Employer to collect the Employer s Liability in respect of any Relevant Employment Income from the Employee at any time after the Taxable Event 
 
 (i) by deduction from salary or any other payment payable to the Employee at any time on or after the date of the Taxable Event and or 
 
 (ii) directly from the Employee by payment in cash or cleared funds and or 
 
 (iii) by arranging, on behalf of the Employee, for the sale of some of the securities which the Employee is entitled to receive in respect of the Options and or 
 
 (iv) where the proceeds of the gain are to be paid through a third party, by that party withholding an amount from the payment or selling some of the securities which the Employee is entitled to receive in respect of the Options and or 
 
 (v) by any other means specified in the applicable stock option agreement. 
 29 

4.2 The Company hereby reserves for itself and the Employer the right to withhold the transfer of any securities in respect of the Options to the Employee until full payment of the Employer s Liability is received. 
 
 4.3 The Company agrees to procure the remittance by the Employer of the Employer s Liability to HM Revenue and Customs on behalf of the Employee within 14 days after the end of the UK tax month during which the Taxable Event occurs (or within 17 days after the end of the UK tax month during which the Taxable Event occurs, if payments are made electronically). 
 
 5. DURATION OF ELECTION 
 
 5.1 The Employee and the Company agree to be bound by the terms of this Election regardless of whether the Employee is transferred abroad or is not employed by the Employer on the date on which the Employer s Liability becomes due. 
 
 5.2 This Election will continue in effect until the earliest of the following 
 
 (i) the Employee and the Company agree in writing that it should cease to have effect 
 
 (ii) on the date the Company serves written notice on the Employee terminating its effect 
 
 (iii) on the date HM Revenue and Customs withdraws approval of this Election or 
 
 (iv) after due payment of the Employer s Liability in respect of the entirety of the Options to which this Election relates or could relate, such that the Election ceases to have effect in accordance with its terms. 
 
 5.3 This Election will continue in full force regardless of whether the Employee ceases to be an employee of the Employer. 
 
 Acceptance by the Employee 
 
 The Employee acknowledges that, by accepting the Options (by signing the related Notice of Stock Option Grant in hard copy or by electronically accepting such Notice of Stock Option Grant) or by signing or electronically accepting this Election, the Employee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Election. 
 
 Name Signature Date 
 
 Acceptance by the Company 
 
 The Company acknowledges that, by arranging for the signature of an authorized representative to appear on this Election, the Company agrees to be bound by the terms of this Election. 

By 
 30 

SCHEDULE OF EMPLOYER COMPANIES 
 
 The following Employer(s) shall be covered by the Joint Election 
 
 Snowflake Computing U.K. Limited 
 
 Address c o Fieldfisher 2 Swan Lane, London, United Kingdom, EC4R 3TT Corporation Tax Number Corporation Tax Number Intentionally Omitted Company Registration Number 10611715 PAYE Reference PAYE Reference Intentionally Omitted 
 31 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 Date of Exercise 
 
 This constitutes notice to Snowflake Inc. (the Company under my stock option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company (the Shares for the exercise price set forth below. 
 
 Type of option (check one) 
 Incentive 
 Nonstatutory 
 Stock option dated Number of Shares as to which option is exercised Certificates to be issued in name of Total exercise price Cash payment delivered herewith Regulation T Program (cashless exercise 1 
 Value of ________ Shares delivered herewith 2 

By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Snowflake Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an incentive stock option, to notify you in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two (2) years after the date of grant of this option or within one (1) year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option. 
 
 Very truly yours, Signature Print Name Address of Record 

1 Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option agreement. 
 2 Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option. Shares must be valued in accordance with the terms of the option being exercised, and must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests. Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate. 
 
 32 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 ex-106snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 GLOBAL RSU AWARD GRANT NOTICE 
 
 Snowflake Inc. (the Company has awarded to you (the Participant the number of restricted stock units specified and on the terms set forth below (the RSU Award ). Your RSU Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any appendices thereto (the Appendices ), which are provided to you and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, as applicable. 
 
 Participant Date of Grant Hire Date First Vest Date Number of Restricted Stock Units 

Vesting Schedule 
 _______ . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, vesting shall (i) terminate and any unvested restricted stock units shall be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and (ii) be subject to the Company s Leave of Absence Policy for Equity, as amended from time to time. 

Issuance Schedule 
 One share of Class A Common Stock shall be issued for each restricted stock unit which vests at the time set forth in Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 Participant Acknowledgements By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that 
 
 The RSU Award is governed by this Global RSU Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice ), and the provisions of the Plan and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (including the Appendices), all of which are made a part of this document. This Grant Notice, the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, and the Appendices (collectively, the Agreement may not be modified, amended, or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the Plan. 
 
 You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Agreement, and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Agreement (including the Grant Notice, the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, and the Appendices) or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 
 This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Class A Common Stock in connection with the RSU Award and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises, and or representations on that subject. 
 1 

You consent to receive the Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, if you have not actively accepted the RSU Award within 90 days of the Date of Grant set forth in the RSU Award Grant Notice, you are deemed to have accepted the RSU Award, subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and Agreement. 

SNOWFLAKE INC. PARTICIPANT By Signature Signature Title Date Date 

2 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (RSU AWARD) 

As reflected by your RSU Award Grant Notice Grant Notice Snowflake Inc. (the Company has granted you an RSU Award under its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan for the number of restricted stock units as indicated in your Grant Notice (the RSU Award ). The terms of your RSU Award as specified in this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for your RSU Award, including the Appendices described below and the Grant Notice constitute your Agreement (the Grant Notice, Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, and Appendices, collectively, are referred to as the Agreement ). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable. 
 
 The general terms and conditions applicable to your RSU Award are as follows 
 
 1. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT. Your RSU Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to the provisions in 
 
 (a) Section 7 of the Plan regarding the impact of a Capitalization Adjustment, dissolution, liquidation, or Corporate Transaction on your RSU Award 
 
 (b) Section 9(d) of the Plan regarding the right (if any) of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate your Continuous Service notwithstanding the grant of the RSU Award and 
 
 (c) Section 8 of the Plan regarding the tax consequences of your RSU Award. 
 
 Your RSU Award is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules, and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Without limitation to the foregoing, your RSU Award is subject to the terms of the Company s Leave of Absence Policy for Equity, as amended from time to time. In the event of any conflict between the RSU Award Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 
 2. GRANT OF THE RSU AWARD. This RSU Award represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equal to the Number of Restricted Stock Units indicated in the Grant Notice as modified to reflect any Capitalization Adjustment and subject to your satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth therein (the Restricted Stock Units ). Any additional Restricted Stock Units that become subject to the RSU Award pursuant to Capitalization Adjustments as set forth in the Plan, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units covered by your RSU Award. 
 
 3. DIVIDENDS. You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your RSU Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend, or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment as provided in the Plan provided, however, that this sentence shall not apply with respect to any shares of Class A Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your RSU Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 
 
 1 

4. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS. 
 
 (a) Regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate to which you provide Continuous Service (the Service Recipient with respect to any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax related items associated with the grant or vesting of the RSU Award or sale of the underlying Class A Common Stock or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax Liability ), you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Tax Liability is your ultimate responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding any Tax Liability in connection with any aspect of this RSU Award, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSU Award, the issuance of Class A Common Stock pursuant to such vesting, the subsequent sale of shares of Class A Common Stock, and the payment of any dividends on the Class A Common Stock and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSU Award to reduce or eliminate your Tax Liability or achieve a particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Service Recipient (or former service recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 (b) In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Service Recipient to satisfy all Tax Liability. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan, you hereby authorize the Company and any applicable Service Recipient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to the Tax Liability by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) causing you to pay any portion of the Tax Liability in cash or cash equivalent in a form acceptable to the Company (ii) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or the Service Recipient (iii) withholding shares of Class A Common Stock from the shares of Class A Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award provided , however, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Company s Compensation Committee (iv) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment, if applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer ), pursuant to this authorization and without further consent, whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares of Class A Common Stock to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Tax Liability and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Tax Liability directly to the Company or the Service Recipient and or (v) any other method determined by the Company to be in compliance with Applicable Law. Furthermore, you agree to pay the Company or the Service Recipient any amount the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold, collect, or pay as a result of your participation in the Plan or that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. In the event it is determined that the amount of the Tax Liability was greater than the amount withheld by the Company and or the Service Recipient (as applicable), you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and or the Service Recipient (as applicable) harmless from any failure by the Company or the applicable Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount. 
 
 2 

(c) The Company may withhold or account for your Tax Liability by considering statutory or other withholding rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s), including (i) maximum applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s), in which case you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (whether from applicable tax authorities or the Company) and you will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Class A Common Stock or (ii) minimum or such other applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s), in which case you may be solely responsible for paying any additional Tax Liability to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or the Service Recipient. If the Tax Liability withholding obligation is satisfied by withholding shares of Class A Common Stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to the vested portion of the RSU Award, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Class A Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying such Tax Liability. 
 
 (d) You acknowledge that you may not participate in the Plan and the Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Class A Common Stock until you have fully satisfied the Tax Liability, as determined by the Company. Unless any withholding obligation for the Tax Liability is satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Class A Common Stock in respect of the RSU Award. 
 
 5. DATE OF ISSUANCE. 
 
 (a) The issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a) and will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the Tax Liability withholding obligation, if any, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Class A Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit. Each issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as an Original Issuance Date . 
 
 (b) If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if 
 
 (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Class A Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance with the Company s policies (a 10b5-1 Arrangement )), and 
 
 3 

(ii) either (1) a Tax Liability withholding obligation does not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Tax Liability withholding obligation by withholding shares of Class A Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (B) not to permit you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer (including but not limited to a commitment under a 10b5-1 Arrangement) and (C) not to permit you to pay your Tax Liability in cash, then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Class A Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares of Class A Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). 
 
 6. TRANSFERABILITY. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your RSU Award is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 7. CORPORATE TRANSACTION. Your RSU Award is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 
 
 8. NO LIABILITY FOR TAXES. As a condition to accepting the RSU Award, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to any Tax Liability arising from the RSU Award or any other compensation from the Company or the Service Recipient and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the RSU Award and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. 
 
 9. DATA PRIVACY. In order for the Company to administer the RSU Award and your participation in the Plan, the Company must collect, process and transfer certain of your personal data, as further described in Appendix A to this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Appendix A constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 
 10. SEVERABILITY. If any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 
 11. OTHER DOCUMENTS. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s Trading Policy. 
 
 12. QUESTIONS. If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your RSU Award, including a summary of the applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences, please see the Prospectus (or, for a summary of the tax consequences if you are based outside the U.S., the employee information supplement to the Prospectus applicable for your jurisdiction). 
 
 4 

13. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED . 
 
 14. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in any application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 15. WAIVER. You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of any provision, or breach thereof, of this Agreement on any occasion shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of such provision on any other occasion or as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 
 16. IMPOSITION OF OTHER REQUIREMENTS. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the RSU Award and on any Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 17. NO ADVICE REGARDING GRANT. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock. You should consult with your own personal tax, financial and or legal advisors regarding the Tax Liability arising in connection with the RSU Award and by accepting the RSU Award, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. 
 
 18. COUNTRY-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS. The RSU Award shall be subject to any additional or different terms and conditions set forth in Appendix B to this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in Appendix B, the additional or different terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix B constitutes part of this Agreement. 

5 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 APPENDIX A TO GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

This Appendix A forms part of the Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix A have the meanings set forth in the Plan and or in the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 DATA PRIVACY. To participate in the Plan, you need to review the information provided in (a) through (f) below and, where applicable, consent to the processing of Personal Data (as defined below) by the Company and the third parties according to (g) below. 
 
 If you are based in the European Union EU ), the European Economic Area EEA ), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (collectively, EEA+ ), Snowflake Inc., with its registered office in the state of Delaware at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA is the controller responsible for the processing of your Personal Data in connection with the Agreement and the Plan. The Company's representative in the EU is Snowflake Computing Netherlands B.V. with its primary office located at FOZ Building, Gustav Mahlerlaan 300-314, 1082 ME Amsterdam, Netherlands. The Company s representative in the United Kingdom is Snowflake Computing U.K. Limited with its primary office located at 14th Floor, The Bower 207 Old Street, London, United Kingdom, EC1V 9NR. 
 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . The Company collects, processes and uses Personal Data about you, including your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, details of any shares of Class A Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units over shares of Class A Common Stock or any other entitlement to shares of Class A Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, which the Company receives from you or the Service Recipient Personal Data ). In order for you to participate in the Plan, the Company will collect and process Personal Data in accordance with this Appendix A and the Snowflake Global Employee Privacy Notice (which is available on the Company s intranet) for the purposes of allocating shares of Class A Common Stock and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 If you are based in the EEA+, the Company s legal basis for the processing of Personal Data is the necessity of the processing for the Company's performance of its obligations under the Agreement and the Company s legitimate interest of complying with statutory obligations to which it is subject. 
 
 If you are based in any other jurisdiction, the Company relies on your consent to the processing of Personal Data, as further described below. 
 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration and Service Providers . The Company may transfer Personal Data to Cooley LLP, Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, and or Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (each, an administrator in accordance with this Appendix A and Section 6 of the Snowflake Global Employee Privacy Notice. Each administrator is an independent service provider based in the U.S., which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Administrators may open an account for you to receive and, when applicable, trade shares of Class A Common Stock. You may be asked to acknowledge, or agree to, separate terms and data processing practices with any administrator, with such acknowledgement or agreement being a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 6 

(c) International Data Transfers . Personal Data will be transferred from your country to the U.S., where the Company and its service providers are based, in accordance with this Appendix A and Section 8 of the Snowflake Global Employee Privacy Notice. You understand and acknowledge that the U.S. has enacted data privacy laws that are different from those applicable in your country of residence. The EU Commission has determined that an appropriate level of protection can be achieved by implementing safeguards, such as the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission in decision (EU) 2021 914 of 4 June 2021 Standard Contractual Clauses ). 
 
 If you are based in the EEA+, Personal Data will be transferred from the EEA+ to the Company based on the Snowflake Intragroup Global Data Transfer Agreement entered into by the Company and its Affiliates located in the EEA+, which uses a valid cross-border data transfer mechanism such as the Standard Contractual Clauses. The onward transfer of your Personal Data by the Company to the administrators will be based on a written agreement with such administrators, which includes appropriate data processing and security safeguards. You may request a copy of such appropriate safeguards at privacy snowflake.com . 
 
 If you are based in any other jurisdiction, the Company relies on your consent to the transfer of Personal Data to the U.S., as further described below. 
 
 (d) Data Retention . The Company will use Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement, administer and manage my participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including, without limitation, under tax and securities laws, and in accordance with Section 7 of the Snowflake Global Employee Privacy Notice. When the Company no longer needs Personal Data for any of the above purposes, which will generally be ten (10) years after your participation in the Plan, the Company will cease to use Personal Data and either de-identify or remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps Personal Data longer, it would be in connection with required compliance with applicable laws or regulations. 
 
 (e) Data Subject Rights . You understand that you may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in your jurisdiction. Subject to the conditions set out in the applicable law and depending on where you are based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access to, or copies of, Personal Data processed by the Company, (ii) rectification of incorrect Personal Data, (iii) deletion of Personal Data, (iv) restrictions on the processing of Personal Data, (v) object to the processing of Personal Data for legitimate interests, (vi) portability of Personal Data, (vii) lodge complaints with competent authorities in your jurisdiction, and or to (viii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, you can refer to Section 10 of the Snowflake Global Employee Privacy Notice or contact privacy snowflake.com . 
 
 (f) Necessary Disclosure of Personal Data . You understand that providing the Company with Personal Data is necessary for the performance of the Agreement and that your refusal to provide Personal Data or, where applicable, consent to process and transfer Personal Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 7 

(g) Data Privacy Consent . If you are located in a jurisdiction outside the EEA+, you hereby voluntarily and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Personal Data, as described above and in any other Award materials, by and among, as applicable, the Company, the Service Recipient and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by submitting a request pursuant to Section 13 of the Snowflake Privacy Notice (available on the Company s website) or by contacting in writing privacy snowflake.com . If you do not consent or later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service with the Service Recipient will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to you or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you should contact privacy snowflake.com . 
 
 8 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 APPENDIX B TO GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

Terms and Conditions 
 
 This Appendix B forms part of the Agreement and includes special terms and conditions that govern the RSU Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work in one of the jurisdictions listed below. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix B have the meanings set forth in the Plan and or in the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 If you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the country in which you are currently residing and or working, or if you relocate to another country after the grant of the RSU Award, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the special terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 This Appendix B may also include information regarding securities, exchange control and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you vest in the Restricted Stock Units, acquire shares of Class A Common Stock, or sell shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained below is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation and, as a result, the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your individual situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the country in which you are currently residing and or working, or if you relocate to another country after the grant of the RSU Award, the information contained in this Appendix B may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 
 
 ALL COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
 
 NATURE OF GRANT. By accepting this RSU Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 
 (b) the grant of the RSU Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units, or benefits in lieu of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units have been granted in the past 
 
 9 

(c) all decisions with respect to future restricted stock units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 
 (d) the grant of the RSU Award and your participation in the Plan will not create a right to continue to serve the Company or the Service Recipient in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted 
 
 (e) the grant of the RSU Award and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Service Recipient, and will not interfere with the right (if any) of the Company or the Service Recipient, as applicable, to terminate your Continuous Service 
 
 (f) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (g) the RSU Award and the Class A Common Stock subject to the RSU Award, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (h) the RSU Award and the Class A Common Stock subject to the RSU Award, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 (i) unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Restricted Stock Units and the Class A Common Stock subject to the RSU Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 
 (j) the future value of the underlying Class A Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (k) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the RSU Award resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment or labor laws in the jurisdiction where you provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) 
 
 (l) for purposes of the RSU Award, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing services to the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment or labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or provide services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and such date will not be extended by any notice period e.g ., your period of Continuous Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment or labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing services or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) the Board or, if delegated pursuant to Section 2 of the Plan, the Compensation Committee or a designated officer of the Company (or a designee of any of the foregoing) shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of the RSU Award (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence, in accordance with the Company s Leave of Absence Policy for Equity, as amended from time to time) and 
 
 10 

(m) neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any other Affiliate will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the RSU Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the RSU Award or the subsequent sale of any Class A Common Stock acquired upon settlement. 
 
 LANGUAGE. You acknowledge and represent that you are sufficiently proficient in the English language, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language, so as to enable you to understand the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. If you have received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT, EXCHANGE CONTROL AND TAX REPORTING. You acknowledge that, depending on your country, there may be certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements or exchange control restrictions which may affect your ability to acquire or hold the RSU Award or the shares of Class A Common Stock or cash received from participating in the Plan (including proceeds from the sale of shares and dividends paid on shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or related transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable foreign asset account, exchange control and tax reporting requirements and should consult your personal legal and tax advisors on this matter. 
 
 INSIDER TRADING RESTRICTIONS MARKET ABUSE LAWS. You may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including but not limited to the United States and your country, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Class A Common Stock, rights to shares of Class A Common Stock (e.g., the RSU Award) or rights linked to the value of shares of Class A Common Stock during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. You should keep in mind that third parties can include fellow employees and service providers. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions and you should speak with your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
 
 VENUE. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant of the RSU Award or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Delaware and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or the federal district court for the District of Delaware, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 
 11 

ARGENTINA 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. Neither the Restricted Stock Units nor the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina and, as a result, have not been and will not be registered with the Argentine Securities Commission Comisi n Nactional de Valores ). The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental authority. Neither this nor any other offering material related to the Restricted Stock Units or the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock may be utilized in connection with any general offering to the public in Argentina. Argentine residents who acquire Restricted Stock Units under the Plan do so according to the terms of a private offering made from outside Argentina. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Certain restrictions and requirements may apply if and when you transfer proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock or any cash dividends paid with respect to such shares of Class A Common Stock into Argentina. Exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to change. You should speak with your personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that you may have prior to vesting in the RSU Award or remitting funds into Argentina, as you are responsible for complying with applicable exchange control laws. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. If you hold shares of Class A Common Stock as of December 31 of any year, you are required to report the holding of the shares of Class A Common Stock on your personal tax return for the relevant year. 
 
 ARMENIA 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 AUSTRALIA 
 
 TAX INFORMATION. It is intended that Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies to the RSU Award granted under the Plan, such that the RSU Award will be subject to deferred taxation. 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. This offer is being made under Division 1A, Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act 2001 Cth ). 
 
 Please note that if you offer your shares of Class A Common Stock for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, your offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. You should obtain legal advice on your disclosure obligations prior to making any such offer. 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW. By accepting the RSU Award and participating in the Plan, you agree that you will comply with applicable Brazilian laws and report and pay any and all Tax Liability associated with the vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the receipt of any dividends, and the sale of any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 NATURE OF GRANT. The following provision supplements the Nature of Grant provision of this Appendix B 
 
 By accepting the RSU Award, you acknowledge that you are making an investment decision and that the value of the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period without compensation to you. 
 12 

EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit a declaration of assets and rights (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan) held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than USD 1,000,000. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements . 
 
 CANADA 
 
 GRANT OF THE RSU AWARD. This provision supplements Section 2 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 The RSU Award will be settled by the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock and not by the issuance of cash (or by a combination of cash and shares), notwithstanding the discretion to settle an RSU Award in cash as described in Section 6(a)(vi) of the Plan. 
 
 TERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE. This provision replaces subsection (l) of the Nature of Grant provision of this Appendix B 
 
 For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated, and the right (if any) to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective, as of the date that is the earliest of (a) the date your employment or service relationship with the Company, Service Recipient, or any of its Affiliates is terminated, and (b) the date you receive notice of termination of your employment or service relationship with the Company Service Recipient, or an Affiliate, regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under applicable employment law in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing services or the terms of your employment agreement, if any. You will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which your Continuous Service is terminated (as determined under this provision) nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of your minimum statutory notice period and you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 
 DATA PRIVACY. This provision supplements the Data Privacy provision of Appendix A 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company or any Affiliate, including the Service Recipient, and any agents or representatives to (i) discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan, and (ii) disclose and discuss any and all information relevant to the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company or any Affiliate, including the Service Recipient, and any agents or representatives to record such information and to keep such information in your file. If you are resident in Quebec, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information, including sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the United States. You acknowledge and authorize the Company and other parties involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on you or the administration of the Plan. 
 
 13 

SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The sale or other disposal of the shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan may not take place within Canada. If the Class A Common Stock is registered under the Securities Act, you will be permitted to sell shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, provided the resale of shares of Class A Common Stock takes place outside Canada through the facilities of the exchange on which the shares of Class A Common Stock are then listed. You should consult your personal legal advisor prior to selling shares of Class A Common Stock to ensure compliance with any applicable requirements. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. You are required to report foreign property on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. Foreign property includes shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan and may include the Restricted Stock Units. The Restricted Stock Units must be reported--generally at a nil cost--if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign property held. If shares of Class A Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the shares. The ACB ordinarily would equal the fair market value of the shares at the time of acquisition, but if other shares of Class A Common Stock are owned, this ACB may need to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares. The form T1135 generally must be filed by April 30 of the following year. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 The following provisions apply only if you reside in Quebec 
 
 FRENCH LANGUAGE DOCUMENTS. A French translation of this document and certain other documents related to the Restricted Stock Units will be made available to you as soon as reasonably practicable. You understand that, from time to time, additional information related to the Restricted Stock Units may be provided in English and such information may not be immediately available in French. However, upon request, the Company will provide a translation of such information into French as soon as reasonably practicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, and unless you indicate otherwise, the French translation of this document and the Plan will govern your participation in the Plan. 
 
 DOCUMENTS EN LANGUE FRAN AISE. Une traduction fran aise de ce document et de certains autres documents relatifs aux Restricted Stock Units sera mise votre disposition d s que raisonnablement possible. Vous comprenez que, de temps autre, des informations suppl mentaires relatives aux Restricted Stock Units peuvent tre fournies en anglais et que ces informations peuvent ne pas tre imm diatement disponibles en fran ais. Cependant, sur demande, la Soci t fournira une traduction de ces informations en fran ais d s que raisonnablement possible. Nonobstant toute disposition contraire dans le Contrat, et sauf indication contraire de votre part, la traduction fran aise de ce document et du Plan r gira votre participation au Plan. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 NATURE OF GRANT. This provision supplements the Nature of Grant provision of this Appendix B 
 
 Pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, the RSU Award and related benefits do not constitute a component of your salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, the RSU Award and related benefits will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 14 

SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The shares of Class A Common Stock are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and therefore the shares of Class A Common Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement should be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Investments in shares outside of Colombia (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan) are subject to registration before the Central Bank Banco de la Rep blica as foreign investment held abroad, regardless of value. In addition, all payments related to the liquidation of such investments must be transferred through the Colombian foreign exchange market e.g. , local banks), which includes the obligation of correctly completing and filing the appropriate foreign exchange form declaraci n de cambio ). 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. Colombian residents must file an annual informative return with the local tax authority regarding the assets held abroad, which includes any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan (for every year the shares of Class A Common Stock are held). This obligation is only applicable if the value of the assets held abroad exceeds 2,000 Tax Units. 
 
 COSTA RICA 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 DENMARK 
 
 DANISH STOCK OPTION ACT. By accepting this RSU Award, you acknowledge that you have received an Employer Statement, translated into Danish, if you are entitled to receive one, which is provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act, as amended with effect from January 1, 2019. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. If you establish an account holding shares of Class A Common Stock or cash outside of Denmark, you must report the account and deposits on your annual tax return in the section on foreign affairs and income. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 GRANT OF THE RSU AWARD. This provision supplements Section 2 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 The Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement are not intended to qualify for special tax and social security treatment pursuant to Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and Sections L. 22-10-59 to L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 
 LANGUAGE CONSENT. You confirm having read and understood the documents relating to the Plan, including the Agreement, with all terms and conditions included therein, which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 
 15 

CONSENTEMENT RELATIF A LA LANGUE UTILISEE. Vous confirmez avoir lu et compris le Plan et cette convention Agreement ), incluant tous leurs termes et conditions, qui ont t transmis en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les dispositions de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. If you hold cash or securities (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan) outside of France or maintain a foreign bank account, you must report such account to the French tax authorities when filing your annual tax return. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Cross-border payments in excess of EUR 12,500 must be reported to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). If you make or receive a payment in excess of this amount (including if you acquire shares of Class A Common Stock with a value in excess of this amount under the Plan or sell shares of Class A Common Stock via a foreign broker, bank or service provider and receive proceeds in excess of this amount), you must report the payment to Bundesbank, either electronically using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik available on the Bundesbank website www.bundesbank.de or via such other method e.g. , by email or telephone) as is permitted or required by Bundesbank. The report must be submitted monthly or within other such timing as is permitted or required by Bundesbank. 
 
 INDIA 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. You must repatriate any funds received from participation in the Plan e.g. , proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock) within such time as prescribed under applicable Indian exchange control laws, which may be amended from time to time. You should obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency and maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Company or the Service Recipient requests proof of repatriation. You may be required to provide information regarding funds received from participation in the Plan to the Company and or the Service Recipient to enable them to comply with their filing requirements under exchange control laws in India. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. You must declare the following items in your annual tax return (i) any foreign assets held (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan), and (ii) any foreign bank accounts for which you have signing authority. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements . 
 
 INDONESIA 
 
 LANGUAGE CONSENT. By accepting the RSU Award, you (i) confirm you have read and understand the documents relating to this grant i.e ., the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accept the terms of those documents accordingly, and (iii) agree not to challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24 of 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation (when issued). 
 
 16 

PERSETUJUAN BAHASA. Dengan menerima Penghargaan RSU, (i) anda mengkonfirmasi bahwa anda telah membaca dan mengerti isi dokumen yang terkait dengan pemberian ini yang disediakan untuk anda dalam bahasa Inggris, (ii) Anda menerima syarat dari dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii) anda setuju bahwa anda tidak akan mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dokumen ini berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 tahun 2009 tentang Bendera, Bahasa dan Lambang Negara serta Lagu Kebangsaan atau Peraturan Presiden pelaksana (ketika diterbitkan). 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Indonesian residents must provide the Indonesian central bank, Bank of Indonesia, with information on foreign exchange activities on an online monthly report no later than the fifteenth day of the following month. Such report can be submitted through the Bank of Indonesia s website. 
 
 For foreign currency transactions exceeding USD 25,000, the underlying document of that transaction will have to be submitted to the relevant local bank. If there is a change of position in any foreign assets held (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan), this change in position (e.g., sale of such shares) must be reported to the Bank of Indonesia no later than the 15th day of the month following the change in position. 
 
 If Indonesian residents repatriate funds (e.g., proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock) into Indonesia, the Indonesian bank through which the transaction is made will submit a report of the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia for statistical purposes. For transactions of USD 10,000 or more (or its equivalent in other currency), a more detailed description of the transaction must be included in the report and you may be required to provide information about the transaction to the bank in order to complete the transaction. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. Indonesian residents have the obligation to report their worldwide assets (including any foreign bank or brokerage accounts and shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan) in their annual individual income tax return. 
 
 IRELAND 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 ISRAEL 
 
 TRUST ARRANGEMENT. Capitalized terms used but not defined in these provisions or the Plan or the Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Sub-Plan for Israeli participants (the Israel Sub-Plan ). 
 
 By accepting the RSU Award, you understand and agree that the Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Agreement are subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Israel Sub-Plan, the Agreement and the trust agreement between the Company and the trustee appointed by the Company or an Affiliate, or any successor trustee (the Trustee ). 
 
 17 

TYPE OF GRANT. You acknowledge and agree that the RSU Award is subject to the Plan, the Israel Sub-Plan and Sections 102(b)(2) and (3) of the ITO and the trust agreement, a copy of which has been made available to you. You confirm that (i) you are familiar with the terms and provisions of Section 102 of the ITO, particularly the capital gains track described in subsection (b)(2) and (3) thereof, and agree not to require the Trustee to release the shares of Class A Common Stock or to sell or transfer the shares of Class A Common Stock to you or any third party unless permitted to do so by applicable law (ii) the terms and restrictions set forth in the Israel Sub-Plan will apply to the grant in all respects, including without limitation with respect to mandatory withholding requirements for Tax Liability, and the rights and authorities of the Company, the Service Recipient and the Trustee with respect thereto, and (iii) the Company and any Affiliate and its assignees and successors shall be under no duty to ensure, and no representation or commitment is made, that the shares of Class A Common Stock qualify or shall qualify under any particular tax treatment. 
 
 You further acknowledge and agree that any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan shall be deposited with the Trustee, or shall be subject to a supervisory trustee arrangement approved by the ITA for the Trustee, in order to comply with the requirements of the capital gains track under Sections 102(b)(2) and (3) of the ITO. 
 
 You further understand that under current Israeli tax laws, the Section 102 Holding Period is counted from the Date of Grant. In the event that the RSU Award granted under the Plan or the shares of Class A Common Stock do not meet the requirements of Section 102 of the ITO and the Israel Sub-Plan, they shall not qualify for the favorable tax treatment under the capital gains route. 
 
 You hereby undertake to release the Trustee from any liability in respect of any action or decision duly taken and bona fide executed in relation to the Plan, the Israel Sub-Plan or shares of Class A Common Stock issued thereunder. 
 
 You hereby confirm that, in addition to your agreement hereunder, the acceptance or settlement of the RSU Awards shall be deemed as irrevocable confirmation of your acknowledgements and undertakings herein with respect to such RSU Award. 
 
 You have had the opportunity to consult your personal tax advisor prior to accepting this Agreement. 
 
 DATA PRIVACY. The following provision supplements the Data Privacy provision of Appendix A 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company, the Trustee and their representatives to collect, use and transfer all relevant information regarding you to all Company personnel and agents and or third parties involved in the administration of the Plan and or in the event of a corporate financing, merger, acquisitions and or business transfers, including transfers outside of Israel and further transfers thereafter. 
 
 The following provisions apply if you were not an Israeli tax resident when the RSU Award was granted or if the RSU Award does not qualify as a 102 Capital Gains Track Grant 
 
 NON-TRUSTEE AWARD. The RSU Award is subject to the Plan and is not made pursuant to Sections 102(b)(2) and (3) of the Israel Tax Ordinance and, in particular, is not eligible to benefit from the capital gains track described in subsection (b)(2) and (3) thereof. To facilitate compliance with tax requirements in Israel, you acknowledge and agree that the Company may require that any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan be held with the Company s designated broker appointed under the Plan or another designee or that such shares be sold at such time specified by the Company. 
 
 18 

ITALY 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SPECIFIC PROVISIONS. By accepting this RSU Award, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and Agreement. 
 
 You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the following sections of the Agreement Governing Plan Document Grant of the RSU Award Withholding Obligations No Liability for Taxes Other Documents Imposition of Other Requirements Nature of Grant Venue. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. If, at any time during the fiscal year, you hold foreign financial assets (including Restricted Stock Units and shares of Class A Common Stock) which may generate income taxable in Italy, you are required to report these assets on your annual tax return (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held (or on a special form if no tax return is due). These reporting obligations will also apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements . 
 
 JAPAN 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. If you acquire shares of Class A Common Stock valued at more than JPY 100,000,000 in a single transaction, you must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan within twenty (20) days of the acquisition of the shares. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. You are required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31st (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan), to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding JPY 50,000,000. Such report is due by March 15th each year. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. Korean residents are required to declare all foreign financial accounts e.g. , non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts, etc.) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts in June of the following year if the monthly balance of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end date during a calendar year. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 19 

MEXICO 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF THE AGREEMENT. By participating in the Plan, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan in its entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan. You further acknowledge that you have read and expressly approved the terms and conditions set forth in the Nature of Grant Section of Appendix B, in which the following is clearly described and established (i) your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right (ii) the Plan and your participation in the Plan are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis (iii) your participation in the Plan is voluntary and (iv) the Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the underlying shares. 
 
 LABOR LAW POLICY AND ACKNOWLEDGMENT. By participating in the Plan, you expressly recognize that Snowflake Inc., with its registered office in the State of Delaware at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and that your participation in the Plan and acquisition of shares do not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis. Based on the foregoing, you expressly recognize that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Service Recipient and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by the Service Recipient and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your employment. 
 
 You further understand that your participation in the Plan is as a result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue your participation at any time without any liability to you. 
 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and you therefore grant a full and broad release to the Company, its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, its shareholders, officers, agents or legal representatives with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 
 RECONOCIMIENTO DEL CONTRATO. Al participar en el Plan, usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan, que ha revisado el Plan en su totalidad, y que entiende y acepta en su totalidad, todas y cada una de las disposiciones del Plan. Asimismo reconoce que ha le do y aprueba expresamente de los t rminos y condiciones se alados en la Secci n Naturaleza de la Concesi n del Ap ndice B, en la que claramente se describe y establece lo siguiente (i) su participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido (ii) el Plan y su participaci n en el Plan son ofrecidos por la Compa a sobre una base completamente discrecional (iii) su participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y (iv) la Compa a y sus Afiliadas no son responsables de ninguna por la disminuci n en el valor de las acciones Ordinarias de Clase A subyacentes. 
 
 POL TICA DE LEGISLACI N LABORAL Y RECONOCIMIENTO. Al participar en el Plan, usted reconoce expresamente que Snowflake Inc., con oficinas registradas en 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, Estados Unidos de Am rica, es la nica responsable por la administraci n del Plan, y que su participaci n en el Plan, as como la adquisici n de las acciones Ordinarias de Clase A, no constituye una relaci n laboral entre usted y la Compa a, porque usted est participando en el plan sobre una base comercial. Con base en lo anterior, usted reconoce expresamente que el Plan y los beneficios que pudiera obtener por su participaci n en el Plan, no establecen derecho alguno entre usted y el Beneficiario del Servicio, y no forman parte de las condiciones y o prestaciones laborales que el Beneficiario del Servicio ofrece, y que las modificaciones al Plan o su terminaci n, no constituir n un cambio ni afectar n los t rminos y condiciones de su relaci n laboral. 
 20 

Asimismo usted entiende que su participaci n en el Plan es el resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de la Compa a por lo tanto, la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y o suspender su participaci n en cualquier momento, sin que usted incurra en responsabilidad alguna. 
 
 Finalmente, usted declara que no se reserva acci n o derecho alguno para interponer una reclamaci n alguna en contra de la Compa a, por concepto de compensaci n o da os relacionados con cualquier disposici n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del Plan, y por lo tanto, usted libera total y ampliamente de toda responsabilidad a la Compa a, a sus Afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, sus accionistas, funcionarios, agentes o representantes legales, con respecto a cualquier reclamaci n que pudiera surgir. 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The RSU Award and the shares of Class A Common Stock offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Agreement and any other document relating to the RSU Award may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company and its Affiliates and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of Snowflake Technologies Mexico S. de R. de C.V. made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. WARNING You are being offered Restricted Stock Units which, upon vesting in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Plan, will enable you to acquire shares of Company Stock. The shares of Class A Common Stock, if issued, will give you a stake in the ownership of the Company. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. 
 
 If the Company runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid only after all creditors and holders of preference shares (if any) have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment, if any. 
 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors to make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share purchase scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 
 The shares of Class A Common Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. This means that if the you acquire shares of Class A Common Stock under the Plan, you may be able to sell such shares on the New York Stock Exchange if there are interested buyers. If you sell your investment, the price you get may vary depending on factors such as the financial condition of the Company. You may receive less than the full amount that you paid for the investment, if anything. The price will depend on the demand for shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 21 

A copy of the Company's most recent financial statements (and, if applicable, a copy of the auditor's report on those financial statements) as well as information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the shares of Class A Common Stock, are included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 and (when applicable) the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. These documents have been or will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are or will be available to you free of charge online at www.sec.gov or on the Company s Investor Relations website at investors.snowflake.com . 
 
 You should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing yourself. 
 
 NORWAY 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 POLAND 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Polish residents holding cash and foreign securities e.g. , shares of Class A Common Stock) and or maintaining accounts abroad must report information to the National Bank of Poland on transactions and balances of the securities and cash deposited in such accounts if the value of such securities and cash (when combined with all other assets possessed abroad) exceeds PLN 7 million. If required, the reports must be filed on a quarterly basis on special forms that are available on the website of the National Bank of Poland. Further, if you transfer funds in excess of EUR 15,000 (or PLN 15,000 if the transfer of funds is connected with business activity of an entrepreneur) into or out of Poland, the funds must be transferred via a bank account. You are required to retain the documents connected with a foreign exchange transaction for a period of five years, as measured from the end of the year in which such transaction occurred. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 ROMANIA 
 
 LANGUAGE CONSENT. By accepting the RSU Award, you acknowledge that you are proficient in reading and understanding English, and have read and acknowledge that you have fully understood the terms of the documents related to the grant (the Grant Notice, the Agreement, and the Plan), which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of these documents accordingly. 
 
 CONSIMTAMANT CU PRIVIRE LA LIMBA. Prin acceptarea acordarii de RSU-uri, confirmati ca aveti un nivel adecvat de cunoastere in ce priveste cititirea si intelegerea limbii engleze, si ati citit si confirmati ca ati inteles pe deplin termenii documentelor referitoare la acordare (anuntul, Acordul si Planul), care au fost furnizate in limba engleza. Acceptati termenii acestor documente in consecinta. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. You are generally not required to seek authorization from the National Bank of Romania to participate in the Plan or to open and operate a foreign bank account to receive any proceeds under the Plan. However, you may be required to provide the Romanian bank to which you transfer any proceeds under the Plan with appropriate documentation regarding the source of income. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 22 

SINGAPORE 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The RSU Award is granted pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA under which it is exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements and is not made with a view to the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. You should note that the Restricted Stock Units are subject to section 257 of the SFA and that you will not be able to make any offer or subsequent sale of the shares of Class A Common Stock in Singapore, unless such offer or sale is made (1) after six (6) months from the Date of Grant or (2) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA, or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 
 DIRECTOR REPORTING INFORMATION. If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singapore Affiliate, you may be subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether you are a Singapore resident or employed in Singapore. These requirements include an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing of an interest (e.g., Restricted Stock Units, shares of Class A Common Stock) in the Company or an Affiliate within two days of (i) its acquisition or disposal, (ii) any change in a previously disclosed interest (e.g., when the Restricted Stock Units vest), or (iii) becoming a director, associate director or shadow director if such an interest exists at that time. If you are the chief executive officer CEO of a Singapore Affiliate or Subsidiary and the above notification requirements are determined to apply to the CEO of a Singapore Affiliate or Subsidiary, the above notification requirements also may apply. 
 
 SLOVAKIA 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 NATURE OF GRANT. This provision supplements the Nature of Grant provision of this Appendix B 
 By accepting the RSU Award, you consent to participation in the Plan and acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to grant RSU Awards under the Plan to individuals who may be employees or service providers of the Company or one of its Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is limited and entered into based upon the express assumption and condition that any RSU Award will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Affiliate , including the Service Recipient, on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, you understand that the RSU Award is given on the assumption and condition that the RSU Award shall not become part of any employment or other service contract (whether with the Company or any Affiliate, including the Service Recipient) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Furthermore, you understand and freely accept that there is no guarantee that any benefit whatsoever shall arise from the RSU Award, which is gratuitous and discretionary, since the future value of the RSU Award and the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable, and unpredictable. 
 
 23 

Further, your participation in the Plan is expressly conditioned on your continued and active rendering of service, such that, unless otherwise set forth in the Plan, if your Continuous Service terminates for any reason, your participation in the Plan will cease immediately. This will be the case, for example, even if (a) you are considered to be unfairly dismissed without good cause i.e. , subject to a despido improcedente (b) you are dismissed for disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a collective dismissal (c) your Continuous Service ceases due to a change of work location, duties or any other employment or contractual condition (d) your Continuous Service ceases due to a unilateral breach of contract by the Company or the Service Recipient or (e) your Continuous Service terminates for any other reason whatsoever. Consequently, upon termination of your Continuous Service for any of the above reasons, you automatically lose any right to participate in the Plan on the date of your termination of Continuous Service, as described in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units are considered a private placement outside the scope of Spanish laws on public offerings and issuances of securities. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement have been registered with the Comisi n National del Mercado de Valores and do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. You are required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of cash or shares made to you under the Plan) depending on the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31 of the relevant year, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year. 
 
 You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 FOREIGN ASSET ACCOUNT REPORTING INFORMATION. To the extent you hold rights or assets outside of Spain with a value in excess of EUR 50,000 per type of right or asset e.g. , shares of Class A Common Stock, cash, etc.) as of December 31 each year, you will be required to report information on such rights and assets on your annual tax return for such year. After such rights and assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply for subsequent years only if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than EUR 20,000. You should consult your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 AUTHORIZATION TO WITHHOLD. This provision supplements Section 4 Withholding Obligations of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 Without limiting the Company s and the Service Recipient s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for Tax Liability as set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement, by accepting the RSU Award, you authorize the Company to withhold shares of Class A Common Stock or to sell shares of Class A Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon vesting settlement to satisfy Tax Liability, regardless of whether the Company and or the Service Recipient have an obligation to withhold such Tax Liability. 
 
 24 

SWITZERLAND 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the RSU Award (i) constitute a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or a service provider of the Service Recipient or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ). 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Thai residents realizing USD 1,000,000 or more of cash proceeds in a single transaction from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock or from dividends paid on such shares of Class A Common Stock must immediately repatriate all cash proceeds to Thailand (or utilize such funds offshore for permissible purposes) and provide details of the transaction i.e. , identification information, and purpose of the transaction) to the receiving bank. Further, you must convert such proceeds to Thai Baht within 360 days of repatriation or deposit the funds in an authorized foreign exchange account in Thailand. The inward remittance must also be reported to the Bank of Thailand on a foreign exchange transaction form. 
 
 In case you will not repatriate such funds but you will utilize them offshore for permissible purposes i.e. purposes not listed in the negative list prescribed by the Bank of Thailand), you must obtain a waiver of the repatriation requirement from the commercial bank in Thailand by submitting an application and supporting documents evidencing that such funds will be utilized offshore for permissible purposes. 
 You should consult a personal legal advisor prior to taking any action with respect to the remittance of proceeds into Thailand . 
 
 TURKEY 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The Restricted Stock Units are made available only to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, and the offer of participation in the Plan is a private offering. You are not permitted to sell shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. Shares of Class A Common Stock are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States under the ticker symbol SNOW and shares of Class A Common Stock may be sold on this exchange, which is located outside Turkey. 
 
 EXCHANGE CONTROL INFORMATION. Pursuant to Decree No. 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency and Communiqu No. 2008-32 34 on Decree No. 32, any activity related to investments in foreign securities e.g. , the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock) must be conducted through a bank or financial intermediary institution licensed by the Turkish Capital Markets Board and should be reported to the Turkish Capital Markets Board. You should consult a personal legal advisor for further information regarding these obligations . 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 SECURITIES LAW INFORMATION. The Agreement, the Plan, and other incidental communication materials related to the RSU Award are intended for distribution only to employees or service providers of the Company or the Service Recipient for the purposes of an incentive scheme. 
 
 25 

The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority and the Central Bank have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with this statement. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved this statement nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and have no responsibility for it. 
 
 The securities to which this statement relates may be illiquid and or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. 
 
 If you do not understand the contents of the Agreement or the Plan, you should consult an authorized financial adviser. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 GRANT OF THE RSU AWARD. This provision supplements Section 2 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 The RSU Award will be settled by the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock and not by the issuance of cash (or by a combination of cash and shares), notwithstanding the discretion to settle an RSU Award in cash as described in Section 6(a)(vi) of the Plan. 
 
 RESPONSIBILITY FOR TAXES. This provision supplements Section 4 Withholding Obligations of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 (a) Without limitation to Section 4 of the Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all the Tax Liability and you hereby covenant to pay all such Tax Liability, as and when requested by the Company and or the Service Recipient or by HM Revenue & Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and or your employer against any Tax Liability that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on your behalf. For the purposes of this Agreement, Tax Liability includes (without limitation) employment income tax and employee National Insurance contributions. 
 
 (b) As a condition of the vesting of, or the receipt of any benefit pursuant to, the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 National Insurance contributions which may be payable by the Company and or the Service Recipient in connection with the Restricted Stock Units and any event giving rise to a Tax Liability (the Employer NICs ). Without prejudice to the foregoing, by accepting the RSU Award, you agree to enter into a joint election with the Company or the Service Recipient, the form of such joint election being formally approved by HMRC (the NIC Joint Election ), a copy of which is either attached to this Appendix B or provided to you under separate cover and any other required consent or election. You further agree to execute such other joint elections as may be required between you and any successor to the Company and or the Service Recipient. You further agree that the Company and or the Service Recipient may collect the Employer NICs from you by any of the means set forth in Section 4 of the Agreement. 
 
 If you do not enter into the NIC Joint Election prior to the vesting of the RSU Award or any other event giving rise to the Tax Liability, you will not be entitled to vest in the RSU Award and receive shares of Class A Common Stock (or receive any benefit in connection with the RSU Award) unless and until you enter into the NIC Joint Election, and no shares of Class A Common Stock or other benefit will be issued to you under the Plan, without any liability to the Company or the Service Recipient. 
 26 

(c) As a condition of the vesting of, or the receipt of any benefit pursuant to, the RSUs, you agree to sign, promptly, all documents required by the Company to effect the terms of the foregoing provisions. 

27 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 IMPORTANT NOTE ON THE JOINT ELECTION FOR THE TRANSFER OF LIABILITY OF 
 EMPLOYER NATIONAL INSURANCE CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE EMPLOYEE 

As a condition of the vesting of, or the receipt of any benefit pursuant to, your restricted stock units RSUs granted under the Snowflake Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), you are required to enter into a joint election to transfer to you any liability for employer National Insurance contributions (the Employer NICs that may arise in connection with the RSUs and in connection with future RSUs, if any, that may be granted to you under the Plan (the NIC Joint Electio n ). 
 
 By entering into the Joint Election 
 
 you agree that any liability for Employer NICs that may arise in connection with or pursuant to the vesting of the RSUs and the acquisition of shares of Class A common stock of Snowflake Inc. (the Company or other taxable events in connection with the RSUs will be transferred to you and 
 
 you authorize the Company and or your employer to recover an amount sufficient to cover this liability by any method set forth in the Agreement and or the NIC Joint Election. 
 
 To enter into the NIC Joint Election, please indicate your agreement where indicated on the acceptance screen. Please note that your acceptance indicates your agreement to be bound by all of the terms of the NIC Joint Election. 
 
 Please note that even if you have indicated your acceptance of this NIC Joint Election electronically, you may still be required to sign a paper copy of this NIC Joint Election (or a substantially similar form) if the Company determines such is necessary to give effect to the NIC Joint Election. 
 
 Please read the terms of the NIC Joint Election carefully before entering into the NIC Joint Election (by executing the related Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement in hard copy or by electronically accepting such Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement or by signing or electronically accepting this NIC Joint Election). You should print and keep a copy of this NIC Joint Election for your records. 

28 

SNOWFLAKE INC. 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 ELECTION TO TRANSFER THE EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY FOR 
 NATIONAL INSURANCE LIABILITY TO THE EMPLOYEE 
 (UK EMPLOYEES) 

1. PARTIES 
 
 This Election is between 
 
 (A) The individual who has gained authorized access to this Election (the Employee ), who is employed by one of the employing companies listed in the attached schedule (the Employer and who is eligible to receive restricted stock units RSUs pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Snowflake Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, (the Plan ), and 
 
 (B) Snowflake Inc., with its registered office in the state of Delaware at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware, 19808, USA (the Company ), which may grant RSUs under the Plan and is entering into this Election on behalf of the Employer. 
 
 2. PURPOSE OF ELECTION 
 
 2.1 This Election relates to all RSUs granted to Employee under the Plan up to the termination date of the Plan. 
 
 2.2 In this Election the following words and phrases have the following meanings 
 
 ITEPA means the Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003. 
 
 Relevant Employment Income from RSUs on which Employer s National Insurance Contributions becomes due is defined as 
 
 (i) an amount that counts as employment income of the earner under section 426 ITEPA (restricted securities charge on certain post-acquisition events) 
 
 (ii) an amount that counts as employment income of the earner under section 438 of ITEPA (convertible securities charge on certain post-acquisition events) or 
 
 (iii) any gain that is treated as remuneration derived from the earner's employment by virtue of section 4(4)(a) SSCBA, including without limitation 
 
 (A) the acquisition of securities pursuant to the RSUs (within the meaning of section 477(3)(a) of ITEPA) 
 
 (B) the assignment (if applicable) or release of the RSUs in return for consideration (within the meaning of section 477(3)(b) of ITEPA) 
 
 29 

(C) the receipt of a benefit in connection with the RSUs, other than a benefit within (i) or (ii) above (within the meaning of section 477(3)(c) of ITEPA). 
 
 SSCBA means the Social Security Contributions and Benefits Act 1992. 
 
 Taxable Event means any event giving rise to Relevant Employment Income. 
 
 2.3 This Election relates to the Employer s secondary Class 1 National Insurance Contributions (the Employer s Liability which may arise in respect of Relevant Employment Income in respect of the RSUs pursuant to section 4(4)(a) and or paragraph 3B(1A) of Schedule 1 of the SSCBA. 
 
 2.4 This Election does not apply in relation to any liability, or any part of any liability, arising as a result of regulations being given retrospective effect by virtue of section 4B(2) of either the SSCBA or the Social Security Contributions and Benefits (Northern Ireland) Act 1992. 
 
 2.5 This Election does not apply to the extent that it relates to relevant employment income which is employment income of the earner by virtue of Chapter 3A of Part VII of ITEPA (employment income securities with artificially depressed market value). 
 
 2.6 Any reference to the Company and or the Employer shall include that entity s successors in title and assigns as permitted in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement. This Election will have effect in respect of the RSUs and any awards which replace or replaced the RSUs following their grant in circumstances where section 483 of ITEPA applies. 
 
 3. ELECTION 
 
 The Employee and the Company jointly elect that the entire liability of the Employer to pay the Employer s Liability that arises on any Relevant Employment Income is hereby transferred to the Employee. The Employee understands that by accepting the RSU (by signing the related Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice in hard copy or by electronically accepting such Grant Notice), he or she will become personally liable for the Employer s Liability covered by this Election. This Election is made in accordance with paragraph 3B(1) of Schedule 1 to SSCBA. 
 
 4. PAYMENT OF THE EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY 
 
 4.1 The Employee hereby authorizes the Company and or the Employer to collect the Employer s Liability in respect of any Relevant Employment Income from the Employee at any time after the Taxable Event 
 
 (i) by deduction from salary or any other payment payable to the Employee at any time on or after the date of the Taxable Event and or 
 
 (ii) directly from the Employee by payment in cash or cleared funds and or 
 
 (iii) by arranging, on behalf of the Employee, for the sale of some of the securities which the Employee is entitled to receive in respect of the RSUs and or 
 
 (iv) where the proceeds of the gain are to be paid through a third party, by that party withholding an amount from the payment or selling some of the securities which the Employee is entitled to receive in respect of the RSUs and or 
 30 

(v) by any other means specified in the applicable restricted stock unit agreement. 
 
 4.2 The Company hereby reserves for itself and the Employer the right to withhold the transfer of any securities in respect of the RSUs to the Employee until full payment of the Employer s Liability is received. 
 
 4.3 The Company agrees to procure the remittance by the Employer of the Employer s Liability to HM Revenue and Customs on behalf of the Employee within 14 days after the end of the UK tax month during which the Taxable Event occurs (or within 17 days after the end of the UK tax month during which the Taxable Event occurs, if payments are made electronically). 
 
 5. DURATION OF ELECTION 
 
 5.1 The Employee and the Company agree to be bound by the terms of this Election regardless of whether the Employee is transferred abroad or is not employed by the Employer on the date on which the Employer s Liability becomes due. 
 
 5.2 This Election will continue in effect until the earliest of the following 
 
 (i) the Employee and the Company agree in writing that it should cease to have effect 
 
 (ii) on the date the Company serves written notice on the Employee terminating its effect 
 
 (iii) on the date HM Revenue and Customs withdraws approval of this Election or 
 
 (iv) after due payment of the Employer s Liability in respect of the entirety of the RSUs to which this Election relates or could relate, such that the Election ceases to have effect in accordance with its terms. 
 
 5.3 This Election will continue in full force regardless of whether the Employee ceases to be an employee of the Employer. 
 
 Acceptance by the Employee 
 
 The Employee acknowledges that, by accepting the RSUs (by signing the related RSU Award Grant Notice in hard copy or by electronically accepting such Grant Notice) or by signing or electronically accepting this Election, the Employee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Election. 
 
 Name Signature Date 
 
 Acceptance by the Company 
 
 The Company acknowledges that, by arranging for the signature of an authorized representative to appear on this Election, the Company agrees to be bound by the terms of this Election. 

By 
 31 

SCHEDULE OF EMPLOYER COMPANIES 
 
 The following Employer(s) shall be covered by the Joint Election 
 
 Snowflake Computing U.K. Limited 
 
 Address c o Fieldfisher 2 Swan Lane, London, United Kingdom, EC4R 3TT Corporation Tax Number Corporation Tax Number Intentionally Omitted Company Registration Number 10611715 PAYE Reference PAYE Reference Intentionally Omitted 
 32 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 ex-1013snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.13 

Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 
 1. Introduction 
 
 Each member of the Board of Directors (the Board of Snowflake Inc. Snowflake who is a non-employee director of Snowflake (each such member, a Non-Employee Director will receive the compensation described in this Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy Policy for his or her Board service. 
 
 This Policy may be amended at any time in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 2. Annual Cash Compensation 
 
 Each Non-Employee Director will receive the cash compensation set forth below for service on the Board. The annual cash compensation amounts will be payable in equal quarterly installments, in arrears following the end of each quarter in which the service occurred, pro-rated for any partial months of service. All annual cash fees are vested upon payment. 
 
 (a) Annual Board Service Retainer 
 a. All Eligible Directors 33,000 
 
 (b) Annual Committee Member Service Retainer 
 a. Member of the Audit Committee 10,000 
 b. Member of the Compensation Committee 6,000 (increasing to 9,500 effective May 1, 2023) 
 c. Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee 4,000 (increasing to 5,000 effective May 1, 2023) 
 
 (c) Annual Committee Chair Service Retainer (in lieu of Committee Member Service Retainer) 
 a. Chair of the Audit Committee 21,000 (increasing to 25,000 effective May 1, 2023) 
 b. Chair of the Compensation Committee 15,000 
 c. Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee 9,000 (increasing to 10,000 effective May 1, 2023) 
 
 (d) Additional Annual Lead Independent Director Compensation 20,000 
 
 3. Equity Compensation 
 
 Equity awards will be granted under Snowflake s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

(a) Initial Appointment Equity Grant . On appointment to the Board, and without any further action of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, at the close of business on the day of such appointment, a Non-Employee Director will be automatically granted a Restricted Stock Unit Award for Snowflake s Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock having a value of 500,000 based on the average Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the underlying Class A Common Stock for the 20 trading days prior to and ending on the date of grant (the Initial RSU . Each Initial RSU will vest over three years, with one-third of the Initial RSU vesting on the first, second, and third anniversary of the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to the limitations provided in Section 4(c) of the Plan, the Board may (i) increase the value of the Initial RSU as it deems necessary or appropriate in order to attract a new Non-Employee Director, and or (ii) grant an equity award under the Plan that is in addition to the Initial RSU to a Non-Employee Director on appointment to the Board, subject to the terms the Board deems appropriate. 
 
 (b) Automatic Equity Grants . Without any further action of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, at the close of business on the date of each Annual Meeting of Snowflake s stockholders Annual Meeting ), each person who is then a Non-Employee Director will automatically receive a Restricted Stock Unit Award for Class A Common Stock having a value of 300,000 based on the average Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the underlying Class A Common Stock for the 20 trading days prior to and ending on the date of grant (the Annual RSU provided, that, for a Non-Employee Director who was appointed to the Board less than 365 days prior to the Annual Meeting, the 300,000 will be prorated based on the number of days from the date of appointment until such Annual Meeting. For illustrative purposes, if a Non-Employee Director joins the Board on January 1 st , and the next Annual Meeting is held on June 1 st of the year of appointment, then on the date of such Annual Meeting, such Non-Employee Director will receive a Restricted Stock Unit Award for Class A Common Stock having a value of 124,932 (( 300,000 365) x 152). Each Annual RSU will vest on the earlier of (i) the date of the following year s Annual Meeting (or the date immediately prior to the next Annual Meeting if the Non-Employee Director s service as a director ends at such meeting due to the director s failure to be re-elected or the director not standing for re-election) or (ii) the first anniversary of the date of grant. 
 
 (c) Vesting Change of Control . All vesting is subject to the Non-Employee Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) on each applicable vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing vesting schedules, for each Non-Employee Director who remains in Continuous Service with Snowflake until immediately prior to the closing of a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the Plan), the shares subject to his or her then-outstanding equity awards will become fully vested immediately prior to the closing of such Corporate Transaction. 
 
 (d) Remaining Terms . Each Restricted Stock Unit Award will be granted subject to Snowflake s standard Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, in the form adopted from time to time by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 4. Expenses 
 
 Snowflake will reimburse Non-Employee Directors for ordinary, necessary, and reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses to cover in-person attendance at, and participation in, Board and committee meetings provided, that the Non-Employee Director timely submit appropriate documentation substantiating such expenses in accordance with Snowflake s travel and expense policy, as in effect from time to time. 

Policy History 
 
 Approved by the Board of Directors on August 21, 2020. 
 Amended by the Board of Directors on March 1, 2022. 
 Amended by the Board of Directors on February 28, 2023. 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex-211snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Subsidiaries of Snowflake Inc. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Snowflake Holdings LLC Delaware Snowflake Investment Holdings, Inc. Delaware Snowflake Holdings LLC Delaware Leapyear Technologies, Inc. Delaware Cybersyn, Inc. Delaware Mountain US Corporation Nevada Snowflake Computing Pty Ltd. Australia Snowflake Brazil Ltda. Brazil Snowflake Computing Canada Inc. Canada Cloudlet Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Snowflake Colombia S.A.S Colombia Snowflake Costa Rica S.A. Costa Rica Snowflake Finland OY Finland Snowflake Computing France SAS France Snowflake Computing GmbH Germany Snowflake Computing India LLP India SNFL Cloudtech India Pvt. Ltd. India Snowflake Computing Ireland Limited Ireland Snowflake Cloudtech Israel Ltd. Israel Snowflake Italy S.R.L. Italy Snowflake K.K. Japan Snowflake Technologies Mexico, S. de R. de C.V Mexico Snowflake Computing Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Snowflake International B.V. Netherlands Applica Sp. z o.o. Poland Snowflake Poland sp. z o.o. Poland Snowflake Computing Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Snowflake Korea YH South Korea Snowflake Computing Spain, S.L. Spain SNFL Technologies AB Sweden Snowflake Computing Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Snowflake Middle East FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Snowflake Computing U.K. Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex-231snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-248830, No. 333-254920, and No. 333-263986) of Snowflake Inc. of our report dated March 29, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex-311snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Frank Slootman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Snowflake Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 29, 2023 
 By s Frank Slootman Name Frank Slootman Title Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex-312snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael P. Scarpelli, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Snowflake Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 29, 2023 
 By s Michael P. Scarpelli Name Michael P. Scarpelli Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex-321snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Frank Slootman, do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Snowflake Inc. for the period ended January 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Snowflake Inc. 

Date March 29, 2023 
 By s Frank Slootman Name Frank Slootman Title Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex-322snowflakefy2023q4.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael P. Scarpelli, do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Snowflake Inc. for the period ended January 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Snowflake Inc. 

Date March 29, 2023 
 By s Michael P. Scarpelli Name Michael P. Scarpelli Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 snow-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 snow-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 snow-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 snow-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 snow-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

