<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1534708_0001493152-23-010264.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8504949</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162387</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2777888</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1997978</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1621379</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1798544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010264.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010264
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38182
		FILM NUMBER:		23787729

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2321 NE ARGYLE STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT D
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-888-4264

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2321 NE ARGYLE STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT D
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010264.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

U.
S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Name
of small business issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 
 (Title
 of Each Class) 
 
 (Trading
 Symbol) 
 
 (Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act: Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 day. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 if the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was based on the last reported sales price of the registrant s common
stock as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market on that date. 

As
of March 31, 2023, shares of our common stock were outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING, INC. 

FORM
10-K 

December
31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 
 
 PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 21 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 27 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 28 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 28 
 
 PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 29 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 29 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 29 
 
 PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits 
 30 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 30 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 31 

2 

PART
I 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The
statements in this section and other sections of this Form 10-K include forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve uncertainties that could significantly impact results. Forward-looking
statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events about the company or our outlook. You can identify forward-looking
statements by the fact they do not relate to historical or current facts and by the use of words such as believe, expect, 
 estimate, anticipate, will be, should, plan, project, 
 intend, could and similar words or expressions. Examples include, among others, statements about any of the
following: 

Our
 ability to secure additional financing, refinance debt, and achieve positive working capital; 

General
 industry, market and economic conditions (including consumer spending patterns and preferences) and our expectations regarding growth
 in the markets in which we operate; 

Our
 ability to introduce competitive new products on a timely basis and continue to make investments in product development and our expectations
 regarding the effect of new products on our operating results; 

Our
 realizing the results of our competitive strengths and ability to compete with other producers and distributors of alcoholic beverage
 products; 

Our
 expectation regarding product pricing and our ability to market to premium and super-premium segments of the market; 

Our
 ability to retain, market and grow our existing brands, the effect that may have on other brands, and our ability to profitably sell
 our brands; 

Our
 ability to financially support the brands in the market; 

Our
 ability to protect our intellectual property, including trademarks and tradenames related to our brands; 

The
 effects of competition and consolidation in the markets in which we operate; 

The
 ability of our production capabilities to support our business and operations and production strategy, including our ability to continue
 to expand our production capacity to meet demand or outsource production to lower cost of goods sold; 

Our
 expectations regarding our supply chain, including our ongoing relationships with certain key suppliers and/or any potential supply
 chain disruption; 

Our
 ability to cultivate our distribution network and maintain relationships with our major distributors; 

Our
 ability to utilize our existing distribution pipelines and channels to grow other brands in our portfolio; 

Changes
 in applicable laws, policies and the application of regulations and taxes in jurisdictions in which we operate and the impact of
 newly enacted laws; 

Tax
 rate changes (including excise tax, VAT, tariffs, duties, corporate, individual income, or capital gains), changes in related reserves,
 or changes in tax rules or accounting standards; 

Our
 ability to expand our business and brand offerings by acquisitions, including our ability to identify, complete, and finance acquisitions,
 and our ability to integrate and realize the benefits of our acquisitions; 

Negative
 publicity related to our company, brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects; 

Our
 ability to attract and retain key board, executive or employee talent; 

Our
 liquidity and capital needs and ability to meet our liquidity needs and going concern requirements; and 

Our
 ability to position our brands as attractive acquisition candidates. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on assumptions and known risks and uncertainties. Although we believe we have been prudent in our assumptions, any
or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate, and we can make no guarantees about our future performance. Should
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could materially differ
from past results and/or those anticipated, estimated or projected. 

We
undertake no obligation to provide updates to forward-looking statements to the public, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. You should, however, consult any subsequent disclosures we make in our filings with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K. 

3 

You
should review the Risk Factors set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report for a cautionary discussion of certain risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business and may effect forward looking statements. 

Item
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. (the Company, Eastside Distilling, we, us, or our, 
below) was incorporated under the laws of Nevada in 2004 under the name of Eurocan Holdings, Ltd. In December 2014, we changed our corporate
name to Eastside Distilling, Inc. to reflect our acquisition of Eastside Distilling, LLC. We operate in two segments. Our Spirits segment
manufactures, blends, bottles, markets and sells a wide variety of alcoholic beverages under recognized brands in 30 U.S. states. Our
Craft Canning + Printing Craft C+P segment provides digital can printing and canning services to the craft beverage industry
in Washington, Oregon and Colorado. In addition to mobile co-packing services we offer co-packing services from a single fixed site in
Portland, Oregon. We employ 50 people in the United States. 

Mission-What
We Do 

Our
mission is to source, make and deliver the best in class, end-to-end craft spirits brands and product portfolio. In addition, we
offer advanced digital can printing decoration with custom graphics and co-packing services with distinct capability and craftsmanship. 

Strategy 

Our
spirits brands span several alcoholic beverage categories, including whiskey, vodka, rum and tequila. We sell our products on a wholesale
basis to distributors through open states, and brokers in control states. Craft C+P primarily services the craft beer, cider and kombucha
beverage segments. Craft C+P offers digital can printing to customers and co-packing services, as well as operates 13 mobile lines in
Seattle and Spokane, Washington; Portland, Oregon; and Denver, Colorado. 

Our
strategy is to utilize our public company stature to our advantage and position to expand our two distinct businesses Spirits
and Craft C+P. Our spirits portfolio is to be positioned as a leading regional craft spirits provider that develops brands, expands geographic
presence growing revenue and cash flow. We look to grow and vertically integrate our Craft C+P business to expand our product offerings
and improve our competitive position. These two segments are detailed below. 

Segments 

Spirits 

Since
2014 we have developed or acquired many award-winning spirits while evolving to meet the growing demand for quality products and services
associated with the burgeoning craft and premium beverage trade. Our portfolio includes originals like the Quercus garryana barrel-finished
Burnside Whiskey family, Portland Potato Vodka, Hue-Hue Coffee Rum, and Azu ia Tequilas. 

4 

Burnside
 Whiskey Family Our Burnside Whiskey Family celebrates the unique attributes of
 the native Oregon Oak tree Quercus garryana ). The unique complexity of each distinct
 whiskey comes from blending Oregon Oak barrels of differing sizes, char levels, and ages. 

Portland
 Potato Vodka Our award-winning premium craft vodka is distilled four times to
 ensure a smooth finish. While most vodka is made from grain, we source award winning premium
 potato ethanol and blend it with pristine water sourced from Oregon. 

Hue-Hue
 (pronounced way-way Coffee Rum Premium silver rum is blended with
 concentrated cold-brewed coffee and a small amount of Demerara sugar. We source fair-trade,
 single-origin Arabica coffee beans from the Finca El Paternal Estate in Huehuetenango, Guatemala
 that are lightly roasted for us by Portland Coffee Roasters. 

5 

Azu ia
 Tequilas Smooth, clean, additive-free tequilas crafted by Rancho Miravalle, a
 second generation, family-owned-and-operated estate, bursting with authentic flavor from
 the local terroir of Tequila Valley, Mexico. 100 pure Weber Blue Agave is harvested by hand,
 roasted in traditional clay hornos, and finished with a natural, open-air fermentation process.
 It is bottled on-site in small batches using a consistent process to deliver consistent field-to-bottle
 quality and exclusively exported by Agaveros Unidos de Amatit n. 

Eastside
 Brands Craft inspired high-quality limited-edition products. which focus on innovation,
 craftsmanship and curiosity, and creativity. 

Craft
Canning + Printing 

Digital
Can Printing 

In April 2022, we initiated operations
of an innovative digital can printing facility that allows us to customer-design four sizes of popular aluminum beverage cans. This flexibility
allows for custom graphics of limited releases, vintages, partnerships, and special events. This new acquisition of technology gives Craft
C+P the ability to offer unparalleled customization and flexibility to craft beverage producers seeking direct printing for canning projects
of all sizes, while having a production capacity of over 20 million cans. 

6 

Co-packing
Facility 

We
offer co-packing services for non-alcoholic canned beverages including CBD soda waters in Portland, Oregon through our recent asset
acquisition, allowing us to offer end-to-end production capabilities. We are currently the exclusive provider of can printing
and co-packing services for a local CBD and wellness water maker. 

Mobile
Canning 

Our
mobile canning business has locations in Oregon, Washington and Colorado. We use extensive proprietary and data-driven quality control
measures and a robust clean-in-place procedure in order to provide the best packaging service for our customers. We take great pride
in helping local beverage producers expand their distribution reach by using our service to offer industry-top quality and branding.
Our greatest asset is the unmatched expertise of our talented group of printing and packaging professionals who show up every day to
go above and beyond to get the job done. 

Our
Craft mobile team offers a variety of services and products, including: 

High
 Mobile Canning Capacity We operate 13 Wild Goose MC-250 machines, with the capacity to can over 150,000 barrels per year.
 In addition to the canning lines, we use custom in-house designed fully automated depalletizers and twist rinses. 

Large
 Craft Volumes With capabilities of around 600-800 cases per shift, we can manage
 any volume. Averaging 40 cans per minute, each machine can do 100 cases per hour. 

7 

Dedicated
 Team All of our employees are carefully and rigorously trained. A fully insured
 workforce is ready to take on any and all of the customer s packaging needs. We believe
 in continuous improvement and we understand the value of our clients products and
 dedicate ourselves to making every run a successful run. 

Quality
Control Hach Orbispheres measure our dissolved oxygen DO during packaging to ensure the lowest Total Packaged
Oxygen for the customer s can. We use luminometers and ATP swabs to ensure sanitation of our equipment. We can provide Zahm 
Nagel volume meters to measure carbon dioxide CO2 volumes in carbonated products before packaging. As masters of the
 double seam we frequently take on-site measurements with micrometers. We also offer CMC Kuhnke technology to generate even
more accurate measurements in the form of visual seam reports. 

Velcorin
 and Nitrogen Dosing We have both velcorin and nitrogen dosing capabilities that
 supports microbial control and allows packaging of still products in addition to carbonated
 and nitrogenated beverages. 

Pre-printing
 and Outfeed Labeling Bringing on advanced digital can printing technology from Hinterkopf allows us to offer customers
 both world-class aesthetics and full sustainability in an end-to-end branding and packaging solution, accessible from our smallest
 to our largest customers. We also provide outfeed labeling and the ability to package customer-provided branded cans of all varieties. 

Location
 Flexibility We allow our customers to choose the location of canning. We bring our mobile equipment to their facility,
 or our customers can bring their product to us for co-packing. 

8 

Production
and Supply 

Bringing
a brand to market involves several important stages, including bottle and label design, raw materials procurement, filling the bottles,
and packaging the bottles in various configurations for shipment. To achieve a unique flavor profile for each brand, we use one or more
of the following techniques: infusion of fruit, addition of natural flavorings, blending of products, and aging in selected casks. Once
the final profile is approved and quality control standards are met, we filter the liquid as needed and bottle the product. 

We
rely on a limited number of suppliers for the sourcing of our spirit products and raw materials, including our distillate products and
other ingredients. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the U.S. and Mexico. One key supplier is Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan,
SA. de CV., which supplies tequila to us. We do not have long-term, written agreements with any of our other suppliers for the production
of raw materials. However, we believe that we have consistent and reliable third-party sources for the needed materials. 

Distribution
Network 

U.S.
Distribution 

Producers
and importers of beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. 

In
the 33 open states, the distributors are generally large, privately held companies. The distributors and wholesalers in turn sell to
individual retailers, such as liquor stores, restaurants, bars, supermarkets and other outlets licensed to sell alcoholic beverages.
We primarily focus our distribution efforts in six open states; California, Arizona, Colorado, Texas, Washington and Florida. 

In
the 17 control states, the states themselves function as the distributor, and regulate suppliers, including our Company. In control states,
producers and importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities, which distribute the products and either operate retail
outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies, while maintaining strict control over pricing and profit. Our largest
distribution channel is in the state of Oregon through the Oregon Liquor Control Commission. 

We
hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department
and the requisite state licenses within the states in which we conduct business. 

Our
inventory is maintained in offsite bonded warehouses at our producers, our bonded warehouse in Milwaukie, Oregon, and at bonded warehouses
managed by Park Street, our fulfillment and logistics partner. We also typically have inventory in transit that we ship nationally through
our network of licensed and bonded carriers. 

Wholesalers
and Distributors 

In
the United States, we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or, in the control states, state-owned agencies performing
this function, to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result, we depend on distributors for sales, product placement and retail store
penetration. All of the distributors with whom we currently work also distribute our competitors products and brands. As a result,
we must foster and maintain our relationships with our distributors. Through our internal sales team, we have established relationships
for our brands with wholesale distributors in the states where we sell our products, and our products are sold in the U.S. by these wholesale
distributors, as well as by various state beverage alcohol control agencies. 

9 

Significant
Customers 

Sales
to one customer, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission, accounted for approximately 18 and 20 of our consolidated sales for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Sales
Team 

Spirits 

We
have a total spirits sales force of four people, who have an average of close to ten years of industry experience with premium
spirits brands. 

Our
spirits sales personnel are engaged in the day-to-day interaction with our distributors, which includes setting quotas, coordinating
promotional plans for our brands, maintaining adequate levels of stock, brand education and training and sales calls with distributor
personnel. Our sales team also maintains relationships with key chain and retail customers through independent sales calls. They also
schedule promotional events, create local brand promotion plans, host in-store tastings, where permitted, and provide wait staff and
bartender training and education for our brands. 

In
addition, we have also engaged for our spirits business Park Street, a provider of back-office administrative, fulfillment, and logistical
services for alcohol and beverage distributors, which services include state compliance, logistics planning, order processing, order
fulfillment, distributor chargeback and bill-support management and certain accounting and reporting services. We believe, given our
smaller scale, that we can leverage the outsourced services of Park Street to reduce complexity. 

Craft
C+P 

The canning sales force is made
up of four members, focusing on three regions. Their goal is to connect with and onboard new clients, as well as maintain relations and
offer expanded digital can printing capabilities to current clients. The sales team provides a premium customer service experience from
introductory conversations about mobile canning to the very first packaging day and beyond. Their previous experience of operating the
equipment gives them deep knowledge to share with prospective customers, including trust and accountability. Our sales team is keen on
strong partnerships that allow for sustainable success. We also partner with local craft beverage industry guilds and associations for
creative collaborations, booth events and sponsorships. 

Advertising,
Marketing and Promotion 

To
build and sell our brands, we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: distributors, retail trade and end consumers.
Social media, sponsorships, sampling and other promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands, and to
provide the push into the trade and pull through out of the trade that our customers demand. 

We
have significantly narrowed our focus on building three main brands, Burnside Whiskeys, Portland Potato Vodka and Azu ia Tequilas,
across seven key markets. 

In
Oregon, which has the strongest distribution for Burnside Whiskeys and Portland Potato Vodka, our focus is on closing the distribution
gaps and on driving consumer pull through local sponsorships. 

In
our six key open states where Azu ia is the lead brand, driving distribution is the main priority, In these states, we focus mostly
on price promotions, point-of-sale materials, and tastings to drive trial. 

Intellectual
Property 

Trademarks
are an important aspect of our business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks which we own. Our brands are protected by
trademark registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the U.S. where we distribute our brands.
The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiaries. In the U.S., trademark registrations need to be renewed every ten
years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets as we expand our distribution territories. 

10 

Seasonality 

Our
business has historically followed the spirits industry seasonality trends with peak sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar
quarter in spirits, primarily due to seasonal holiday buying. Our Craft C+P business typically has peak sales mid to late summer. 

Competition 

Over
the past ten years, the U.S. wine and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership.
The number of major importers in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today, we believe seven major companies dominate the market: Diageo
PLC, Pernod Ricard S.A., Bacardi Limited, Brown-Forman Corporation, Beam Suntory Inc., Davide Campari-Milano S.p.A., and R my
Cointreau S.A. These competitors have substantially greater resources than we do. 

Our
printing business is the only one of its kind in the Pacific Northwest. However, we compete with other can decorating companies that
offer different decorating technologies. These alternative suppliers can produce can decorations at lower costs than our technology as
well as at greater volumes. 

The
mobile canning and bottling industry is highly fragmented and very competitive. The threat of new entrants is high. Moreover, we compete
at the hyper-local scale, where we have a customer base concentrated in the craft beer segment. One of our greatest threats associated
with losing customers is the customer s own growth and success. As new brewers grow, they are able to afford the investment in
their own canning line. Recently, the growth of craft beer startups has slowed and this has affected the competition in our market and
our ability to achieve adequate pricing. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act, U.S. Customs laws, and the Alcoholic Beverage Control laws
of the states where our products are distributed, among many other regulations. 

The
U.S. Treasury Department s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production, blending, bottling, sales and advertising
and transportation of alcohol products. Also, each state regulates the advertising, promotion, transportation, sale and distribution
of alcohol products within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses to import,
warehouse, transport, distribute and sell spirits. 

We
are subject to U.S. regulations on spirits, marketing, and advertising, such as style, media and messages. Labeling of spirits is also
regulated in many markets, varying from health warning labels to importer identification, alcohol strength and other consumer information.
All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage alcohol products. 

In
the U.S. control states, the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and
offered for sale in their respective states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally
made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for listings
only through special orders, if at all. 

The
distribution of alcohol-based beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most
foreign countries impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits, although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application
on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose
additional import duty on distilled spirits, often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. If we begin distributing
our products internationally, import and excise duties could have a significant effect on our sales, both through reducing the consumption
of alcohol and through encouraging consumer switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol. 

11 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2023, we have
50 employees, 7 of whom are in sales and marketing, 31 in production/canning/bottling, and 12 of whom are in administration. We will continue
to monitor our staffing while streamlining our operations for working capital needs. 

Geographic
Information 

Spirits
currently sells its products in 30 states. Craft C+P operates in three states. 

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as our other disclosures in this Annual Report. We may have other
risks that we have not yet identified or that we currently believe are immaterial but may become material. 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS 

We
expect to continue to produce net operating losses in 2023. 

We
believe that we will continue to incur net losses in 2023. We also anticipate that our operating and investing cash needs may exceed
our income from sales in 2023. Results of operations will depend upon numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control, including
but not limited to new entrants, competitive activity, government regulations and increase in tax. We also incur substantial operating
expenses at the corporate level, including costs directly related to being a reporting company with the SEC. 

We
may be unsuccessful monetizing spirits assets in 2023. 

On
December 14, 2022, we announced the intent to pursue the sale of one or more of our spirits assets. We have not concluded our process;
however we may be unable to sell a spirit asset and realize substantial cash from an asset sale. We may be unable to complete a sale
on favorable terms including amending certain debt provisions allowing us to use a portion of the proceeds from a sale for purposes other
than debt paydown. 

We
may fail to secure additional capital and achieve adequate liquidity to grow and compete. 

Historically,
we have not generated sufficient cash from operations to finance additional capital needs, and thus we have used external sources of
capital to fund operations. The source of these funds has included both private and public equity and/or debt financing. We have
also raised cash from the bulk sale of whiskey. We cannot assure that additional financing will be available to us on acceptable
terms or at all. If additional capital is either unavailable or cost prohibitive, our operations and growth may be limited, and we
may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of, or eliminate, our expansion or to reduce or curtail our operations.
Also, any additional financing we undertake could impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility. If we issue
equity securities to raise capital, our existing shareholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have rights,
preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. 

We
have defaulted in repaying the Senior Convertible Notes. 

On
October 18, 2022, 3.4 million of Senior Convertible Notes became due and were not repaid by the Company. We received a one-time extension
to November 18, 2022; however, we have not received a second extension. The Company continues to discuss extension and refinance options
with the holders of the Notes, who have not exercised any of their remedial rights in the event of a default under the Notes. The Note-holders
do however, reserve their rights to remediate our default under the Notes, including foreclosure on their liens on the Company s
assets. If we are unable to reach a satisfactory accommodation with the Note-holders, our secured creditors may take action, including
foreclosure, that would adversely affect our business and possibly force us into liquidation. 

12 

We
may be unable to effectively service and refinance debt. 

We
have incurred significant debt under promissory notes and inventory financing lines. Much of our debt is secured by our bulk spirits
inventory and other assets, including assets in Craft C+P. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations depends upon our operating
and financial performance, which is subject to general economic and competitive conditions and to financial, business, and other factors
affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt, we may need to sell inventory and
other material assets, restructure or refinance our debt, or seek additional equity capital. Prevailing economic conditions and global
credit markets could adversely impact our ability to do so. 

Our
debt agreements contain limits on our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt, grant liens, undergo certain fundamental
changes, make investments, and dispose of inventory. In 2022, we refinanced debt that had certain covenants with other facilities. While
these new facilities do not have the same covenants, they include substantial restrictions that could have important consequences, including
the following: 

We
 may need to prematurely pay down our outstanding debt balance if the market value of our bulk spirits falls and we need to remain
 within our borrowing base covenants; 

We
 may be more limited in our ability to execute on our strategy and have flexibility to operate or restructure our business; 

Our
 cash flow from operations may be allocated to the payment of outstanding debt and not to developing and growing our brands; 

We
 might not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or other sources to enable us to meet our payment obligations under the facility
 and to fund other liquidity needs; 

We
 may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, less able to withstand competitive pressures, and less flexible in responding to changing
 business and economic conditions; or 

We
 may be unable to incur additional debt, including for working capital, acquisitions, or other needs. 

If
we breach a loan covenant or miss a payment, the lenders could accelerate the repayment of debt and foreclose on our inventory and other
assets. We might not have sufficient assets to repay our debt upon acceleration. If we are unable to repay or refinance the debt upon
acceleration or at maturity, the lenders could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding against us or collection proceedings with respect to
our assets securing the facility, which could materially decrease the value of our common stock. 

Failure
to retain and recruit executive management and to build morale and improve performance could negatively impact our business. 

Eastside
Distilling s success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our executive management team, key senior management, and a high-quality
employee base, as well as our ability to attract, motivate, reward, and retain them. If one of our executive officers or critical senior
management terminates his or her employment, we may not be able to replace their expertise, fully integrate new personnel or replicate
the prior working relationships. The loss of critical employees might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business
objectives. Qualified individuals with the breadth of skills and experience in our industry that we require are in high demand, and we
may incur significant costs to attract them. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent, or the unexpected
loss of experienced employees could have an adverse impact on our business performance. In addition, we could experience business disruption
and/or increased costs related to organizational changes, reductions in workforce, or other cost-cutting measures. 

13 

Failure
of our brands to achieve anticipated consumer acceptance would impact sales and profitability. 

Most
of our brands are relatively new and have not achieved national brand recognition. We have not yet had success growing a brand to a sufficient
level to realize corporate wide profitability. Also, brands we may develop and/or acquire in the future may not establish widespread
brand recognition. Accordingly, if consumers do not accept our brands at scale, our sales will be limited, and we will not be able to
penetrate our markets. Our profitability depends in part on achieving scale. We will need to achieve wider market acceptance of our brands
and materially increase sales to achieve profitability. 

We
must maintain adequate terms from our supply partner Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan, SA. de CV, which if not done, will likely result in
deteriorating performance of our Azu ia brand. 

We
have a long-term exclusive agreement with Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan, SA. de CV Agaveros Unidos for the
Azu ia Tequila brand. The termination of our relationship or an adverse change in the terms of our arrangement with Agaveros
Unidos could have a negative impact on our business. If Agaveros Unidos increases its prices, we may not be able to secure
alternative suppliers, and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even a portion of the increased
costs. Also, its failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders, or delays in shipping could cause us to fail to meet
orders for our products, lose sales, incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn, this could cause us
to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors, ultimately leading to a decline in our
business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable
alternatives, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

Failure
of our distributors to distribute our products adequately within their territories or under-invest in our brands could
result in deteriorating operating performance. 

We
are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or, in 17 states known as control states, state-owned agencies performing
this function, to sell our products to retail outlets, including liquor stores, bars, restaurants and national chains in the United States.
We have established relationships for our brands with a limited number of wholesale distributors; however, failure to maintain those
relationships could significantly and adversely affect our business, sales and growth. We currently distribute our spirits in 30 states. 

Over
the past decade there has been increasing consolidation in production, distribution, and retail (the three tiers of the current system)
that challenges the growth of small businesses in the marketplace. Our distributors also distribute competitive brands for much larger
companies with significant pricing power. The ultimate success of our products depends in large part on our distributors ability
and desire to distribute our products, as we rely significantly on them for product placement and retail store penetration. In many key
states, we have signed contracts that greatly limit our ability to replace and pursue recourse with distributor partners that fail to
meet their obligations. We cannot assure you that our U.S. distributors will commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market
our brands and product lines. If they do not, our sales will be harmed, resulting in a decline in our results of operations. 

Failure
of our products to secure and maintain listings in the control states would result in a decline in revenue. 

In
the control states, the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered
for sale in their respective states. Products selected for listing in control states must generally reach certain sales volumes and/or
profit levels to maintain their listings. Products in control states are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures, which
are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can
only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state through special orders, if at all. If, in the future, we are unable to
maintain our current listings in the control states, or secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may
develop or acquire, sales of our products could decrease significantly, which would have a material adverse financial effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. 

Failure
to maintain adequate inventory levels would negatively impact operational profitability. 

We
maintain inventories of our product aging in barrels, as well as, to meet customer delivery requirements. We have used our barreled spirits
inventory at market value as collateral in our financing. If we do not make timely payments on our financing obligations, or we breach
our covenants in any financing document, including maintaining loan-to-value ratios, the lenders may foreclose and take possession of
our inventory. In addition, this inventory is always at risk of loss due to theft, fire, evaporation, spoilage, or other damage, and
any such loss, whether insured against or not, could cause us to fail to meet our orders and harm our sales and operating results. Also,
our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products, cease to produce old products or modify the design of our products 
packaging, which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact our results of operations. 

14 

We
have been unsuccessful in launching new products and recent launches have negatively impacted the rate of loss. 

A
component of our growth strategy has been the addition of other brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio. In addition,
we have launched new services and acquired new assets. Future growth requires we continue to invest in the newly acquired businesses
or our growth will be limited. In addition, our entry into and expansion of our contract bottling, canning, and packaging services may
not be successful, and we may not realize the benefits of these co-packing operations and may face certain risks, including safety concerns,
product contamination, and equipment malfunctions or breakdowns, among other things associated with our manufacturing operations. 

If
we are successful in acquiring additional brands or related service businesses, we may still fail to achieve our target margins or maintain
profitability levels that would justify our investment in those additional brands or services or fail to realize operating and economic
efficiencies or other planned benefits with respect to those additional brands or services. 

The
addition of new products or businesses entails numerous risks with respect to integration and other operating issues, any of which could
have a detrimental effect on our results of operations and/or the value of our equity. These risks include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

difficulties
 in assimilating acquired operations or products, including failure to realize synergies; 

failure
 to realize or anticipate benefits or to execute on our planned strategy for the acquired brand or business; 

unanticipated
 costs that could materially adversely affect our results of operations; 

negative
 effects on reported results of operations from acquisition-related charges and amortization of acquired intangibles; 

diversion
 of management s attention from other business concerns; 

adverse
 effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, distributors and retail customers; 

risks
 of entering new markets or markets in which we have limited prior experience; and 

the
 potential inability to retain and motivate key employees of acquired businesses. 

Our
ability to grow through the acquisition of additional brands is also dependent upon identifying acceptable acquisition targets and opportunities,
our ability to consummate prospective transactions on favorable terms, or at all, and the availability of capital to complete the necessary
acquisition arrangements. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash resources, third-party
financing and, in appropriate circumstances, the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could
have a significant effect on our financial position and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results.
Also, acquisitions could result in the recording of significant goodwill and intangible assets on our financial statements, the amortization
or impairment of which would reduce reported earnings in subsequent years. 

Failure
to protect our customer relationships, trademarks and trade secrets from competitors would result in increased competition. 

Our
business and prospects depend in part on our ability to develop and retain customers as well as cultivate favorable consumer recognition
of our brands and trademarks. Although we apply for registration of our brands and trademarks, they could be imitated in ways that we
cannot prevent. Also, we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how, concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information
may not be adequate. Moreover, we may face claims of misappropriation or infringement of third parties rights that could interfere
with our use of this information. Defending these claims may be costly and, if unsuccessful, may prevent us from continuing to use this
proprietary information in the future and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition
agreements with all of our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain
access to our trade secrets, proprietary know-how or recipes, the appeal, and thus the value, of our brand portfolio could be reduced,
negatively impacting our sales and growth potential. 

15 

Failure
to manage our relationships with suppliers 

Our
business depends on our ability to manage our relationships with suppliers and at times we have disputes on contracts, terms and conditions,
required payments and our suppliers recourse. These disputes have been material at various periods. If we are unable to resolves
disputes on a timely basis we could be subject to protracted litigation that would be costly to us. In addition, we, at times, have requested extended payment terms from
customers due to cash flow limitations. A number of suppliers have restricted our purchasing ability to cash paid in advance, which negatively
impacts us. 

We
are susceptible to cyber-security breaches and cyber-related fraud. 

We
rely on information technology IT systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing
facilities and tools, hardware (including laptops and mobile devices), and software and technical applications and platforms, some of
which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors, to assist us in the management of our business. 

Increased
IT security threats and more sophisticated cyber-crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services,
as well as to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. If the IT systems, networks, or service providers we rely
upon fail to function properly, or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information, due to any number of
causes, ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not effectively
address these failures on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational, competitive
and/or business harm, which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition. In addition, such events could result
in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information, and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost
or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, our employees, customers, suppliers, or consumers. In
any of these events, we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security
breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY 

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by consumer taste changes affecting category trends. 

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors, including changes in demographic and social trends, public health initiatives, product
innovations, changes in vacation or leisure, dining and beverage consumption patterns and a downturn in economic conditions, any or all
of which may reduce consumers willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer,
wine or non-alcoholic beverages or other products. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer
needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations. 

In
addition, the legalization of marijuana in any of the jurisdictions in which we sell our products may result in a reduction in sales.
Studies have shown that sales of alcohol may decrease in jurisdictions where marijuana has been legalized. As a result, marijuana sales
may adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

We
face substantial competition in our industry and have limited financial resources compared to other competitors. 

We
compete on the basis of product taste and quality, brand image, price, service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences.
The global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large, well-funded international companies. Many of our
competitors have longer operating histories and have substantially greater financial, sales, marketing and other resources than we do,
as well as larger installed customer bases, greater name recognition and broader product offerings. Some of these competitors can devote
greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products. As a result, it is possible that our competitors
may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market
share, which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

16 

We
face unique risks relating to class actions or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol. 

Our
industry faces the possibility of class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage alcohol
has caused death or serious health problems or that we failed to adequately warn consumers of the risks of alcohol consumption. It is
also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government-funded healthcare costs. Litigation
or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry, and it is possible that we, as well as our suppliers,
could be named in litigation of this type. 

Lawsuits
have been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage
consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants advertisements, marketing and promotions
violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family funds
expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits, we could be named in similar lawsuits in the future.
Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against, depleting our cash
and diverting our personnel resources and, if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail, our business could be harmed significantly. 

We
face substantial regulatory risks including compliance with local and national laws, legal, regulatory and tax changes. 

Our
business is subject to extensive government regulation. This includes regulations regarding production, distribution, marketing, advertising
and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses.
We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import, warehouse, transport, distribute and sell beverage
alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will not change or become
more stringent. Moreover, because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation, we may not be able to predict when and to
what extent liability may arise. Additionally, due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems, including driving
while intoxicated, underage drinking, alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol, various levels of government may
seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure
to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry and products could result in monetary
penalties, suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant
and could harm our business, as we could find it necessary to raise our prices in order to maintain profit margins, which could lower
the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential. 

Also,
the distribution of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation (at both the federal and state government levels), and
beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries around the world. An increase
in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins, both through the reduction of
overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol. 

We
were subject to a tax investigation of the operations by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau TTB for the period
October 15, 2018 to September 30, 2021. In March of 2022, we received notices of violations citing ten violations at our Motherlode distilled
spirits plant, six violations at our Big Bottom Distilling distilled spirits plant and eight violations at our Eastside Distilling distilled
spirits plant. As a result of these violations, we are required to pay 0.3 million to the TTB and correct the violating conditions. 

We
are exposed to product liability or other related liabilities which could have significant negative financial repercussions on the Company s
solvency. 

Although
we maintain liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from consumer, stakeholder
and other lawsuits, these measures may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit product liability or other related liabilities.
Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to 1 million per occurrence and 3 million in the aggregate and 2 million products/completed
operations aggregate, and our general liability umbrella policy is limited to 5 million per occurrence and 5 million in the aggregate
and 5 million products/completed operations aggregate. We do not have insurance covering employee lawsuits. Further, any contractual
indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited, as a practical matter, to the creditworthiness
of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event, extensive product liability
claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation or business. 

17 

We
could face issues including the risk of contamination of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly similar products. 

The
success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination, whether arising accidentally or through
deliberate third-party action, or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands, could affect the demand for
our products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in the
distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality, as well as illness among, or injury to, consumers of our
products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands and potentially serious damage to our reputation
for product quality, as well as product liability claims. Also, to the extent that third parties sell products that are either counterfeit
versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands, consumers of our brands could confuse our products with products that they
consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity
and adversely affect our sales and operations. 

In
addition, we also provide contract bottling, canning, and packaging services for existing and emerging beer, wine and spirits producers.
Beer and wine products produced by third parties may be more susceptible to contamination than the distilled products that we produce,
due to the lower alcohol content. 

We
have incurred substantial turnover in employees over the past few years, which has negatively affected operating performance. 

Over
the past two years, we have embarked on a restructuring of operations to improve our financial performance. As a result, management has
experienced a significant amount of employee turnover. In addition, we have reduced the total number of employees of the firm. This reduced
headcount has negatively impacted performance in a number of ways. If this level of turnover continues, we could face operational challenges
that would negatively impact financial performance. 

We
operate with one person as a CEO and CFO, which could have a negative impact on financial performance. 

In
February 2022, Eastside s CEO resigned and Eastside s CFO assumed both roles. Operating with a single person as both CEO
and CFO adds risk to the Company s operating performance, given the complexity of our business. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

We
no longer meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market and expect to be removed from the Market, which will reduce
our ability to secure equity-based financing. 

In June 2022, Nasdaq informed us that our common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market unless it achieves the minimum
closing bid price requirement for a Nasdaq listing, which is 1.00 per share. On December 1, 2022, Nasdaq granted our request to extend
our listing until May 30, 2023. At the present time, the market price of our common stock is significantly short of 1.00 per share. In
addition, the financial statements included in this Report show that our shareholders equity no longer meets the standard of 2.5
million required for continuing listing. For these reasons, our common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market in the near
future and will thereafter trade on the facilities of OTC Markets. Many institutional investors will not provide financing to a company
that does not have a listing on Nasdaq or an exchange. Therefore, the delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq will make it more difficult
for us to secure equity-based financing for our business. 

Sales
of our stock or use of our common stock to satisfy obligations may impact the market price and cause substantial dilution to existing
shareholders. 

We
will need to raise additional capital, which might be in the form of an equity offering. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common
or preferred stock, including shares that we may issue upon exercise of warrants or conversion of preferred stock, could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. Further, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, the percentage ownership
of our stockholders will be reduced and cause substantial dilution to current stockholders. 

We
pay certain of our directors, consultants and business partners in our common stock or other securities linked to our common stock, and
sometimes settle debts with common stock. Continued use of our stock in this manner, especially if our stock price is trading at a low
price, may cause dilution to our shareholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

18 

A
decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise working capital and finance our operations. 

A
further decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in
our ability to raise capital. A decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and our operations.
Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect on our business plans
and operations, including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our common stock price further
declines, we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient to
meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future, we may not be able to have the resources to continue
our normal operations. 

If
we are unable to continue as a going concern, our securities will have little or no value. 

We
have incurred operating losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for
the foreseeable future. Our financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. Our
independent registered public accounting firm included in its audit report for the year ended December 31, 2022 an explanatory paragraph
referring to our net loss from operations and accumulated deficit and expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going
concern without additional capital becoming available. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash from operations or obtain additional
financing in the future, we might not be able to continue as a going concern. There are no assurances that such financing, if necessary,
will be available to us at all or will be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include
any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate additional funds in the future through
financings, sales of our products or from other sources or transactions, we will exhaust our resources and will be unable to continue
operations. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in us. 

While
our derivatives are outstanding, it may be more difficult to raise additional equity capital to fund operations. 

There
are currently outstanding non-trading, privately issued common stock warrants to purchase shares of our common stock as well as certain
debt and preferred shares that are convertible into common stock. During the terms that these derivative securities are outstanding,
the holders will be given the opportunity to profit if there is a rise in the market price of our common stock. We may find it more difficult
to raise additional equity capital while we have these derivatives outstanding. We might issue additional derivatives along with a future
financing. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

For
the foreseeable future, it is anticipated that earnings, if any, that may be generated from our operations will be used to finance our
operations and that cash dividends will not be paid to holders of common stock. 

19 

By
issuing preferred stock, we may adversely affect the market price and voting rights of common shareholders. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation permit us to issue, without approval from our stockholders, a total of 100 million shares of preferred stock.
Our Board may determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to, or imposed upon, the shares of preferred stock
and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series. It is possible that our Board, in determining
the rights, preferences and privileges to be granted when the preferred stock is issued, may include provisions that have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price,
or that adversely affect the market price of and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

Item
2. PROPERTIES 

We
leased the following properties as of December 31, 2022: 

Location 
 
 Principal
 Activities 
 
 Sq
 Ft 
 
 Lease
 Termination 

1601
 South 92nd Place, Suite A, Seattle, WA 98108 
 
 Craft
 C+P Operation 
 
 9,300 
 
 07/31/2023 
 
 6035
 East 76th Ave., Suite G-I, Commerce City, CO 80022 
 
 Craft
 C+P Operation 
 
 4,500 
 
 08/01/2023 
 
 10100
 SE Main St., Milwaukie, OR 97222 
 
 Distilling,
 Blending, Bottling, Warehousing 
 
 29,960 
 
 10/01/2023 
 
 4736
 SE 24 th Street, Portland, OR 97202 
 
 CBD Co-packing Operations 
 
 9,000 
 
 05/31/2026 
 
 3808
 N. Sullivan Road, Spokane Valley, WA 98108 
 
 Craft
 C+P Operation 
 
 6,000 
 
 02/28/2027 
 
 2321
 NE Argyle, Unit D, Portland, OR 97211 
 
 Craft
 C+P Operation / Corporate Headquarters 
 
 50,380 
 
 03/01/2027 

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On March 1, 2023, Sandstrom Partners, Inc. filed a complaint in the Circuit Court of the State of Oregon for the County of Multnomah alleging
the Company failed to pay for its services pursuant to an agreement entered into on October 16, 2019. The complaint seeks damages of 285,000,
plus a judicial declaration, due to the Company s failure to pay for the services. The Company believes that it paid for
services rendered, and if any balance is outstanding it is minimal, and intends to defend the case vigorously. 

On
December 15, 2020, Grover Wickersham filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District Court of Oregon against the
Company. Mr. Wickersham, the former CEO and Chairman of the Board of the Company, has asserted causes of action for fraud in the inducement,
breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamation, interference with economic advantage,
elder financial abuse, and dissemination of false and misleading proxy materials The Company disputes the allegations and intends to
defend the case vigorously. 

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

20 

PART
II 

Item
5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol EAST. We have received notice
that our common stock will be removed from Nasdaq on May 30, 2023, after which it will trade on the facilities of OTC Markets. 

Shareholders 

Our
shares of common stock are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Transfer Online,
Inc. 512 SE Salmon Street, Portland, Oregon 97214 (Telephone: (503) 227-2950). 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were 16,532,799 shares of our common stock outstanding, which were held by 78 record stockholders. The number of record
holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose
shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid cash dividends on our common stock since our inception, and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Repurchase
of Securities 

None. 

Item
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

21 

Item
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

In
this Form 10-K and in other documents incorporated herein, as well as in oral statements made by the Company, statements that are prefaced
with the words may, will, expect, anticipate, continue, estimate, 
 project, intend, designed, and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements regarding events, conditions, and financial trends that may affect the Company s future plans of operations, business
strategy, results of operations, and financial position. Examples include those statements set forth above prior to Item 1. Business
- Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. These statements are based on the Company s current expectations
and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the Company can give no assurance. Further, any forward-looking
statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual future
financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include the factors set forth above and the other information
set forth in this Form 10-K. 

Recent
Developments 

During the second quarter of 2022,
we commenced operations of our digital can printing facility, providing our customers with photo-realistic graphics, the ability to make
label modifications at the last minute, as well as lower minimum order quantities. In addition to the increased marketing capabilities,
we are offering sustainable product that is 100 recyclable, unlike the traditional craft paper adhesive labels and shrink sleeves. We
believe these capabilities are important to customers in the craft beverage space and will expand the range of potential customers. During
2022, we printed almost 5 million cans and expanded our customer base substantially. 

In addition, we purchased the
packaging assets from a maker of wellness beverages during the second quarter of 2022 and we are contracted to be its exclusive provider
of can printing and co-packing services. This asset purchase allows us to offer additional production capabilities to existing and potential
canning customers. 

However, we faced a number of
challenges in both business segments in 2021 that have continued into 2022. Increased competition in our legacy mobile canning business,
supply chain issues and restructuring activities added to performance challenges in 2021 and 2022. Moreover, a slower ramp up of digital
printing resulted in substantial operating losses from the new digital printing plant. While those operating losses sequentially improved
in the 2 nd and 3 rd quarter, our 4 th quarter performance was negatively impacted by a lower backlog of
printing orders than anticipated. As a result, we have yet to achieve the throughput rates needed to break even in digital printing. 

22 

Our
spirits volume declined in 2022, primarily because we terminated deep discounting of Azu ia tequila in 2021. Our spirits sales
were also adversely affected by our lack of available investment in marketing which impacted our other brands. Additionally, we faced
challenges with distribution partners that resulted in out of stocks at retail and missed programming windows. Finally, we saw cost increases
across much of our direct and indirect costs. While a substantial amount of our raw materials is owned, such as our whiskey, and not susceptible
to price inflation, the prices of imported tequila and other materials such as glass increased through the year. These challenges are
expected to continue into 2023. The decline in sales was partially offset by a direct sale of nearly 1,500 barrels for 4.4 million during
2022. 

Craft
 C+P also continues to face unique challenges and opportunities: 

In
 the beginning of the second quarter, we started a new business activity digitally decorating craft beverage cans. The first half of
 2022 involved substantial investment and planning to launch the technology in a new Portland, Oregon based printing facility. This
 new initiative has helped us improve our competitive position. However, fourth quarter sales of printed cans were lower than we
 anticipated, so the printer is not yet operating at full capacity and this aspect of our business is not yet significantly
 profitable. 

Beginning
 mid-year 2020 and throughout 2021, the craft beverage industry faced a shortage of aluminum cans. Domestic aluminum can manufacturers
 continued to make adjustments to manage a supply demand imbalance into 2022. As a result, buyers of aluminum cans continue to face
 uncertainties. This period of rapidly escalating prices left us at a competitive disadvantage to others that had a superior source
 of cans. We believe we have now sourced an adequate supply of cans to supply our current business plan. 

Due to the can shortage, can suppliers successfully passed through price
increases, which we could not immediately pass through to our customers. Recently, however, our ability to offer digital can printing
has allowed us to improve our ability to pass through aluminum can price inflation. 

Throughout 2022, Craft C+P faced workforce challenges related to retention
and hiring. 

Results
of Operations 

Overview 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Sales 
 14,327 
 12,890 
 1,437 
 
 Less customer programs and excise taxes 
 444 
 496 
 (52 
 
 Net sales 
 13,883 
 12,394 
 1,489 
 
 Cost of sales 
 11,442 
 9,484 
 1,958 
 
 Gross profit 
 2,441 
 2,910 
 (469 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 2,625 
 2,614 
 11 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 6,407 
 6,777 
 (370 
 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 58 
 419 
 (361 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 9,090 
 9,810 
 (720 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (6,649 
 (6,900 
 251 
 
 Interest expense 
 (2,216 
 (1,254 
 (962 
 
 Impairment loss 
 (7,453 
 - 
 (7,453 
 
 Other income 
 52 
 2,100 
 (2,048 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (16,266 
 (6,054 
 (10,212 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 - 
 3,858 
 (3,858 
 
 Net loss 
 (16,266 
 (2,196 
 (14,070 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 (150 
 (27 
 (123 
 
 Deemed dividend- warrant price protection-revaluation adjustment 
 - 
 (2,288 
 2,288 
 
 Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (16,416 
 (4,511 
 (11,905 
 
 Gross margin 
 18 
 23 
 -5 

23 

Segment
information is as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Spirits 

Sales 
 8,701 
 5,672 
 3,029 
 
 Net sales 
 8,357 
 5,176 
 3,181 
 
 Cost of sales 
 5,101 
 3,743 
 1,358 
 
 Gross profit 
 3,256 
 1,433 
 1,823 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 4,496 
 5,634 
 (1,138 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (10,917 
 155 
 (11,072 
 
 Gross margin 
 39 
 28 
 11 

Craft C+P 

Sales 
 5,626 
 7,218 
 (1,592 
 
 Net sales 
 5,526 
 7,218 
 (1,692 
 
 Cost of sales 
 6,341 
 5,741 
 600 
 
 Gross profit 
 (815 
 1,477 
 (2,292 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 4,594 
 4,176 
 418 
 
 Net loss 
 (5,349 
 (2,351 
 (2,998 
 
 Gross margin 
 -15 
 20 
 -35 

Sales 

Sales
were 14.3 million and 12.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Spirits 

Sales
increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the sale of nearly 1,450 barrels for gross proceeds of 4.4 million, partially
offset by weaker Azu ia volume due to a reduction in discounting and a price increase in 2021. 

Craft
C+P 

Sales
decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to competitive pressure in the legacy mobile canning business. At the same time,
digital printing sales in the fourth quarter were less than we anticipated, with the result that sales from digital printing did
not materialize fast enough to offset the decline in mobile canning. 

Customer
programs and excise taxes 

Customer
programs and excise taxes were 0.4 million and 0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included among
customer programs during the year ended December 31, 2022 was the discount of 0.1 million that we gave to a beverage maker that sold
us its printing and canning assets. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales consists of all direct costs related to both spirits and canning for service, labor, overhead, packaging, and in-bound freight
charges. Cost of sales were 11.4 million and 9.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

24 

Spirits 

Cost
of sales increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to bulk sales partially offset by lower distributor sales
volume. 

Craft
C+P 

Cost
of sales increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to costs related to the ramp up of the digital can printer
operation. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit is calculated by subtracting the cost of products sold and services rendered from net sales. Gross profit was 2.4 million and
 2.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Gross
margin is gross profit stated as a percentage of net sales. Our gross margin was 18 and 23 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Spirits 

Gross
margin increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to bulk spirits profits. 

Craft
C+P 

Craft
C+P s gross margin decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to lower sales of services for the year ended December
31, 2022 and lower utilization of operating assets. In addition, Craft C+P launched its digital can printing business at the end of April
2022, which impacted margins. However, since we have not achieved full capacity of the printer, the costs of the ramp-up has negatively
impacted gross margins. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses were flat at 2.6 million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses were 6.4 million and 6.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily
due to decreased professional fees and compensation, partially offset by increased rent as we entered into additional leases to support
new business initiatives. 

Impairment
Loss 

Impairment
loss was 7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the Azu ia assets. 

Other
Income 

Other
income was 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was attributable to our co-packing asset acquisition. Other income was
 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was attributable to the forgiveness of our loans under the U.S. government Paycheck
Protection Program PPP Loans and the remeasurement of deferred consideration for the final Azu ia earn-out. 

Net
Income (Loss) 

Net
loss was 16.3 million and 2.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, we recorded 7.5
million for an impairment charge related to the Azu ia assets and 1.2 million of amortization of debt issuance costs
included in interest expense. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 2.1 million of other income and income of 3.9
million from discontinued operations. 

25 

Preferred
Stock Dividends 

Preferred
stock dividends were 0.2 million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and related to the Series B preferred stock
dividend of 6 per annum. Dividends were paid in common stock at year end. 

Deemed
Dividend Warrant Price Protection-Revaluation Adjustment 

Deemed
dividend warrant price protection-revaluation adjustment was 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and related to the exercise
of outstanding warrants. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
primary capital requirements are for cash used in operating activities and the repayment of debt. Funds for our cash and liquidity needs
have historically not been generated from operations but rather from short-term credit in the form of extended payment terms from suppliers
as well as proceeds from loans and the sale of convertible debt and equity. We have been dependent on raising capital from debt and equity
financings to meet our operating needs. In 2022, we also relied on the sale of bulk whiskey inventory to generate cash. During the year
we sold nearly 1,500 barrels of bulk inventory. At year-end 2022, we had 1,365 barrels of whiskey remaining, which is adequate to support
our 2023 business plan. 

We
had an accumulated deficit of 75.0 million as of December 31, 2022, having incurred a net loss of 16.3 million during the year ended
December 31, 2022. The net loss, combined with a reclassification from current assets to equipment of 4.2 million in prepayments related
to the digital can printer, resulted in an 6.8 million reduction in working capital. As of December 31, 2022, we had 0.7 million of
cash on hand with negative working capital of 6.4 million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we raised 8.7 million in additional capital through debt financing and an equity raise of 0.2 million.
Our ability to meet our ongoing operating cash needs over the next 12 months depends on receipt of additional financing, which in turn
depends on our growing revenues and gross margins, and generating positive operating cash flow, primarily through increased sales, profitable
operations, and controlling expenses. None of this is assured, as we currently anticipate recording a net loss for 2023. Our ability
to obtain financing will also be hindered by the anticipated removal of our common stock from Nasdaq. If we are unable to obtain additional
financing, or additional financing is not available on acceptable terms, we may seek to sell assets, reduce operating expenses, reduce
or eliminate marketing initiatives and take other measures that could impair our ability to be successful. 

We
continue to make substantial investments in Craft C+P, which we believe will deliver improved results during 2023, in part due to our
acquisition of a state-of-the-art digital can printer that will add incremental services and revenue. 

Our
cash flow results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash flows provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (0.9 
 (5.9 
 
 Investing activities 
 (2.3 
 3.2 
 
 Financing activities 
 0.6 
 5.2 

Operating
Activities 

Total
cash used in operating activities was 0.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash used of 5.9 million during
the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used was primarily attributable to the cash generated by our bulk spirits sales,
as well as increased accrued liabilities. 

26 

Investing
Activities 

Total
cash used in investing activities was 2.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 representing our investment in digital can
printing equipment, compared to cash provided of 3.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of 3.4 million
received for the Termination Agreement with RSG. 

Financing
Activities 

Total
cash provided by financing activities was 0.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.2 million during the year
ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of net
proceeds from a note payable with a related party of 4.5 million and the issuance of common stock of 0.2 million, offset by 2.8 million
of principal payments of our secured credit facilities and 1.2 million of payments on principal of notes payable. Net cash flows provided
by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 2.4 million,
proceeds from a secured credit facility of 3.3 million, and the issuance of common stock from the warrant exercise for cash, net of
expenses, proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock of 2.5 million; offset by 3.7 million of principal payments of our secured
credit facilities and 2.9 million of payments on principal of notes payable. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with United States. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts
and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period
in which they become known. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially
accurate. 

In
connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, there was one accounting estimate we
made that was subject to a high degree of uncertainty and was critical to our results, as follows: 

Intangible
Assets 

On
September 12, 2019, we purchased the Azu ia brand, the direct sales team, existing product inventory, supply chain relationships
and contractual agreements from Intersect Beverage, LLC, an importer and distributor of tequila and related products. The Azu ia
brand has been determined to have an indefinite life and will not be amortized. We do, however, on an annual basis, test the indefinite
life assets for impairment. If the carrying value of the indefinite life assets are found to be impaired, then we will record an impairment
loss and reduce the carrying value of the asset s estimate the useful life of the brand and amortize the asset over the remainder of its
useful life. 

We
estimate the brand s fair value using market information to estimate future cash flows and will impair it when its carrying amount
exceeds its estimated fair value, in which case we will write it down to its estimated fair value. We consider market values for similar
assets when available. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value, including making assumptions about future
cash flows, net sales and discount rates. 

We
have the option, before quantifying the fair value, to evaluate qualitative factors to assess whether it is more likely than not that
our brand is impaired. If we determine that is not the case, then we are not required to quantify the fair value. That assessment also
takes considerable management judgment. 

Based
on our assumptions, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Azu ia brand was impaired, and accordingly we recorded an
impairment loss of 7.5 million. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

27 

Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Eastside Distilling, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Eastside Distilling, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company suffered a net loss from operations and used cash in operations, which
raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also
described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures
to which it relates. 

Evaluation
of Intangible Assets 

As
discussed in Note 3 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired two entities during 2019 accounted for as business
combinations, which required assets and liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition date fair values. At each reporting period,
certain intangible assets are required to be assessed annually for impairment based on the facts and circumstances at that time. Auditing
management s evaluation of intangible assets can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on future revenues and expenses which are not easily able to be substantiated. 

Given
these factors and due to significant judgements made by management, the related audit effort in evaluating management s
judgments in evaluation of intangible assets required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

The
procedures performed included evaluation of the methods and assumptions used by the Company, tests of the data used and an evaluation
of the findings. We evaluated and tested the Company s significant judgments that determine the impairment evaluation of intangible
assets. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March
 31, 2023 

F- 2 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollars
in thousands, except share and per share) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Trade receivables, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of secured credit facilities, net of debt issuance costs 

Current portion of note payable, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of notes payable 
 - 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Other current liability, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Note payable, related party 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 - 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollars
and shares in thousands, except per share) 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 

Less customer programs and excise taxes 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest expense 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 

Total other income (expense), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 

Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net loss 

Preferred stock dividends 

Deemed dividend-warrant price protection-revaluation adjustment 
 - 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollars
and shares in thousands) 

Series B 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash, net of expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of warrants for secured credit facility 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for Azu ia initial earn-out 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services by third parties 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services by employees 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of stock, sold for cash, net 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock option exercise 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Deemed dividend-warrant price protection-revaluation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services by third parties 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services by employees 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of detachable warrants on notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollars
in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 

Forgiveness of debt - Paycheck Protection Program 
 - 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of assets 

Write off of obsolete fixed assets 

Inventory reserve 

Remeasurement of deferred consideration 
 - 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Interest accrued to secured credit facilities 

Payment of accrued interest on secured credit facilities 
 
 - 
 
 Write off of debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Interest accrued to notes payable, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock in exchange for services for related parties 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for services for third parties 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Right-of-use assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities, related party 

Deferred revenue 

Net lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations 

Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash, net of expenses 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of stock 

Proceeds from secured credit facilities 
 - 

Proceeds from note payable, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Payments of principal on notes payable, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Payments of principal on secured credit facilities 

Payments of principal on notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash at the end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activity 

Dividends issued 

Issuance of detachable warrants on notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Warrants issued in relation to secured credit facilities 
 - 

Deemed dividend-warrant price protection-revaluation adjustment 
 - 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to Azu ia earn-out 
 - 

Issuance of notes payable pursuant to Azu ia final earn-out 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

million as of December 31, 2022, having incurred
a net loss of million
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The net loss, combined with a reclassification from current assets to equipment of 
 million in prepayments related to the Company s
purchase of a digital can printer, resulted in a 
 million reduction in working capital. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised million in additional capital through debt financing and an equity raise. The
Company s ability to meet its ongoing operating cash needs over the next 12 months depends on growing revenues and gross margins,
and generating positive operating cash flow primarily through increased sales, improved profit growth, and controlling expenses. If the
Company is unable to obtain additional financing, or additional financing is not available on acceptable terms, the Company may seek
to sell assets, reduce operating expenses, reduce or eliminate marketing initiatives, and take other measures that could impair its ability
to be successful. 

Although
the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared under the assumption that it would
continue operations as a going concern, the report of its independent registered public accounting firm that accompanied the financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contained a going concern explanatory paragraph in which such firm expressed substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, based on the financial statements at that time. If the Company
cannot continue as a going concern, its stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in it. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million and million for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

of trade receivables. As of December 31, 2021, four wholesale customers represented of
trade receivables. Sales to one distributor and one wholesale customer accounted for of consolidated sales for the year ended December
31, 2022. Sales to one wholesale customer accounted for of consolidated sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Items
Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Certain
assets and liabilities acquired in a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition due to having indefinite
lives. The Company, on an annual basis, tests the indefinite life assets for impairment. If an indefinite life asset is found to be impaired,
then the Company will estimate its useful life and amortize the asset over the remainder of its useful life. 

t
have any other comprehensive income items for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

(spirits program) or (co-packing program) of the amount due. When the customer
remits payment, the Company receives the remaining balance. For the spirits program, interest is charged on the advanced 75 payment
at a rate of 2.4 for the first 30 days plus 1.44 for each additional ten-day period. For the co-packing program, interest is charged
against the greater of million or the total funds advanced at a rate of plus the prime rate published in the Wall Street Journal.
Under the terms of both agreements, the factoring provider has full recourse against the Company should the customer fail to pay the
invoice. In accordance with ASC Topic 860 Transfers and Servicing , the Company has concluded that these agreements have
met all three conditions identified in ASC Topic 860-10-40-5 (a) (c) and have accounted for this activity as a sale. Given the
quality of the factored accounts, the Company has not recognized a recourse obligation. In certain limited instances, the Company may
provide collection services on the factored accounts but does not receive any fees for acting as the collection agent, and as such, the
Company has not recognized a service obligation asset or liability. The Company factored million of invoices and incurred 
in fees associated with the factoring programs during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 
million factored invoices outstanding. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

On
February 2, 2021, Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co, LLC RRWC entered into a Termination and Inventory Purchase Agreement (the
 Termination Agreement with Rich Marks, LLC, John D. Rich Tisa Trust and Redneck Spirits Group, LLC (collectively the buyers
referred to as RSG ), pursuant to which, on February 5, 2021, RRWC sold all of its inventory of Redneck Riviera, Granny
Rich, and Howdy Dew distilled spirits products, including finished goods, raw materials, and barrel inventory, as well as all assignable
certificates of label approval/exemption, branding, permits, and registrations relating thereto, for million. In addition, the Company
terminated its Amended and Restated License Agreement (the License Agreement dated May 31, 2018 by and among Eastside,
RRWC, Rich Marks, LLC, and John D. Rich TISA Trust U/A/D March 27, 2018, Dwight P. Miles, Trustee in exchange for million. In connection
with the Termination Agreement, the Company entered into a Supplier Agreement dated as of February 2, 2021 with RSG, pursuant to which
the Company agreed to produce certain products and perform specified services for RSG for a six (6) month period on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Supplier Agreement. The Company did not incur any penalties as a result of the termination of the License Agreement. 

For
the year December 31, 2021, the revenue, expenses and cash flows from retail operations and the RRWC business have been classified as
discontinued operations separately from continuing operations. As of December 31, 2022, there were no assets and liabilities related
to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business. 

Less customer programs and excise taxes 
 - 

Net sales 
 - 

Cost of sales 
 - 

Gross profit 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expenses 
 - 

General and administrative expenses 
 - 

Total operating expenses 
 - 

Income from operations 
 - 

Other income, net 

Other income 
 - 

Gain on termination of license agreement 
 - 

Total other expense, net 
 - 

Net income 
 - 

of its revenue. 

Craft
C+P offers digital can printing and co-packing services in Portland, Oregon allowing it to offer end-to-end production capabilities.
Craft C+P operates 13 mobile lines in Washington, Oregon and Colorado. 

Our
CEO reviews certain financial information on a segmented basis, including internal profit and loss statements and internal analysis of
gross margin. These business segments reflect how operations are managed, operating performance is evaluated and the structure of internal
financial reporting. Total asset information by segment is not provided to, or reviewed by, the chief operating decision maker CODM as it is not used to make strategic decisions, allocate resources or assess performance. The accounting policies of the segments are
the same as those described for the Company in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Note 3. Spirits allocates of certain
general and administrative expenses to Craft C+P, which is included in the segments financial data below. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Total operating expenses 

Net income (loss) 

Gross margin 

Interest expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Significant noncash items: 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of debt - PPP 
 - 

Remeasurement of deferred consideration 
 - 

Gain on disposal of offsite inventory 
 - 

Stock compensation 

Craft C+P 

Sales 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss 

Gross margin 
 - 

Interest expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Significant noncash items: 

Gain on disposal of property and equipment 

Forgiveness of debt - PPP 
 - 

Stock compensation 

Craft
C+P s gross margin decreased primarily due to lower sales of services, a change in product and service mix, and higher raw material
costs. In addition, Craft C+P s digital printer commenced operations in April 2022 and Craft C+P now bears the operating costs.
Although printing revenues significantly increased through the quarter, the printer is not yet operating at full capacity. 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Prepayment
 of inventory 

- 

Other 

Total
 prepaid expenses and current assets 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company began operations of its new digital can printer. This resulted in a decrease in prepayment
of fixed assets, as the printer was reclassified to property and equipment. 

Digital
 can printer 

- 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Vehicles 

Total
 cost 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Total
 property and equipment, net 

Purchases
of property and equipment totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation
expense totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company disposed of fixed assets with a net book value of million resulting in a loss on disposal
of fixed assets of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company disposed of fixed assets with a net book value
of million resulting in a loss on disposal of fixed assets of million As a result of these disposals, the Company received
funds of million from the sales of the disposed assets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company wrote off
obsolete fixed assets with a net book value of and million, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a master equity lease agreement with Enterprise FM Trust Enterprise ).
Per the agreement, the Company delivered to Enterprise the titles to certain vehicles, which resulted in a loss on disposal of million.
In return, the Company directly leases the vehicles from Enterprise, which will also manage the maintenance of the vehicles. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired the assets of a production facility for a cash payment of million and concessions
on service pricing. 

Azu ia
 brand 

Customer
 lists 

Total
 intangible assets 

Less
 accumulated amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Intangible
 assets, net 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

The
customer list is being amortized over a seven-year life. Amortization expense totaled 
million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The permits and licenses, and Azu ia brand have all been determined
to have an indefinite life and will not be amortized. The Company, on an annual basis, tests the indefinite life assets for impairment.
If the carrying value of an indefinite life asset is found to be impaired, then the Company will record an impairment loss and reduce
the carrying value of the asset. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the Azu ia assets were impaired and recorded an impairment
loss of million. 

Deposits 

Total other assets 

Less accumulated amortization 

Other assets, net 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of capitalized costs related to services provided for the rebranding of its existing
product line. This amount is being amortized over a seven-year life. 

Amortization
expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
deposits represent office lease deposits. 

The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily
determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information available at commencement to determine the present
value of the lease payments. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value
of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less short-term leases are not recorded
on the balance sheet and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities were million and million, respectively. Aggregate lease expense for the year ended December 31,
2022 was million, consisting of million in operating lease expense for lease liabilities and 0.8 million in short-term lease
cost. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 - 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest (based on weighted-average discount rate) 

Present value of lease liability 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Notes payable bearing interest at . Principal and accrued interest was payable in six equal installments on each six-month anniversary of the issuance date of January 11, 2019. The notes were secured by the security interests and subordinated to the Company s senior indebtedness. The note was fully repaid in January 2022. 
 - 

Promissory note payable bearing interest of . , but was accelerated to December 30, 2022 in accordance with the forbearance agreement entered into on May 24, 2022. Principal and accrued interest were paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note was secured by the assets of Craft C+P. The note was fully repaid in December 2022. 
 - 

Promissory note payable bearing interest of . . Principal and accrued interest were paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note was secured by the assets of Craft C+P and included certain affirmative and financial covenants. The note was fully repaid in December 2022. 
 - 

Promissory note payable under a revolving line of credit bearing variable interest starting at . . The borrowing limit was million. The note was fully repaid in September 2022. 
 - 

Promissory note payable bearing interest of . , but was accelerated to December 30, 2022 in accordance with the forbearance agreement entered into on May 24, 2022. Principal and accrued interest were paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note was secured by the assets of Craft C+P. The note was fully repaid in December 2022. 
 - 

Promissory note payable bearing interest of . , but was accelerated to December 30, 2022 in accordance with the forbearance agreement entered into on May 24, 2022. Principal and accrued interest were paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note was secured by the assets of Craft C+P. The note was fully repaid in December 2022. 
 - 

Promissory note payable bearing interest of . , but was accelerated to December 30, 2022 in accordance with the forbearance agreement entered into on May 24, 2022. Principal and accrued interest were paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note was secured by the assets of Craft C+P. The note was fully repaid in December 2022. 
 - 

Promissory notes payable bearing interest of . . Accrued interest is paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. 

Total notes payable 

Less current portion 
 - 

Long-term portion of notes payable 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

The
Company paid million and million in interest on notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2025 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 2027 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total 

million with a conditional additional loan of million and a conditional term extension of six months. On April 19, 2022 the Company
borrowed the additional loan of million. On August 4, 2022, the Note was amended and restated to increase the principal amount to
 million. The Note bore interest at and carried a commitment fee of . In addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase
warrant to TQLA covering the loan amount with a common stock value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn
down million of the note payable and issued million warrants. The Company paid million in interest during the year ended
December 31, 2022. The Secured Line of Credit Promissory Note was fully repaid on October 7, 2022. 

Note
Purchase Agreement 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement dated as of October 6, 2022 with Aegis Security Insurance Company Aegis ). Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, Aegis purchased from the Company a secured promissory note in the principal
amount of million (the Aegis Note ). Aegis paid for the Aegis Note by paying million to TQLA and the remaining
 million was paid in cash to the Company. The Company pledged substantially all of its assets to secure its obligations to Aegis
under the Aegis Note. 

The
Aegis Note bears interest at per annum, payable every three months. The principal amount of the Aegis Note and a Commitment Fee
of will be payable on October 6, 2023. The Company has a conditional right to twice extend the maturity date of the Aegis Note
by six months upon payment on each occasion of an extension fee of one percent of the principal balance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued million of interest expense. 

The
aforesaid payment by Aegis to TQLA fully satisfied the Secured Line of Credit Promissory Note that the Company issued to TQLA on March
21, 2022 and subsequently amended. 

See
additional discussion regarding the Secured Line of Credit Promissory Note and the Note Purchase Agreement in Note 18. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

6 
Secured Convertible Promissory Notes 

On
April 19, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement Purchase Agreement with accredited investors Subscribers for their purchase of up to million of principal amount of secured convertible promissory notes of
the Company Note or Notes ), which notes are convertible into shares Conversion Shares of
the Company s common stock, par value per share pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Notes with an initial
conversion price of . In connection with the purchase of such Notes, each Subscriber received a warrant Existing Warrant ),
to purchase a number of shares of common stock Warrant Shares equal to of the principal amount of any Note issued
to such Subscriber divided by the conversion price of the Note issued to such Subscriber, at an exercise price equal to . In connection
with the Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Security Agreement under which it granted the Subscribers a security interest
in certain assets of the Company (the Security Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement under which the Company agreed
to register for resale the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares. Concurrently therewith, the Company and the investors closed 
million of the private offering. 

Roth
Capital, LLC acted as placement agent in the private offering, and the Company paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of five percent of the gross proceeds therefrom. The Company received million in net proceeds from the closing, after deducting the fee payable
to the Placement Agent and the legal fees of the Subscribers in connection with the transaction. The Company used the proceeds to repay
prior outstanding notes payable and for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

Interest
on the Notes accrues at a rate of 
per annum and is payable either in cash or in shares of the Company s common stock at the conversion price in the Note on each
of the six and twelve month anniversaries of the issuance date and on the maturity date of . The Company paid 
million in interest during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued million of interest expense. 

All
amounts due under the Notes are convertible at any time after the issuance date, in whole or in part (subject to rounding for fractional
shares), at the option of the holders into the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price, which is subject to adjustment
as summarized below. The Notes were initially convertible into the Company s common stock at an initial fixed conversion price
of per share. This conversion price is subject to adjustment for stock splits, combinations, or similar events, among other adjustments.
On April 1, 2022, the Company and the holders agreed to a reduction of the conversion price of the secured convertible promissory
notes to per share in connection with the Company s issuance of a common stock purchase warrant to TQLA covering its loan
amount of million with a common stock value of per share. 

of the principal amount to be redeemed,
together with accrued and unpaid interest, plus a prepayment fee equal to five percent (5 of the principal amount to be repaid. 

The
Notes contain customary triggering events including but not limited to: (i) failure to make payments when due under the Notes; and (ii)
bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company. If a triggering event occurs, each holder may require the Company to redeem all or any portion
of the Notes (including all accrued and unpaid interest thereon), in cash. 

The
Notes are secured by a subordinated security interest in the Company s assets pursuant to the terms of a Security Agreement entered
into between the Company and the Subscribers. 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an Amendment Agreement with the holders of the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes. The
Amendment Agreement changed the Maturity Date of the Notes from October 18, 2022 to November 18, 2022. In consideration of the extension,
the Company issued shares of its common stock to each of the Subscribers. The Company is in discussions to further extend the maturity date. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company entered into warrant exercise inducement offer letters Inducement Letters with the holders
of the Existing Warrants to exercise for cash their Existing Warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received
gross proceeds of million on the exercise of the outstanding warrants, and recognized a deemed dividend of million based on
the Black Scholes valuation as a result of the higher strike price on the July 2021 issued warrants. See additional discussion in Note
17. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Live
Oak Loan Agreement 

On
January 15, 2020, the Company and its subsidiaries entered into a loan agreement (the Loan Agreement between the Company
and Live Oak Banking Company Live Oak ), a North Carolina banking corporation (the Lender to refinance existing
debt of the Company and to provide funding for general working capital purposes. million and (ii) a borrowing
base equal to 85 of the appraised value of the Company s eligible inventory of whiskey in barrels or totes less an amount equal
to all service fees or rental payments owed by the Company during the 90 day period immediately succeeding the date of determination
to any warehouses or bailees holding eligible inventory (the Loan ). 

The
Loan bore interest at a rate equal to the prime rate plus a spread of , adjusted quarterly. Accrued interest was payable monthly,
with the final installment of interest being due and payable on the Maturity Date. The Company was also obligated to pay a servicing
fee, unused commitment fee and origination fee in connection with the Loan. The Company paid million in interest during the year
ended December 31, 2022. In February 2022, the Company paid million of the secured credit facility with Live Oak. In June 2022,
the Company paid the remaining balance of million. 

The
Loan Agreement contained affirmative and negative covenants that include covenants restricting the Company s ability to, among
other things, incur indebtedness, grant liens, dispose of assets, merge or consolidate, make investments, or enter into restrictive agreements,
subject to certain exceptions. 

The
obligations of the Company under the Loan Agreement were secured by substantially all of its spirits respective assets, except for accounts
receivable and certain other specified excluded property. 

The
Loan Agreement included customary events of default that included among other things, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, inaccuracy
of representations and warranties, cross default to material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults and change in control defaults.
Under certain circumstances, a default interest rate would have applied on all obligations during the existence of an event of default
under the Loan Agreement at a per annum rate equal to above the applicable interest rate. 

In
connection with the Loan Agreement, the Company issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Warrant ). The Warrant expires on . In connection
with the issuance of the Warrant, the Company granted the Lender piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, subject to certain exceptions. 

federal effective tax rate. The Company also has a state tax rate for Oregon of 
for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

State income taxes after credits 

Change in allowance 

Total provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liability 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total deferred tax liability 

Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward NOL of approximately million,
to offset against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for and 
years, respectively. The federal NOLs begin to , and the state NOLs begin to expire in 2030. The utilization of the net
operating loss carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 (as amended, the Internal Revenue Code) and similar state provisions. In general, if the Company experiences a greater than
 percentage aggregate change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a Section 382 ownership
change ), utilization of its pre-change NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code (and similar state laws). The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company s
stock at the time of such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations
may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be substantial. 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability
of the deferred tax assets, management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate. 

,
plus a judicial declaration, due to the Company s failure to pay for the services. The Company believes that it paid for
services rendered, and if any balance is outstanding it is minimal, and intends to defend the case vigorously. 

On
December 15, 2020, Grover Wickersham filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District Court of Oregon against the
Company. Mr. Wickersham, the former CEO and Chairman of the Board of the Company, has asserted causes of action for fraud in the inducement,
breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamation, interference with economic advantage,
elder financial abuse, and dissemination of false and misleading proxy materials. The Company disputes the allegations and intends to
defend the case vigorously. 

The
Company is not currently subject to any other material legal proceedings; however, it could be subject to legal proceedings and claims
from time to time in the ordinary course of its business, or legal proceedings it considered immaterial may in the future become material.
Regardless of the outcome, litigation can, among other things, be time consuming and expensive to resolve, and can divert management
resources. 

anti-dilutive common shares included in the calculation of income (loss) per common share
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

shares of common stock to directors and shares of its common stock to each of the Subscribers of the Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes for stock-based compensation of 
million These shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, within the range of to per share. 

On
February 4, 2022, 
 shares were issued at per share to the
Company s former Chief Executive Officer pursuant to his separation agreement for stock-based compensation of million. 

On
April 5, 2022, the Company sold shares of common stock to its new Chief Executive Officer for proceeds of million based
on the market price of the stock at that date. 

During
2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of million. The
shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, within the range of 
to per share. In addition, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the exercise of stock options at per
share. 

On
February 10, 2021 and April 19, 2021, the Company issued million shares and shares, respectively, of its common stock (the
 Shares to certain affiliates of Intersect pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated September 12, 2019 by and between
the Company and Intersect in respect of the Azu ia Tequila acquisition at a weighted-average of per share and per
share, respectively. The Shares constitute the Fixed Shares due to Intersect pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company entered into Inducement Letters with the holders of the Existing Warrants to exercise their Existing Warrants
and purchase shares of common stock for gross proceeds of million. 

During
2021, the Company sold shares of common stock for net proceeds of million in at-the-market public placements. 

Issuance
of Series B Preferred Stock 

On
October 19, 2021, Company entered into a securities purchase agreement Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor Subscriber for its purchase of million shares Preferred Shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock Series B Preferred Stock at a purchase price of per Preferred Share, which Preferred Shares are convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in a Certificate of Designation Establishing
Series B Preferred Stock of the Company with an initial conversion price of per share. shares of common stock were reserved
for issuance in the event of conversion of the Preferred Shares. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock accrues dividends at a rate of 
per annum, payable annually on the last day of December of each year. Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not
declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends are payable at the Company s option either in cash or in kind in
shares of common stock; provided, however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has
net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least
 
million. For in-kind dividends, holders will receive that number of shares of common stock equal to (i) the amount of
the dividend payment due such stockholder divided by (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for the 90 trading
days immediately preceding a dividend date VWAP ). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued dividends
of 
shares of common stock at a VWAP of 
per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued as dividends 
shares of common stock at a VWAP of 
per share. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

On
September 8, 2016, the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ). Pursuant to the terms of the plan,
on January 1, 2022 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan reset to shares, equal to of the number
of outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock, calculated on an as-converted basis, on March 31 of the preceding calendar
year, and then added to the prior year plan amount. As of December 31, 2022, there were options and restricted stock
units RSUs outstanding under the 2016 Plan, with vesting schedules varying between immediate or three years from
the grant date. 

The
Company also issues, from time to time, options that are not registered under a formal option plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were
no options outstanding that were not issued under the Plans. 

On
December 7, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock at per share upon the exercise of stock options for proceeds
of . 

Options canceled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was . 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 
unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of per share .
The unvested options will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement, which varies between
immediate and three years from the grant date. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options as of December 31, 2022 was .
During the year ended December 31, 2022, 
options vested. 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value of stock
options issued to employees is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees
are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards
vest. 

To
determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model, the calculation takes into consideration the effect
of the following: 

Exercise
 price of the option 

Fair
 value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant 

Expected
 term of the option 

Expected
 volatility over the expected term of the option 

Risk-free
 interest rate for the expected term of the option 

The
calculation includes several assumptions that require management s judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using
the simplified method described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the
vesting period. Estimated volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares of similar
entities whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the
U.S. Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options. 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

The
Company did not issue any additional options during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net compensation expense related to stock options was and million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, the total compensation expense related to stock options not yet recognized was approximately million, which
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

Warrants 

On
March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with TQLA LLC to accept a one year loan of million with a conditional
additional loan of million and a conditional term extension of six months. On August 4, 2022, the Company and TQLA amended and restated
the note payable to increase the line of credit by an additional k, to million. The loan bears interest at and carries
a commitment fee of . In addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant to TQLA covering the loan amount with a common
stock value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn down million of the note payable and issued million
warrants. The estimated fair value of the warrants of million was recorded as debt issuance cost and was being amortized to interest
expense over the maturity period of the promissory note, with million recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. The note
payable was fully repaid in October 2022. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 
 Fair value of common stock 

From
April 19, 2021 through May 12, 2021, the Company issued in a private placement Existing Warrants to purchase up to shares of
common stock at an exercise price of per Warrant Share. The estimated fair value of the warrants of million was recorded as
debt issuance cost and is being amortized to interest expense over the maturity period of the secured credit facility, with million
recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company entered into Inducement Letters with the holders of the Existing Warrants whereby such holders agreed to exercise
for cash their Existing Warrants to purchase the Warrant Shares in exchange for the Company s agreement to issue new warrants
(the New Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the New Warrant Shares ). The New Warrants
have substantially the same terms as the Existing Warrants, except that the New Warrants have an exercise price of per share and
are exercisable until August 19, 2026. The Company received gross proceeds of million on the exercise of the outstanding warrants,
and recognized a deemed dividend of million based on the Black Scholes valuation as a result of the higher strike price on the July
2021 issued warrants, which is included in additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets. 

- 

Granted 

- 
 
 Forfeited and cancelled 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 

Eastside
Distilling, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 

million or
one percent of the average of total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, which was million, and in which
any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity, compensation, termination and other arrangements. 

On
October 24, 2019, the Company s Board appointed Stephanie Kilkenny to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective
immediately. Stephanie Kilkenny was the former managing director of Azu ia Tequila, and together with her spouse, Patrick Kilkenny,
owns and controls TQLA, the majority owner of Intersect. Effective June 15, 2020, the Company s Board appointed Robert Grammen
to the Board to fill an existing vacancy, Mr. Grammen is also a member of Intersect. 

On February 10, 2021 and April 19, 2021, the Company issued million shares and 
shares, respectively, of its common stock (the Shares to certain affiliates of Intersect pursuant to an Asset Purchase
Agreement dated September 12, 2019 by and between the Company and Intersect in respect of the Azu ia Tequila acquisition at a
weighted-average of per share and per share, respectively. The Shares constituted the Fixed Shares due to Intersect
pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, all shares held by TQLA had been sold. 

On
April 19, 2021, the Company issued to the owners of Intersect million in principal amount of promissory notes as the Earnout Consideration.
The loans mature in full on and accrue interest at a rate of annually. TQLA received a total of shares of
common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of million. Robert Grammen received a total of shares of the Company s
common stock and a promissory note in the principal amount of million. The notes have a -month term with maturity in April 2024.
In October 2021, TQLA sold its promissory note in the principal amount of million. 

On
February 5, 2021, the Company paid other liabilities of million due to Intersect and TQLA. 

During
2022, the Company entered into a Secured Line of Credit Promissory Note with TQLA and amended it twice. On October 7, 2022, the Company
entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with Aegis Security Insurance Company, and repaid the TQLA Note with a portion of the proceeds.
Details regarding the two transactions are set forth in Note 13. TQLA LLC is owned by Stephanie Kilkenny and her husband, Patrick Kilkenny.
Patrick Kilkenny is also the principal owner of Aegis Security Insurance Company. 

Short-term
Advance 

During
December 2022, LD Investments advanced the Company 
 million. The principal owner of LD Investments
is Patrick Kilkenny. 

shares of common stock under its 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. of the shares were issued
to the members of the Board of Directors as quarterly compensation and shares were issued to employees as part of a retention
bonus. 

F- 24 

Item
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. These disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022 using the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO ). With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer), our management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
While our initial assessment, completed on December 31, 2022 deemed internal controls effective, based upon a further evaluation of market
conditions during our annual audit, which was conducted subsequent to December 31, 2022, we modified management s initial estimates
and projections used in our asset impairment in a manner that caused audit adjustments. Accordingly, management concluded there was a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the COSO framework criteria since
management lacked a formal policy of inputs in testing for impairment resulting in adjusting journal entries. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform
an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us
to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No
changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

28 

PART
III 

Item
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by
this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within
120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our
Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our
Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

29 

PART
IV 

Item
15. EXHIBITS 

(a)(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

The
 following documents are included in Item 8 of this report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (a)(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

These
 schedules are omitted because they are not required or because the information is set forth in the financial statements or the notes
 thereto. 
 
 (a)(3) 
 Exhibits 

See
 Index to Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as presently in effect, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 14, 2011 (File No. 333-177918) and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Merger, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 19, 2014 and filed on November 25, 2019 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6, 2016 and filed on October 11, 2016 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 14, 2017 and filed on June 15, 2017 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 13, 2021 and filed on August 31, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2019 and filed on August 9, 2019 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant dated October 26, 2021 issued to the Purchaser of Series B Preferred Stock, filed as an Exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Eastside Distilling, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 28, 2019 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12, 2019 and filed on September 16, 2019 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19, 2021 and filed on April 23, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 30, 2021 and filed on August 5, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of October 6, 2022 among Aegis Security Insurance Company, Eastside Distilling, Inc. and Craft Canning + Bottling LLC., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 7, 2022 and filed on October 13, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Secured Promissory Note dated as of October 6, 2022 issued by Eastside Distilling, Inc. to Aegis Security Insurance Company, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 7, 2022 and filed on October 13, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Exclusive Purchase Agreement dated August 16, 2019 between Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan, SA. de CV. and Intersect Beverages, LLC., filed as Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 30, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Assignment, Assumption and Consent Agreement dated September 2019 between the Company, Intersect Beverages, LLC and Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan, SA. de CV., filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form10-K, filed on March 30, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated June 5, 2020 between Geoffrey Gwin and the Company, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2020. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this amended report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EASTSIDE
 DISTILLING, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Gwin 

Geoffrey
 Gwin 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Gwin 

Geoffrey
 Gwin 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this amended report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Geoffrey Gwin 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Geoffrey
 Gwin 

/s/
 Elizabeth Levy-Navarro 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Elizabeth
 Levy-Navarro 

/s/
 Robert Grammen 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Grammen 

/s/
 Stephanie Kilkenny 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Stephanie
 Kilkenny 

/s/
 Eric Finnsson 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Eric
 Finnsson 

/s/
 Joseph Giansante 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Giansante 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
Geoffrey Gwin certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastside Distilling, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Geoffrey Gwin 

Geoffrey
 Gwin 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

I,
Geoffrey Gwin, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information
contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Eastside Distilling, Inc. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Geoffrey Gwin 

Name:
 
 Geoffrey
 Gwin 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 23
 east-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 25
 east-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 26
 east-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 27
 east-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

