<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1828989_0001213900-23-024649.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3356965</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>316134</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>663641</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>745698</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>793048</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>742807</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024649.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024649
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Panacea Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828989
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				853457029
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40311
		FILM NUMBER:		23780860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		357 TEHAMA STREET, FLOOR 3
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 966-0807

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		357 TEHAMA STREET, FLOOR 3
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024649.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_panaceaacq2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ).
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 
No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, computed as of
June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately . 

As of March 29, 2023, there were there were 
Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, and Class F ordinary shares,
 0.0001 par value, of the Registrant issued and outstanding. 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 38 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 38 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 38 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 38 
 
 Part II. 
 
 39 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 39 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 40 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 40 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 
 43 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 43 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 44 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 44 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 
 44 
 
 Part III. 
 
 45 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 45 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 53 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 54 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 55 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 57 
 
 Part IV. 
 
 58 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 58 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 59 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements
that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the our financial position, business strategy
and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our
 being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial Business Combination (as defined below); 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial Business Combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination; 

the
 proceeds of the forward purchase shares being available to us; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses and the biotechnology sector; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from
 the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global
 hostilities, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the
 ability of our directors and officers to generate a number of potential Business Combination
 opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from
 interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the
 Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance; and 

the
 other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with th e Securities and
 Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Part I. 

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
(this Annual Report to we, us, our or the Company are to Panacea
Acquisition Corp. II, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to EcoR1 Panacea
Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our initial shareholders refer to our Sponsor and
each of our independent directors. 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

Our Chief Executive Officer Oleg Nodelman has
been the portfolio manager of EcoR1 Capital, LLC EcoR1 ), a biotech-focused investment advisory firm that invests in companies
at all stages of research and development, since he founded it in 2013. Our independent directors have extensive experience in drug discovery,
preclinical research, clinical medicine, development and regulatory, operational and management leadership within the healthcare and financial
industry, spanning a cumulative 100 years of experience in the biotech or pharma industry. We believe the experience of our team, strengthened
by their industry network and our experienced board of directors, will enhance our management team s ability to source viable prospective
target businesses, capitalize them and ensure public-market readiness. Following the completion of our initial Business Combination, we
believe our independent directors will fortify our ongoing operations by providing sound and experienced counsel on potential future acquisitions,
divestitures, corporate strategy and human resources. 

We are a blank check company incorporated in January
2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). While we may pursue an initial Business
Combination opportunity in any industry or geographical location, we intend to capitalize on our management team s background and
experience to identify innovative companies in the biotechnology sector that are domiciled in North America or Europe. Our Sponsor is
EcoR1 Panacea Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of EcoR1 and Oleg Nodelman. 

The registration statement for our Initial Public
Offering (the Initial Public Offering became effective on April 6, 2021. On April 9, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 17,250,000 Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter
of its over-allotment option in the amount of 2,250,000 Public Shares, at 10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 172,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 545,000 shares (the Private Placement Shares at a price of 10.00 per Private
Placement Share in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,450,000. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on April 9, 2021, an amount of 172,500,000 10.00 per Public Share) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Shares in the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), and will
be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity
of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of
Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by us, until the
earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the our shareholders,
as described below. 

1 

Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange
listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
to at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned
on the Trust Account). We will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination
using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares and the forward purchase shares,
our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well
as activities related to the Initial Public Offering. We have not selected any specific Business Combination target and we have not, nor
has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target. Based on
our business activities, we are a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. 

We will provide the holders of the Public Shares
(the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of
the Business Combination, either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means
of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion
of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be 10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations). 

We will have until April 9, 2023 (or July 9, 2023,
if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle, or definitive agreement for a Business Combination by April 9, 2023) to
consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). However, if we have not completed a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if
any (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the our remaining Public Shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

2 

Effecting a Business Combination 

Our Business Strategy 

Our acquisition strategy is to identify and acquire
an untapped opportunity within the biotechnology sector and build a public company. We believe our management team is well positioned
to identify unique opportunities in our targeted sector based on their strong networks and experience and our core investment philosophy
of identifying companies that are downside protected with outsized potential upside. Our selection process will leverage the relationships
of our management team with industry captains, key opinion leaders, respected peers, and our management team s network of investment
banking executives, attorneys, and accountants. We also believe that EcoR1 s reputation, experience and track record of making investments
in the biotechnology space will make us a preferred partner for these potential targets. 

Business Combination
Criteria 

Consistent with our strategy, we have identified
the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. We may however, decide to enter into our initial Business Combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses that we believe have the
following characteristics: 

Risk/reward
 profile that is skewed to the upside. As is core to our basic investment approach, we intend
 to identify businesses that have an asymmetric risk/reward profile, significant competitive
 advantages and underexploited expansion opportunities that can benefit from access to additional
 capital and provide the potential for exceptional returns for our shareholders. 

Strong
 management team in place. We intend to identify businesses with strong and experienced public-ready
 management teams, either in the form of entrepreneurs with whom we have worked in the past
 or seasoned industry veterans who have the experience and track record of value creation
 for their stockholders. 

Innovative
 and quality science. While science is not the first place we begin our diligence, an important
 element in our process is to evaluate the rigor of the underlying science and understand
 a business s unique value and ability to address an unmet need in the marketplace. 

Multiple
 avenues for growth opportunities. We intend to identify businesses that have multiple shots
 on goal. Outside of the lead asset that may hold the underwritten downside protection, we
 are looking for businesses that have other areas for potential growth in their pipeline that
 are not necessarily reflected in the value assigned to them at acquisition, but provide multiple
 ways to win. 

Potential
 to provide significant benefits to patients. We intend to identify businesses that are developing
 therapies that have the potential to significantly enhance the treatment paradigm or represent
 first-in-class therapeutics for patients and physicians. 

Unrecognized
 value or other characteristics that we believe have been misunderstood by the market. We
 seek to find value where others do not typically look. We will seek target businesses that
 are attractively valued due to being overlooked, misunderstood, or undercapitalized. Our
 diligence process to identify these opportunities may include, among other things,
 a review and analysis of the business s capital structure, potential for future earnings,
 preclinical or clinical data, potential for operational improvements, corporate governance,
 customers, existing or potential partnerships with larger pharma companies, and the industry
 and trends. We intend to leverage the operational experience and disciplined investment approach
 of our team to identify opportunities to unlock value that our experience in complex situations
 allows us to pursue. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
criteria as well as other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. 

3 

Additional Disclosures 

Our Acquisition
Process 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that will be made
available to us. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
Business Combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating
to Our Management Team - Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities
engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. In the event we seek to complete
our initial Business Combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors and if our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

Members of our management team may directly or
indirectly own our securities following the Initial Public Offering, and accordingly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. Further, each
of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors are from time to time
made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue, for a Business Combination, but we have
not (nor has anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise,
with respect to a Business Combination transaction with us. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to
which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present
such Business Combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he
or she determines to present the opportunity to us. For more information, see the section entitled Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest. 

We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary,
contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business
Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce
any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be
a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Initial Business
Combination 

The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust
Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial Business Combination. We refer to this as the
80 of net assets test. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business
or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated
industries in conjunction with our initial Business Combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. Additionally, pursuant
to Nasdaq rules, any initial Business Combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

4 

We anticipate structuring our initial Business
Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our Public Shareholders own or acquire shares will own or acquire 100 of the
issued and outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial Business
Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business
in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such
Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial Business
Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in our initial Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target business,
or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In such cases,
we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our shareholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares
subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired by us is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial Business Combination involves more
than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

Competition 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. 

Many of these individuals and entities are well-established
and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing
services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry
knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally,
the number of blank check companies looking for Business Combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these
blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing Business Combinations. While
we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that
are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. Our Sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments
in us, although, other than the forward purchase agreement, our Sponsor and its affiliates has no obligation or other duty to do so. This
inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, our obligation
to pay cash in connection with our Public Shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for
our initial Business Combination and our issued and outstanding alignment shares and the forward shares, and the dilution they potentially
represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating and completing an initial Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required
time period, our Public Shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account. 

Human Capital 

We currently have five officers and do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Members of our management team are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs
until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period to our
Company will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the current stage of the
Business Combination process. 

5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any
of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material,
may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Relating to Our Search
for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

Our Public Shareholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination
even though a majority of our Public Shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve
our initial Business Combination unless the Business Combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow
us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking
to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares to a target business as consideration in any Business Combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such Business Combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange
rules, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell
their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as
the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly,
we may consummate our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding Public Shares do not approve
of the Business Combination we consummate. 

If we seek shareholder
approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business
Combination, regardless of how our Public Shareholders vote. 

Our initial shareholders, officers and directors
have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any Founder Shares (as defined below), alignment shares, Private Placement
Shares and Public Shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders 
Founder Shares, alignment shares and Private Placement Shares, we would need 5,468,251, or 31.7 (assuming all issued and outstanding
shares are voted), or none (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 17,250,000 Public Shares
sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of a transaction, in order to have such initial Business Combination approved.
We expect that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 26.8 of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, it
is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial shareholders and their permitted
transferees agreed to vote their Founder Shares, alignment shares and Private Placement Shares in accordance with the majority of the
votes cast by our Public Shareholders. 

Your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your
shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such Business Combination. 

Since our board of directors may complete a Business
Combination without seeking shareholder approval, Public Shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination.
Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business
Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set
forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our Public Shareholders in which we describe our initial Business Combination. 

6 

The ability of our
Public Shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets,
which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a Business Combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many Public Shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. In no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted
redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing
condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for
an alternate Business Combination (including, potentially, with the same target). Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and,
thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our
Public Shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable
Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need
to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial
Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price or requires us
to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements
or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing.
Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares
that are redeemed in connection with an initial Business Combination. The per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly
exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, the amount held
in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit
our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our
Public Shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our
initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial Business Combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial Business Combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in
need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a
discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the
open market. 

The requirement
that we complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over
us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination
targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination
on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 27 months, as applicable). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage
over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that particular
target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we
get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into
our initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. In July 2021 the SEC charged
a SPAC for misleading disclosures, which could have been corrected with more adequate due diligence, and obtained substantial relief against
the SPAC and its sponsor. Although we will invest in due diligence efforts and commit management time and resources to such efforts, there
can be no assurance that our due diligence will unveil all potential issues with a target business and that we or our Sponsor will not
become subject to regulatory actions related to such efforts. 

7 

We may not be able
to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our Public Shareholders may receive only
 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances. Public Shareholders may also be forced to wait beyond the prescribed
time frame before redemption from our Trust Account. 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we must complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 27 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement
for an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering but have not completed the initial
Business Combination within such 24-month period). We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial Business
Combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market
conditions, volatility in the equity and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks,
natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues
both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it
could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased
market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic
and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 

If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within such time period or during any Extension Period (as defined below), we will: (1) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Due to certain provisions of the Companies Act, investors may be forced to wait beyond the prescribed time frame before the redemption
proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our
Trust Account. In such case, our Public Shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the redemption
of their shares. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced
and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Our search for a
Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected,
and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the
business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be, or may already have been, materially
and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 or other events
restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services
providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search
for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of and perceptions to COVID-19 and its variants and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat
its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities,
or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for a prolonged period of time, our ability to consummate a Business
Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely
affected. 

8 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased
market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic or other events
(such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may also have
the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market
for our securities and crossborder transactions. 

If we seek shareholder
approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter
into certain transactions, including purchasing shares from the public, which may influence the outcome of our proposed Business Combination
and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase Public Shares in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination, although they are
under no obligation or other duty to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such Public Shareholder, although
still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.
In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase Public Shares in privately
negotiated transactions from Public Shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling Public Shareholders
would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different
than the amount per share a Public Shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial Business
Combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including
with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may enter into
transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire Public Shares, vote their Public Shares in favor of
our initial Business Combination or not redeem their Public Shares. However, such persons have no current commitments, plans or intentions
to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. The purpose of any such transaction
could be to (1) vote such shares in favor of the initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder
approval of the initial Business Combination or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. Any such transactions may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise
have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our Class A ordinary shares may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our Class A ordinary shares on a national securities
exchange. 

If a shareholder
fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply
with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or
proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware
of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be
complied with in order to validly tender or redeem Public Shares. For example, we may require our Public Shareholders seeking to exercise
their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates
to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer or proxy materials documents mailed to such holders, or up to two
business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial Business Combination in the event we distribute proxy
materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these
procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

9 

You are not entitled
to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

We are exempt from certain rules promulgated by
the SEC related to certain blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections
of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business Combination than
do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering was subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release
of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in
connection with our completion of our initial Business Combination. 

If we seek shareholder
approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group 
of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares
in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association does not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence
over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell
Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares
if we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in
order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited
resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial
Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our Public Shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for Business Combination targets has
increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant
experience with completing Business Combinations. While we believe there will be numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire
with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. Our Sponsor or
any of its affiliates may make additional investments in us, although, other than the forward purchase agreement, our Sponsor and its
affiliates have no obligation or other duty to do so. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of certain target businesses. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our Public Shareholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination and our issued and outstanding alignment shares and
the forward shares, and the dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. Any of these factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial Business Combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held
in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share 
and other risk factors herein. 

10 

Due to the number
of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial
Business Combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial Business Combination and may result in our
inability to find a suitable target for our initial Business Combination and/or complete our initial Business Combination.. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose
acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into Business Combinations with special
purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial Business
Combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer
attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an initial Business
Combination and/or complete our initial Business Combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive
deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in
the cost of additional capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. This could increase
the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial Business
Combination. 

If the funds not
being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the Initial
Public Offering (or 27 months, as applicable), we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. 

The funds available to us outside of the Trust
Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or
27 months, as applicable), assuming that our initial Business Combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant
costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through potential loans from certain
of our affiliates are discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from
unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern at such time. 

Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion
of the funds to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down
payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses
from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses)
with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we enter into a
letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required
to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for,
or conduct due diligence with respect to, a prospective target business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination
within the required time period, our Public Shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust
Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other
risk factors herein. 

Changes in the market
for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial
Business Combination. 

Recently, the market for directors and officers
liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance
companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased
and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

11 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial
Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public
company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any
failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, after completion of any initial Business
Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred
prior to such initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-Business Combination
entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off
insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate
an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may
not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our Public
Shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition
proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field
of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to
execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to
be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a
service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares, if we have not completed our initial Business Combination
within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will
be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by Public Shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share
initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. 

Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below: (1) 10.00
per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes,
except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company.
Our Sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such obligations,
and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

12 

Our independent
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the Trust Account available for distribution to our Public Shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account
are reduced below the lesser of: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as
of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no
indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by
the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable
outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the
Trust Account available for distribution to our Public Shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

The securities in
which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets
held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by Public Shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be
invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S.
Treasuries. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded
negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the
Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the
United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination or make certain amendments to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, our Public Shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
redemption amount received by Public Shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Negative interest rates could also reduce the amount
of funds we have available to complete our initial Business Combination. 

If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up
or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members
of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our
board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our Public Shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or
insolvency laws as a voidable transaction. As a result, a liquidator or bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received
by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having
acted in bad faith by paying Public Shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing
itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up
or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the
claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our Public Shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may
be included in our liquidation or bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
To the extent any liquidation or bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by
our Public Shareholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. 

13 

If we are deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities; 

each
of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules
 and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business
other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding
or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities
and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a Business Combination and thereafter to operate
the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit
from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in
United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in
other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted
at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or
private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act. The Initial Public Offering was not intended for persons who were seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment
securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary
business objective, which is a Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not
complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 27 months, as applicable)
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (iii)
absent a Business Combination, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our Public Shareholders as part of our redemption
of the Public Shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act.
If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional
expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial Business Combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our Trust Account. In certain circumstances, our Public Shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their
shares. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the
per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

14 

Changes in laws
or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely
affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. 

We are and will be subject to laws and regulations
enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements,
our Business Combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-Business Combination
company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be
difficult, time consuming and costly. A failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results
of operations. In addition, those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may change from time to time, including
as a result of changes in economic, political, social and government policies, and those changes could have a material adverse effect
on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules
that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business combination transactions involving special purpose
acquisition companies and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions
involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections
are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants
in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which special purpose acquisition companies could become subject
to regulation under the Investment Company Act. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may impact the
involvement of target companies and other market participants, including investment banks, may materially adversely affect our business,
including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

If we have not completed
our initial Business Combination within the allotted time period, our Public Shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such allotted time
period before redemption from our Trust Account. 

If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 27 months, as applicable) or during any extended time
that we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months (or 27 months, as applicable) as a result of a shareholder vote to
amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (an Extension Period ), we will distribute the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), pro rata to our Public Shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for
the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of Public Shareholders from the Trust Account shall
be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding
up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our Public Shareholders,
as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act ). In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted
time period before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata
portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption
or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares.
Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will Public Shareholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial
Business Combination within the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association prior thereto. 

15 

Our shareholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date
on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result,
a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our Company
to claims, by paying Public Shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted
any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine of up to approximately 18,300 and to imprisonment for up to five
years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold
an annual general meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial Business Combination and you will not be entitled to any
of the corporate protections provided by such a meeting. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors.
Until we hold an annual general meeting, Public Shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management.
In addition, prior to our Business Combination (a) as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our Public Shareholders will not have the
right to vote on the appointment of our directors and (b) holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares
and Class F ordinary shares, voting together as a single class, may remove a member of our board of directors for any reason. 

The grant of registration
rights to our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees and the forward purchase investors may make it more difficult to complete
our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares. 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into in connection with the Initial Public Offering, at or after the time of our initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their Founder Shares and alignment shares after those shares
convert to our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, (1) our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale
of the Private Placement Shares, (2) holders of Class A ordinary shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may
demand that we register the resale of such shares and (3) the forward purchase investors can demand we register the resale of the forward
purchase shares. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our
initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase
the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price
of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the securities described above are registered for resale. 

16 

Because we are neither
limited to evaluating target businesses in a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor have we selected any specific target businesses
with which to pursue our initial Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

We may seek to complete a Business Combination
with an operating company in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a Business
Combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results
of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we
may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business
and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our Class A ordinary shares will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment,
if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain a shareholder
following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to
have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We may seek acquisition
opportunities in acquisition targets that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

Although we expect to focus our search for a target
business in the biotechnology sector, we will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if
such Business Combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity
for our Company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and our management s expertise would not be relevant to
an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain a shareholder following
our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

Although we have
identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into
our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with
which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial Business
Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with a target that does not
meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does
meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does
not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it
difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to
obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial
Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial
Business Combination, our Public Shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
liquidation of our Trust Account. 

17 

We may seek acquisition
opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings,
which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete our initial Business
Combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in
a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required
to obtain an opinion regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying
for the business is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial Business Combination
with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we are not required to obtain an opinion that the price we
are paying is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment
of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such
standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial
Business Combination. 

Any due diligence
in connection with an initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant considerations or liabilities of a target business, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

The due diligence undertaken with respect to a
potential initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary to evaluate such transaction or to formulate
a business strategy. Furthermore, the information provided during due diligence may not be adequate or accurate. As part of the due diligence
process, we will also make subjective judgments regarding the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of a potential
initial Business Combination, and these judgments may be inaccurate. 

Due diligence conducted in connection with an
initial Business Combination may not result in the initial Business Combination being successful. If the due diligence investigation fails
to identify material information regarding an opportunity, or if we consider such material risks to be commercially acceptable relative
to the opportunity, and we proceed with an initial Business Combination, our Company may subsequently incur substantial impairment charges
or other losses. In addition, following an initial Business Combination, we may be subject to significant, previously undisclosed liabilities
of the acquired business that were not identified during due diligence and which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

18 

We may issue additional
Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares and
Class F ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions described herein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class F ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 20,000,000 undesignated preferred
shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 482,205,000, 47,700,000 and 46,550,000 authorized but unissued
Class A ordinary shares, Class B ordinary shares and Class F ordinary shares available, respectively, for issuance, which amount does
not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares and Class F ordinary shares or issuance
of any forward purchase shares. Our Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our
initial Business Combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. The Class F ordinary shares
will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one hundred-to-one basis on the business day following the fifth anniversary
of our initial Business Combination; provided that the Class F ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares
on a one-to-one basis on or prior to the fifth anniversary of our initial Business Combination, subject to adjustment as set forth herein,
upon the earlier of (1) our meeting certain share price performance thresholds following the completion of our initial Business Combination
and (2) subsequent to the completion of our initial Business Combination, the date on which we complete a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in both a change of control and all of our Public
Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. As of December 31, 2022,
there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares, and may issue preferred shares, in order to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial Business Combination, upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares or Class F ordinary shares, as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions described herein. 

However, our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional securities
that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association on any initial Business Combination or any amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares, including pursuant to the forward purchase agreement: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of public investors, which dilution would increase
 if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares or Class F ordinary shares
 resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon
 conversion of such shares; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with
 rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares is issued, which
 may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares. 

19 

Our initial Business
Combination or reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We may, subject to requisite shareholder approval
by special resolution under the Companies Act, effect a Business Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may
result in tax liability for a shareholder in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident (or in which its members are
resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation
pursuant to our initial Business Combination, such tax liability may attach prior to any consummation of redemptions. We do not intend
to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. 

Failure to maintain
our status as tax resident solely in the Cayman Islands could adversely affect our financial and operating results. Our intention is that
prior to our initial Business Combination we should be resident solely in the Cayman Islands. 

Continued attention must be paid to ensure that
major decisions by the Company are not made from another jurisdiction, since this could cause us to lose our status as tax resident solely
in the Cayman Islands. The composition of the board of directors, the place of residence of the individual members of the board of directors
and the location(s) in which the board of directors makes decisions will all be important factors in determining and maintaining our tax
residence in the Cayman Islands. If we were to be considered as tax resident within another jurisdiction, we may be subject to additional
tax in that jurisdiction, which could negatively affect our financial and operating results, and/or our shareholders investment
returns could be subject to additional or increased taxes (including withholding taxes). 

Resources could
be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and
acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business Combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to
complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held
in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share 
and other risk factors herein. 

We may engage in
a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor,
officers or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, officers
and directors with other businesses, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with or competitive with our Sponsor,
officers and directors, and their respective affiliates. Our directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities,
including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts
of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing
on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated
entity met our criteria for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or
more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, if our board of directors is not able to
independently determine the fair market value of the business, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms
of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our Public Shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

20 

Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an affiliated
joint acquisition opportunity with our Sponsor or its affiliates or with other entities to which an officer or director has a fiduciary,
contractual or other obligation or duty. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial Business
Combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a future issuance of securities to any such parties,
which may give rise to certain conflicts of interest. 

We may engage one
or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering,
which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial Business Combination or as placement agent in connection with
a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only
on a completion of an initial Business Combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest
in rendering any such additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing
and consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters
or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering, including, for example,
identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt
financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that
time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on
the completion of an initial Business Combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied
to the consummation of a Business Combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional
services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

Since our initial
shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed (other than with respect to
any Public Shares they may hold), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is
appropriate for our initial Business Combination. 

Our initial shareholders hold 2,300,000 Founder
Shares and 3,450,000 alignment shares, as of the date of this Annual Report, including 2,200,000 Founder Shares and 3,450,000 alignment
shares held by our Sponsor. The Founder Shares and alignment shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination.
In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 545,000 Private Placement Shares for a purchase price of 5,450,000, or 10.00 per
share, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial Business Combination. 

As a result, the personal and financial interests
of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination, completing an
initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination. This risk may become
more acute as the deadline for completing our initial Business Combination nears. 

21 

We may issue notes
or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage
and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete
our initial Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver
of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect
the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative
effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital
 expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able
to complete one Business Combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares and
forward purchase shares, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or
services. This lack of diversification may materially negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial Business Combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
Business Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous financial, economic, competitive
and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different
areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or servi ces. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous financial, economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. 

22 

We may attempt to
simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial
Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to
complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business
Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek
to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of
limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We do not have a
specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial
Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. As a result, we may be
able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our Public Shareholders do not agree with the
transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated
agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the
aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Public Shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount
required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination (including, potentially, with the same target). 

In order to effectuate
an initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified
governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination that some of our shareholders
may not support. 

In order to effectuate an initial Business Combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example,
blank check companies have amended the definition of Business Combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate
an initial Business Combination. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special
resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman
Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) holders of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a
company s articles of association) of a company s ordinary shares at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention
to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association,
by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that special resolutions must be approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and
vote at a general meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all
of our shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or governing instruments in order to effectuate our initial Business Combination. To the extent any such amendment would be deemed to
fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through the registration statement of which the prospectus related to
the Initial Public Offering formed a part, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

23 

Certain provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity may be amended
with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting,
and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore,
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial
Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision
in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-Business
Combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the Company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment
of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the Company s Public Shares. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions related to pre-Business Combination activity (including
the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares into the Trust Account
and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances and to provide redemption rights to Public Shareholders as described herein)
may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general
meeting (including, in the case of amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination,
the approval of holders of at least a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares and Class F ordinary shares), and
corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders
of at least 65 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, who will beneficially own 26.8 of our ordinary
shares, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and
will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association which will govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check
companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial Business Combination with which you do not agree. In certain circumstances,
our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We may be unable
to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. 

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Shares and forward purchase shares available to us prove to be insufficient, either because of the
size of our initial Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to
redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination
or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to
seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available
on acceptable terms, if at all. Neither our Sponsor nor its affiliates are obligated to provide, or seek, any such financing or, except
as expressly set forth herein, to provide any other services to us. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when
needed to complete our initial Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular
Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete
our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to
secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. Other
than in connection with the forward purchase agreement, none of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing
to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our
Public Shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account. 

24 

Our initial shareholders
will control the appointment of our board of directors until consummation of our initial Business Combination and will hold a substantial
interest in us. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination and may exert a substantial
influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own 26.8 of our issued
and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our Class B ordinary shares and Class
F ordinary shares, voting together as a single class, will have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of our
board of directors for any reason. Holders of our Public Shares will have no right to appoint directors during such time. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by holders of at least two-thirds of the issued
and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, including holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding
Class B ordinary shares and Class F ordinary shares. As a result, you will not have any influence over the appointment of directors prior
to our initial Business Combination. 

In addition, as a result of their substantial
ownership in our Company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval
of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional ordinary shares in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will exert significant
influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least until the completion of our initial Business Combination. The forward purchase
shares will not be issued until completion of our initial Business Combination and, accordingly, will not be included in any shareholder
vote until such time. 

Because we must
furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial
Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending
on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of
potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose
such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time
frame. 

Compliance obligations
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial Business Combination, require substantial financial
and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on
us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination may
not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. 

The development of the internal control of any
such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

25 

Global or regional
conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial
Business Combination. 

Adverse changes in global or regional economic
conditions periodically occur, including recession or slowing growth, changes, or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary or trade policy, higher
interest rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses, increases in unemployment and lower consumer confidence
and spending. Adverse changes in economic conditions can harm global business and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target
business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination. Such adverse changes could result from geopolitical and security issues,
such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, political instability, human rights concerns and terrorist activity, catastrophic
events such as natural disasters and public health issues (including the COVID-19 pandemic), supply chain interruptions, new or revised
export, import or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions and tariffs or other global or regional occurrences. 

In particular, in response to Russia s recent
invasion of Ukraine, the United States, the European Union, and several other countries are imposing far-reaching sanctions and export
control restrictions on Russian entities and individuals. This rising conflict and the resulting market volatility could adversely affect
global economic, political and market conditions. Additionally, tensions between the United States and China have led to increased tariffs
and trade restrictions. The United States has imposed economic sanctions on certain Chinese individuals and entities and restrictions
on the export of U.S.-regulated products and technology to certain Chinese technology companies. These and other global and regional conditions
may adversely impact our business and our ability to find an attractive target businesses with which to consummate our initial Business
Combination. 

Our search for a
Business Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia,
Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target
markets. 

United States and global markets are experiencing
volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022.
In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern
Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive
actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the
Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have
also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing
geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken
in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns
that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in
Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices,
credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other
negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine
and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a Business Combination and any target business with which we may ultimately
consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related market
disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period
of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect
of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the SEC on March 31, 2022. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability
to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination,
may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, the recent invasion of Ukraine by
Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased cyber-attacks
against U.S. companies. 

26 

If our management
team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may face
additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial Business
Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If our management team pursues a company with
operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated
with cross-border Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial Business Combination,
conducting due diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial Business Combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
setting (including how relevant governments respond to such factors), including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with
 commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

changes
 in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

tax
 consequences, such as tax law changes, including termination or reduction of tax and other
 incentives that the applicable government provides to domestic companies, and variations
 in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements; 

rates
 of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations; 

liquidity
 of domestic capital and lending markets; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

energy
 shortages; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, wars and other
 forms of social instability; 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States; 

obligatory
 military service by personnel; and 

governmen t
 appropriation of assets. 

27 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations
might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business
Combination Company 

Subsequent to our
completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or
other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present
with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be
subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing.
Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain a shareholder following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in
the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

After our initial
Business Combination, our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social
and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future
such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our initial Business Combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

28 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our Public Shareholders own or acquire shares
will own less than 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such
Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of
the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post Business Combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which
we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other
equity securities of a target business, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our
initial Business Combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of
a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently
combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the Company s shares than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial Business
Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose
to remain a shareholder following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a
Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. As a result, we may need to reconstitute the management team of the post-transaction company
in connection with our initial Business Combination, which may adversely impact our ability to complete an acquisition in a timely manner
or at all. 

After
our initial Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal
securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some
cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors
or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors
and officers under United States laws. 

29 

If
our management following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial Business Combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the post-Business Combination
company, and the management of the target business at the time of the Business Combination could remain in place. Management of the target
business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend
time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

Risks
Relating to Our Management Team 

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of
our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In addition, our officers and directors
are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
For a discussion of certain of our officers and directors other business endeavors, please see Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of,
any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental
effect on us. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, we do not currently expect that any of
them will do so. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure
you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In
addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The
departure of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be
ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain
associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of
an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination,
and a particular Business Combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
cause our key personnel to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular Business Combination. However,
we do not expect that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our Company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals
to remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether
or not we will proceed with any potential Business Combination, as we do not expect that any of our key personnel will remain with us
after the completion of our initial Business Combination. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us
will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. 

30 

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
Business Combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other responsibilities. We do not
intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Business Combination. Each of our officers and directors is engaged
in several other business endeavors, for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers and directors are
not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and/or
board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial
amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs
which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Please see Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance for a discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs. 

Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity or other transaction should be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Our Sponsor and officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment
vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. Our Sponsor and officers and directors are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing
or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial Business Combinations,
prior to us completing our initial Business Combination, and any such involvement may result in conflicts of interests as described above.
Moreover, entities in which our officers and directors are affiliated with may enter into agreements or other arrangements with businesses,
which agreements or arrangements may limit or restrict our ability to enter into a Business Combination with such business. We do not
have employment contracts or other agreements with our officers and directors that will limit their ability to work at other businesses. 

As
described in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest, each of our officers
and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations, interests,
or duties to one or more other entities, including potentially any other special purpose acquisition companies in which they may become
involved, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entities.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more
entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties
to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity
and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business
may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except
and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities
or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in,
any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the
other. 

31 

Please
see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions - Support
Service Agreement for a discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and potential conflicts of
interest. 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, directors
or officers. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In particular,
affiliates of our Sponsor have invested in a diverse set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies
that would be a suitable Business Combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. Additionally,
the forward purchase investors are affiliates of our Sponsor. 

Certain
agreements related to the Initial Public Offering may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain
agreements, including the letter agreement among us and our Sponsor, officers and directors, the registration rights agreement among
us and our initial shareholders, and the forward purchase agreement, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain
various provisions, including transfer restrictions on our Founder Shares, alignment shares and Private Placement Shares, that our Public
Shareholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements
prior to our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject
to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial
Business Combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial
Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares, potentially at a loss. 

Our
Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of
our initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Public Shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem,
subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete
our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 27 months, as applicable) or (B)
with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (3) the
redemption of all of our Public Shares if we have not completed our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering (or 27 months, as applicable), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances
will a Public Shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to the Trust Account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment,
you may be forced to sell your Public Shares, potentially at a loss. 

32 

Nasdaq
may delist our Class A ordinary shares from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions
in our Class A ordinary shares and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We
cannot assure you that our Class A ordinary shares will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. In order to continue listing our securities
on Nasdaq prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Additionally,
in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the applicable exchange s
initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing
of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If
our Class A ordinary shares are delisted from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our Class A ordinary shares on another
national securities exchange, we expect our Class A ordinary shares could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur,
we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our Class A ordinary shares; 

reduced
 liquidity for our Class A ordinary shares; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are penny stock which will require
 brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly
 result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Our Class A ordinary shares currently qualify
as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal
statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity,
then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used
these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state
securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the
sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our shares would not qualify
as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including
in connection with our initial Business Combination, which may negatively impact our ability to consummate our initial Business Combination. 

Our
initial shareholders, including our Sponsor own, in the aggregate, 26.8 of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which includes
the Class F ordinary shares which are subject to share performance vesting conditions. 

Most
blank check companies issue Founder Shares representing 20 of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the consummation of such
blank check company s Initial Public Offering. We have issued 2,300,000 Class B ordinary shares, which will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth
herein. We have also issued 3,450,000 Class F ordinary shares, which will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one
hundred-to-one basis on the business day following the fifth anniversary of our initial Business Combination; provided that the Class
F ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-to-one basis on or prior to the fifth anniversary
of our initial Business Combination upon the earlier of (1) our meeting certain share price performance thresholds following the completion
of our initial Business Combination and (2) subsequent to the completion of our initial Business Combination, the date on which we complete
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in both a change
of control and all of our Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property, in each case subject to adjustment as set forth herein. The Class B ordinary shares plus the Class F ordinary shares represent
25 of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding (not including the Private Placement Shares). If all of our Class F ordinary shares
vest, the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of all of our Class F ordinary shares would dilute the interest of our
shareholders relative to shareholders of other blank check companies. 

33 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against
our directors or officers. 

Our
corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common
law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands
as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the
Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different
from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands
has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed
and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders
derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize
or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state; and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed
by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes
upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the
grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy
of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court
may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As
a result of all of the above, Public Shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as Public Shareholders of a United States
company. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include staggered board of directors, the ability of our board
of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial
Business Combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares and holders of our Class F ordinary shares, in each case, which are
held by our initial shareholders, are entitled to appoint directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may
discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

34 

Since
only holders of our Founder Shares and alignment shares will have the right to appoint directors prior to our initial Business Combination,
Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s rules and, as a result, we may qualify
for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to shareholders of other companies. 

Only
holders of our Founder Shares and alignment shares will have the right to appoint directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be
a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance
standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another
company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the
requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined
 under Nasdaq rules; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors
 with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
 have independent director oversight of our director nominations. 

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable
phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are a company with no operating history and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to
achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our initial Business
Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past
performance by members of our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
in us. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, members of our management team and their respective affiliates, including EcoR1,
is presented for informational purposes only. Not all of the companies in which our team has invested have achieved the same level of
value creation. Any past experience and performance, including related to acquisitions, of members of our management team and their respective
affiliates, including EcoR1, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our
initial Business Combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial Business Combination we may consummate. You should not
rely on the historical record of our management team s or their affiliates performance, including that of EcoR1, as indicative
of the future performance of an investment in the Company or the returns it will, or is likely to, generate going forward. An investment
in the Company is not an investment in EcoR1 or any of its funds. 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares,
the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements.
Our PFIC status for our taxable year ended December 31, 2021, our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, our current taxable year, and
our subsequent taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to a Business Combination and whether we qualify
for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject
to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances
with respect to our status as a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2021, our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, our current
taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after
the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information
as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the
U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely
provide such required information. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC
rules to holders of our ordinary shares. 

35 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including
if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal
year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues
equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced
disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

36 

We
previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness has been addressed,
however, if we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately
report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect
our business and operating results. We may face litigation as a result. 

Management
previously identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness related to the Company s
accounting for complex financial instruments. The material weakness was remediated during the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected
and corrected on a timely basis. 

If
we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent
or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic
reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our
securities price may decline and we may face litigation as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or
any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

We
may face litigation and other risks as a result of the previously identified material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. 

As
a result of such material weakness described above and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential
for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual
claims or other claims arising from the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our
financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However,
we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful
or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete
a Business Combination. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business for our initial Business Combination, our management will rely on the availability of all of
the funds from the sale of the forward purchase shares to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business
Combination. If the sale of some or all of the forward purchase shares fails to close, for any reason, we may lack sufficient funds to
consummate our initial Business Combination. 

We
have entered into a forward purchase agreement pursuant to which the forward purchase investors will agree to purchase forward purchase
shares for 25,000,000 in the aggregate, in a private placement to close substantially concurrently with our initial Business Combination.
The funds from the sale of forward purchase shares may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial Business Combination,
expenses in connection with our initial Business Combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. The obligations
under the forward purchase agreement will not depend on whether any Public Shareholders elect to redeem their shares and will provide
us with a minimum funding level for the initial Business Combination. 

If
the sale of some or all of the forward purchase shares does not close for any reason, including by reason of the failure by the forward
purchase investors to fund the purchase price for their forward purchase shares, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial
Business Combination. Additionally, the forward purchase investors obligations to purchase the forward purchase shares will be
subject to termination prior to the closing of the sale of the forward purchase shares by mutual written consent of the Company and the
forward purchase investors. The forward purchase investors obligations to purchase its forward purchase shares will be subject
to fulfillment of customary closing conditions. In the event of any such failure to fund by the forward purchase investors, any obligation
is so terminated or any such closing condition is not satisfied and not waived by the forward purchase investors, we may lack sufficient
funds to consummate our initial Business Combination. 

37 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have 70,034 in cash and a working capital deficit of 225,771. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue
to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital are discussed
under Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot
assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful. These factors, among
others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this
Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the FASB ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity
condition and mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to
liquidate after April 9, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable
to continue as a going concern. 

The
failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

We
deposit substantial funds in financial institutions and may, from time to time, maintain cash balances at such financial institutions
in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. In recent weeks, there has been significant volatility and instability
among banks and financial institutions. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, was closed by the California Department
of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver, and for
a period of time, customers of the bank did not have access to their funds and there was uncertainty as to when, if at all, customers
would have access to funds in excess of the FDIC insured amounts. Should one or more of the financial institutions at which our deposits
are maintained fail, there is no guarantee as to the extent that we would recover the funds deposited, whether through Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation coverage or otherwise, or the timing of any recovery. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 357 Tehama Street, Floor 3, San Francisco, CA 94103. The cost for this space is included
in the 10,000 per month fee that we will pay an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against
us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

38 

Part II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market
 Information 

Our
Class A ordinary shares began trading on Nasdaq under the symbol PANA on April 7, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

As of March 29, 2023, there were approximately
two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares. 

(c) Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of
any cash dividends subsequent to our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time.
In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable
future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance
 Graph 

The
performance graph has been omitted as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

(f) Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered
Sales 

On
January 14, 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 2,300,000 Class B ordinary
shares (the Founder Shares and 3,450,000 Class F ordinary shares (the alignment shares ). On January 15,
2021, our Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors at their original purchase price.
Up to 300,000 Founder Shares and 450,000 alignment shares were subject to forfeiture by our Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part so that the Founder Shares and alignment shares would represent 10 and 15 , respectively,
of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming our Sponsor did not purchase
any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Placement Shares). As a result of the underwriter s
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Founder Shares and alignment shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 545,000 Private Placement Shares at a price of
 10.00 per Private Placement Share, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,450,000, in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds
from the Private Placement Shares were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Shares will
be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Shares. 

These
issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 

39 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
April 9, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 17,250,000 Class A Ordinary shares at 10.00 per share, generating
gross proceeds of 172,500,000. Cowen served as the sole book-running manager. The securities sold in the Initial Public Offering were
registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-254056). The SEC declared the registration statements
effective on April 6, 2021. 

In
connection with the Initial Public Offering, we incurred offering costs of approximately 10,017,468 (including deferred underwriting
commissions of approximately 6,037,500). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial
Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable
upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 172,500,000 million
of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the Private Placement
Shares (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Shares are held in the Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described
in the Company s final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
from the Initial Public Offering, see Item 1. Business. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
to the Company, our, us or we refer to Panacea Acquisition Corp. II. The following
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth
under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 14, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend
to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Shares, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
a Business Combination will be successful. 

40 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from January 14, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying
a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business
Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We will
incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as
for due diligence expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 1,427,868, which consisted of interest earned on investments held in Trust Account
of 2,402,793, offset by operating and formation costs of 974,925. 

For
the period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss 736,297, which consisted of operating and formation
costs of 745,878 offset by interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 9,581. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
April 9, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 17,250,000 Class A ordinary shares, which includes the full exercise by
the underwriter of its over-allotment option in the amount of 2,250,000 Public Shares, at 10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds
of 172,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 545,000 Private Placement
Shares at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share in a private placement to Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,450,000. 

Following
the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, a total of 172,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We
incurred 10,017,468 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including 3,450,000 of underwriting fees, net of reimbursement, 6,037,500
of deferred underwriting fees and 529,968 of other costs. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 283,080. Net income of 1,427,868 was affected by interest earned
on investments held in the Trust Account of 2,402,793. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 691,845 of cash for operating
activities. 

For
the period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,227,372. Net loss of
 736,297 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 9,581, and payment of formation costs through promissory
note by sponsor of 5,000. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 486,494 of cash for operating activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 174,912,374 (including approximately 2,412,374 of interest
income and unrealized gains) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the
Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts
representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that
our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other
acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash held outside the Trust Account of 70,034. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain
of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business
Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the
working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for
such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Class A ordinary shares at a price of 10.00 per share, at the
option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the Class A ordinary shares. 

41 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , the Company has until April 9, 2023, to consummate
a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management
has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made
to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after April 9, 2023. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest
entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into
any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities,
or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, administrative and support services. We began incurring
these fees on April 6, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination
and our liquidation. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per share, or 6,037,500 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable
to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to
the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

We
entered into a forward purchase agreement pursuant to which the funds affiliated with EcoR1 Capital, LLC (the forward purchase
investors have agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 2,500,000 shares (the forward purchase shares ), for a purchase
price of 10.00 per share, or an aggregate of 25,000,000, in a private placement to close concurrently with the closing of a Business
Combination. The obligations under the forward purchase agreements will not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed
by the Public Shareholders. The forward purchase shares will be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Public
Shares being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that they will be subject to certain registration rights. 

The
proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase shares may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in a Business Combination,
expenses in connection with a Business Combination or for working capital. This purchase will be required to be made regardless of whether
any Public Shares are redeemed by the Public Shareholders and are intended to provide the Company with a minimum funding level for a
Business Combination. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting policies. 

42 

Class A
Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity . Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument
and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that
are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares
feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
deficit section of our balance sheets. 

The
Company has elected to recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary
shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable
Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

Net
income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
for the period. The Company has three classes of ordinary shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares, Class B ordinary
shares, and Class F ordinary shares. Income (losses) are shared pro rata between the three classes of ordinary shares. Accretion associated
with the redeemable shares of Class A ordinary share is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

43 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (who serve as our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

2. provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

3. provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act)
during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting include performing additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and implementing additional procedures related to financial reporting
for complex financial instruments in subsequent periods, including increased consultation with third party subject matter experts as
appropriate. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 

Not
Applicable. 

44 

Part III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our
current directors and executive officer are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Oleg Nodelman 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Scott Perlen 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Scott Platshon 
 
 31 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Caroline Stout 
 
 32 
 
 Chief Investment Officer 
 
 Sarah Marriott 
 
 45 
 
 Secretary and Director 
 
 Douglas Giordano 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Nina Kjellson 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Praveen Tipirneni, M.D. 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

Oleg
Nodelman has been our Chief Executive Officer since January 2021 and is our Chairman. Mr. Nodelman has been the Portfolio Manager of
EcoR1, a biotech-focused investment advisory firm that invests in companies at all stages of research and development, since he founded
it in 2013. With over 20 years of experience in biotech investing, Mr. Nodelman has expertise in all aspects of investment management
and deep roots in the biotech and scientific communities. Before founding EcoR1, Mr. Nodelman was an analyst and portfolio manager from
2001 to 2012 at Biotechnology Value Fund. He currently serves as a Board Member for Prothena (Nasdaq: PRTA), a clinical-stage neuroscience
company focused on the discovery and development of novel therapies, AnaptysBio (NASDAQ: ANAB), a clinical-stage biotechnology company
focused on emerging immune control mechanisms applicable to inflammation and immuno-oncology indications, and Nuvation Bio (NYSE: NUVB),
a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company tackling unmet needs in oncology. He was the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Panacea
Acquisition Corp. Mr. Nodelman has a Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service with a concentration in Science and Technology from Georgetown
University. Mr. Nodelman is well qualified to serve as the Chairperson of our board of directors because of his experience serving on
the boards of directors of public and private companies in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector, as well as his role as Founder and
Portfolio Manager of EcoR1. 

Scott
Perlen has been our Chief Financial Officer since January 2021. Mr. Perlen was the Chief Financial Officer of Panacea Acquisition Corp.
and has been the Chief Financial Officer of EcoR1 since joining the firm in 2019. He oversees accounting and finance for EcoR1 and its
investment funds as well as the funds day to day trade operations. Prior to joining EcoR1 in 2019, Mr. Perlen served as Chief
Financial Officer for seven years at Sheffield Asset Management, LLC, a Chicago-based investment firm. Prior to Sheffield, Mr. Perlen
was a Vice President at Grosvenor Capital Management, LP, a global leader in the alternative asset industry. During his seven years at
Grosvenor, Mr. Perlen managed a group dedicated to providing outsourced CFO functionality to a number of investment firm managers and
also assisted in performing operational due diligence reviews on underlying investment firms. Prior to joining Grosvenor in 2005, Mr.
Perlen was an Assistant Vice President at Bank of America, focusing on operational risk and accounting for the bank s derivatives
business. From 1997 to 2002, Mr. Perlen managed the operations and fund accounting at Sunrise Capital Partners, LLC, a San Diego-based
investment firm. Mr. Perlen received his Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1997. 

Scott
Platshon has been our Chief Operating Officer since January 2021. Mr. Platshon also served as Chief Operating Officer of Panacea Acquisition
Corp. and joined EcoR1 in 2015 where he currently serves as a Partner and is responsible for due diligence and analysis of biotechnology
companies for value-oriented investment opportunities. Mr. Platshon previously worked at Aquilo Partners, a boutique life sciences investment
bank. Mr. Platshon holds a Bachelor of Science in Bioengineering from Stanford University. 

45 

Caroline
Stout has been our Chief Investment Officer since January 2021. Ms. Stout also served as Chief Investment Officer of Panacea Acquisition
Corp. and joined EcoR1 in 2014 where she currently serves as a Partner. At EcoR1, she has led several of the firm s investments
in the biotechnology sector. Ms. Stout previously worked as an Investment Banking Analyst at Credit Suisse in New York. She has experience
working on a range of transactions in the healthcare and biotechnology sectors, including leveraged buyouts, Initial Public Offerings
and follow-on equity raises. Ms. Stout graduated magna cum laude from Georgetown University with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, a Pre-Medical
concentration, and Cognitive Science minor. 

Sarah
Marriott has served as our Secretary and on our board of directors since January 2021. Ms. Marriott also served as Secretary and on the
board of directors of Panacea Acquisition Corp. Ms. Marriott joined EcoR1 in 2014 and is the firm s Chief Operating Officer and
Chief Compliance Officer, where she is responsible for operational, regulatory and compliance issues. Ms. Marriott has experience working
across the diverse areas of civil and criminal litigation. Prior to EcoR1, she served as a Deputy District Attorney in Solano County,
California. Prior to serving as a prosecutor, Ms. Marriott practiced at Orrick, Herrington Sutcliffe LLP in San Francisco, where
she handled commercial litigation matters. Ms. Marriott previously completed a clerkship on the federal Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Ms. Marriott holds a law degree from the University of California, Berkeley, and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Amherst College.
Ms. Marriott is well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of her deep knowledge and experience in operational, regulatory
and compliance matters. 

Douglas
Giordano serves on our board of directors. Mr. Giordano is currently a Managing Director at Perceptive Advisors. Prior to joining Perceptive,
Mr. Giordano served as the Senior Vice President/Global Leader, Pfizer Worldwide Business Development Group, from 2007 through 1st Quarter
2021. Mr. Giordano was responsible for leading Pfizer s evaluation, negotiation and execution of product licensing, partnerships
and M A transactions. Under Mr. Giordano s leadership Pfizer deployed over 125B of capital to business development across
a wide range of transaction types from venture investing, biotech licensing through large scale M A. Mr. Giordano also led Pfizer s
IPO/split-off of Zoetis, Pfizer s consumer JV with GSK, Pfizer s carve out and stand up of companies like Cerevel, Spring
Works and Allogene; and the recently closed spin/merger of Viatris. Before leading Pfizer s Worldwide Business Development group,
Mr. Giordano held positions of increasing responsibility within Pfizer s U.S. Pharmaceuticals Group including roles in finance,
manufacturing and commercial strategy. Prior to joining Pfizer, Mr. Giordano was a consultant at Booz, Allen Hamilton. Mr. Giordano
earned a bachelor s degree in Biomedical Engineering from Duke University and an M.B.A. from Cornell University s Johnson
School of Business. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Giordano served on the board of directors of ICU Medical, Inc. He currently serves on the
Board of Cerevel Therapeutics and is a member of the Duke University School of Medicine Board of Visitors. Mr. Giordano is well qualified
to serve on our board of directors because of his deep knowledge of the biotechnology industry as well as his experience serving on the
boards of directors of companies in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector. 

Nina
Kjellson serves on our board of directors. Ms. Kjellson joined Canaan Partners Canaan in 2015 and is a General Partner,
investing in health care companies that aim to transform care for patients. She focuses on therapeutics for serious and underserved conditions
such as cancer, autoimmune, orphan and rare diseases and life-threatening infections. As a leader of Canaan s Women of Venture
program, Ms. Kjellson is a vocal advocate for women entrepreneurs and investors. She is a member of the advisory board for the Oliver
Wyman Health Innovation Center and is a 2018 Aspen Institute Health Innovators Fellow. She serves on the boards of PACT Pharma, Tizona
Therapeutics, Trishula Therapeutics, Tyra Biosciences, Rondo Therapeutics and Sardona Therapeutics. Prior to Canaan, Ms. Kjellson was
a General Partner at InterWest Partners InterWest where she had invested in healthcare start-ups since 2002. Before InterWest,
she was an investment manager at Bay City Capital, a life sciences merchant bank, and a research associate at Oracle Partners, a healthcare-focused
hedge fund. Ms. Kjellson began her career conducting health policy and survey research with the Kaiser Family Foundation. Her previous
investments include Alt12 (acquired by Honest Company), Aspreva (ASPV; acquired by Galenica), CNS Therapeutics (acquired by Covidien),
Cidara (CDTX), Eiger Biopharmaceuticals (EIGR), Labrys Biologics (acquired by Teva), NovaCardia (acquired by Merck), Ocera (OCRX; acquired
by Mallinckrodt), Trius Therapeutics (TSRX; acquired by Cubist), Paratek (PRTK) and Tesaro (TSRO). Ms. Kjellson was born in Scandinavia
and grew up in the Northeast. Ms. Kjellson received a B.A. in human biology from Stanford University (1997). She chairs the board of
Essential Access Health and serves on the boards of Girl Effect and Life Science Cares. She has co-developed an immersive curriculum
for diversity and inclusion in healthcare with Impact Experience, called Impact Experience: HealthEquity. Ms. Kjellson is well qualified
to serve on our board of directors because of her deep knowledge of the biotechnology industry as well as her experience serving on the
boards of directors of companies in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector. 

46 

Praveen
Tipirneni, M.D. serves on our board of directors. Praveen Tipirneni, M.D. is President and CEO of Morphic Therapeutic Inc. Morphic
Therapeutic ). Before joining Morphic Therapeutic in 2015, he was Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and Global Strategy
at Cubist Pharmaceuticals Cubist ), a position in which he served from 2002 until the Company s acquisition by Merck
in 2015. In his time at Cubist, he was a member of the clinical group working on the Cubicin NDA (skin and skin structure infections)
and sNDA (Staph. Bacteremia and Endocarditis) teams. At Cubist, he was head of business development since January 2006. Prior to joining
Cubist, Dr. Tipirneni worked at Sun Microsystems in corporate strategy, Covad Communications in Corporate Strategy, and Deltagen in business
development. He also served time as a 1st Lieutenant in the U.S. Army. Dr. Tipirneni received a bachelor s degree from MIT in mechanical
engineering and an M.D. from McGill University. After completing his post-graduate residency in Internal Medicine at University of Illinois,
Chicago, he received his MBA from the University of Pennsylvania s Wharton School of Business in healthcare finance. Dr. Tipirneni
is well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his deep knowledge of the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector. 

Douglas
E. Williams, Ph.D. serves on our board of directors. Dr. Williams is currently the resident, CEO and member of the Board of Directors
of Codiak BioSciences. Before joining Codiak BioSciences in 2015, Dr. Williams was previously Biogen s Executive Vice President,
Research and Development, serving in this role from January 2011 to July 2015. He joined Biogen from ZymoGenetics, where he was most
recently CEO and member of the board of directors. ZymoGenetics was purchased for 985 million by Bristol Myers Squibb during Dr. Williams s
tenure. Previously, he held leadership positions within the biotechnology industry, including Chief Scientific Officer and Executive
Vice President of Research and Development at Seattle Genetics, and Senior Vice President and Washington Site Leader at Amgen. Dr. Williams
served in a series of scientific and senior leadership positions over a decade at Immunex, including Executive Vice President and Chief
Technology Officer and as a member of the board of directors. From 2014 to 2019, Dr. Williams served on the board of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. From 2012 to 2017, Dr. Williams served on the board of Regulus Therapeutics Inc. During his more than 30-year career in the biotechnology
industry, he has played a role in the development of several novel drugs including Enbrel, Tecfidera, and Spinraza. He has served on
the board of numerous biotechnology companies and is currently Chairman of the board of AC Immune. Dr. Williams is well qualified to
serve on our board of directors because of his deep knowledge of the pharmaceutical/biotechnology sector. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
with the Company which in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, could interfere with the director s exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have independent directors as defined in Nasdaq s
listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that each of Douglas Giordano, Nina Kjellson, Praveen
Tipirneni and Douglas E. Williams is an independent director as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Number,
Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of six members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being
elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving
a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Nina Kjellson and Douglas E. Williams, will expire
at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Douglas Giordano and
Praveen Tipirneni, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting
of Oleg Nodelman and Sarah Marriott, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders. 

47 

Prior
to consummation of our initial Business Combination, holders of our Class B ordinary shares and holders of our Class F ordinary shares,
voting together as a single class, will have the right to appoint all of our directors and remove members of our board of directors for
any reason. Holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to appoint directors during such time. These particular provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds
of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which shall include the affirmative vote of a
simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares and Class F ordinary shares. Approval of our initial Business Combination will require
the affirmative vote of a majority of our board directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors. Subject to any
other special rights applicable to the shareholders, prior to our initial Business Combination, any vacancies on our board of directors
may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors or by
holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares and Class F ordinary shares, voting together as a single
class. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers
may consist of a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including
without limitation, a President, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, and a Treasurer) as our board of directors from time to time
may determine. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance
committee, each of which is composed solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our
board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. The members of our audit committee are Douglas Giordano, Praveen Tipirneni
and Douglas E. Williams. Douglas Giordano serves as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial
literacy requirements of Nasdaq and our board of directors has determined that Douglas Giordano qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting
 board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with
 legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s
 qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and
 independent registered public accounting firm; 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent
 registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting
 firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting
 firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
 policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the
 auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

48 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public
 accounting firm; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
 firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control
 procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
 review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental
 or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent
 audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting
 to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing
 our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
 as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that
 raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
 changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Nina Kjellson, Praveen
Tipirneni and Douglas E. Williams. Nina Kjellson serves as chair of the compensation committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and
 any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all
 of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of
any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser,
the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

49 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Nina Kjellson, Praveen Tipirneni and Douglas E. Williams. Praveen Tipirneni
serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We
have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating
and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying,
 screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria
 approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates
 for nomination for election at the annual stockholder meeting or to fill vacancies on the
 board of directors; 

developing
 and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate
 governance guidelines; 

coordinating
 and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual
 directors and management in the governance of the Company; and 

reviewing
 on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and
 when necessary. 

The
charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice
of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search
firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our Public Shares will not have the right
to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees.
You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy
of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations
or duties to one or more other entities, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination
opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which
is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor
these obligations and duties to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such
entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our
favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

We
do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially
affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will
provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any
duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity
to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand,
and us, on the other. 

50 

Our
Sponsor, officers and directors may become involved with subsequent special purpose acquisition companies similar to our Company. Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and,
 accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business
 activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware
 of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us
 as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
 of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We
 will enter into a forward purchase agreement with the forward purchase investors, who are
 affiliates of our Sponsor. 

Our
 initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights
 with respect to any Founder Shares, alignment shares, Private Placement Shares and Public
 Shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination.
 Additionally, our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their
 redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, alignment shares and Private Placement
 Shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination within 24 months
 after the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or 27 months, as applicable) or during
 any Extension Period. However, if our initial shareholders or any of our officers, directors
 or affiliates acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering they will be
 entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public
 Shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time
 frame. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within such applicable time
 period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Shares held in the Trust Account
 will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, and the Private Placement Shares
 will be worthless. 

With
 certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable
 by our initial shareholders until the earlier of: (1) one year after the completion of our
 initial Business Combination; and (2) subsequent to our initial Business Combination, (x)
 the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or
 other similar transaction that results in all of our Public Shareholders having the right
 to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (y) if the last
 reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as
 adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
 day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination. 

With
 certain limited exceptions, the alignment shares will not be transferable, assignable or
 salable until the earlier to occur of: (1) their conversion into Class A ordinary shares;
 and (2) subsequent to the completion of our initial Business Combination, the date on which
 we complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
 other similar transaction that results in both a change of control and all of our Public
 Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
 or other property. 

With
 certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Shares will not be transferable, assignable
 or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of
 our officers or directors is not required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and,
 accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business
 activities. 

Since
 our Sponsor, officers and directors may directly or indirectly own our securities following
 the Initial Public Offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in
 determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to
 effectuate our initial Business Combination. 

Our
 key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in
 connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them
 to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause
 them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular Business
 Combination. 

Our
 key personnel may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business
 Combination if the retention or resignation of any such key personnel was included by a target
 business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination 

51 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors have similar legal obligations and duties relating to presenting
business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our
officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may present a conflict of interest: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Oleg Nodelman 
 
 EcoR1 Capital, LLC (1) 
 
 Investment Firm 
 
 Portfolio Manager 

Prothena 
 
 Neuroscience Company 
 
 Board Member 

AnaptysBio 
 
 Immunology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Nuvation Bio 
 
 Oncology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Scott Perlen 
 
 EcoR1 Capital, LLC (1) 
 
 Investment Firm 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Scott Platshon 
 
 EcoR1 Capital, LLC (1) 
 
 Investment Firm 
 
 Principal 

Caroline Stout 
 
 EcoR1 Capital, LLC (1) 
 
 Investment Firm 
 
 Principal 

Sarah Marriott 
 
 EcoR1 Capital, LLC (1) 
 
 Investment Firm Special Purpose 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 

Douglas Giordano 
 
 Perceptive Advisors 
 
 Investment Firm 
 
 Managing Director 

Cerevel Therapeutics 
 
 BiopharmaceuticalCompany 
 
 Board Member 

Duke University School of Medicine Board of Visitors 
 
 Medical School 
 
 Member 

Nina Kjellson 
 
 Canaan Partners 
 
 Venture Capital Firm 
 
 General Partner 

PACT Pharma 
 
 Biotechnology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Tizona Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Trishula Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Tyra Biosciences 
 
 Biotechnology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Sardona Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Rondo Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Essential Access Health 
 
 Nonprofit Organization 
 
 Chairperson of the Board 

Girl Effect 
 
 NonprofitOrganization 
 
 Board Member 

Life Science Cares 
 
 Life Sciences Collective 
 
 Board Member 

Praveen Tipirneni, M.D. 
 
 Morphic Therapeutics, Inc 
 
 Biotechnology Company 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Tectonic Therapeutic, Inc. 
 
 Biotechnology Company 
 
 Board Member 

Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. 
 
 Codiak BioSciences 
 
 Biopharmaceutical Company 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Board Member 

(1) Includes
 EcoR1 Capital, LLC and its affiliates. 

Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to
which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present
such Business Combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he
or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business
may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

52 

We
do not believe, however, that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially
affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will
provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any
duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity
to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand,
and us, on the other. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination -
We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our Sponsor, officers or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In the event we seek to complete our
initial Business Combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors and if our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

In
addition, our Sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the Company in connection with the initial Business
Combination, although, other than the forward purchase agreement, our Sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention
to do so. If our Sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our
Sponsor s motivation to complete an initial Business Combination. 

In
the event that we submit our initial Business Combination to our Public Shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders, officers and
directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares, alignment shares, Private Placement Shares and Public Shares held by them in favor
of our initial Business Combination, and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote Public Shares purchased by them (if any)
during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of our initial Business Combination. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our officers or directors have received any compensation for services rendered to us. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and their respective
affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates. In January
2021, our Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of our independent directors, each of whom purchased the Founder Shares at
their original purchase price. 

After
the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then
known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business
Combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to
be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial Business Combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors. 

We
are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence
or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business
Combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. 

53 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information available
to us at March 29, 2023 with respect to our ordinary shares held by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of
 ordinary shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of ordinary shares beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement shares as these are not exercisable within
60 days of March 29, 2023. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares (4) 
 Class A Ordinary Shares (4) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 Issued and 
 Outstanding 
 Ordinary Shares (3) 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 Issued and 
 Outstanding 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 Issued and 
 Outstanding 
 Ordinary Shares 
 
 EcoR1 Panacea Holdings II, LLC (our Sponsor) (5) 
 545,000 
 3.1 
 2,200,000 
 95.7 
 3,450,000 
 100 
 
 RIT Capital Partners plc (6) 
 900,000 
 5.1 

Adage Capital Partners, L.P. (7) 
 950,000 
 5.3 

683 Capital Partners, LP (8) 
 1,480,000 
 8.3 

Citadel Advisors LLC (9) 
 1,487,141 
 8.4 

Citadel Securities LLC (9) 
 14,110 

Maverick Capital, Ltd. (10) 
 1,385,250 
 7.8 

Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. (11) 
 1,228,159 
 6.9 

Oleg Nodelman (5) 
 545,000 
 3.1 
 2,200,000 
 95.7 
 3,450,000 
 100 
 
 Scott Perlen 

Scott Platshon 

Caroline Stout 

Sarah Marriott 

Douglas Giordano 

25,000 
 1.1 

Nina Kjellson 

25,000 
 1.1 

Praveen Tipirneni, M.D. 

25,000 
 1.1 

Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. 

25,000 
 1.1 

All directors and officers as a group (9 individuals) 
 545,000 
 3.1 
 2,300,000 
 100 
 3,450,000 
 100 

Less
 than one percent. 

(1) Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is
 c/o Panacea Acquisition Corp. II, 357 Tehama Street, Floor 3, San Francisco, CA 94103. 

(2) Interests
 shown exclude forward purchase shares that will only be issued, if at all, at the time of
 our initial Business Combination. 

(3) Includes
 17,250,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

(4) Class
 B ordinary shares and Class F ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
 shares as described in the section entitled Description of Securities in our
 prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-254056). 

54 

(5) EcoR1
 Panacea Holdings II, LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of the Class B ordinary shares
 and Class F ordinary shares reported herein. The managing members of our Sponsor are certain
 funds of EcoR1 that are limited partnerships, the general partners of which are controlled
 by Mr. Nodelman. As such, Mr. Nodelman may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the
 ordinary shares held directly by our Sponsor. Each of our independent directors is, directly
 or indirectly, a non-managing member of our Sponsor. 

(6) According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on April 19, 2021, the business address of RIT Capital
 Partners plc, an English public limited company, is 27 St. James s Place, London SW1A
 1NR, England. 

(7) According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on April 19, 2021, Adage Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware
 limited partnership ACP is the record holder of the shares reported herein.
 Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ACPGP ),
 is the general partner of ACP. Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
 company ACA ), is the managing member of ACPGP. Robert Atchinson and Phillip
 Gross are the managing members of ACA. The business address of each of ACP, ACPGP, ACA, Robert
 Atchinson and Phillip Gross is 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. 

(8) According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, 683 Capital Partners, LP, a
 Delaware limited partnership, is the record holder of the shares reported herein. 683 Capital
 Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is the investment manager of 683 Capital
 Partners, LP. Ari Zweiman is the Managing Member of 683 Capital Management, LLC. The business
 address of each of 683 Capital Partners, LP, 683 Capital Management, LLC and Ari Zweiman
 is 3 Columbus Circle, Suite 2205, New York, NY 10019. 

(9) According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Citadel Advisors LLC, a Delaware
 limited liability company Citadel Advisors ), is the portfolio manager for
 Citadel Multi-Strategy Equities Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company CM that is the record holder of its shares reported herein. Citadel Advisors Holdings LP, a
 Delaware limited partnership CAH ), is the sole member of Citadel Advisors.
 Citadel GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CGP ), is the general
 partner of CAH. Citadel Securities LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Citadel
 Securities ), is the record holder of its shares reported herein. Citadel Securities
 Group LP, a Delaware limited partnership CALC4 ), is the non-member manager
 of Citadel Securities. Citadel Securities GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CSGP ),
 is the general partner of CALC4. Mr. Kenneth Griffin is the President and Chief Executive
 Officer of CGP, and owns a controlling interest in CGP and CSGP. The business address of
 each of Citadel Advisors, CM, CAH, CGP, Citadel Securities, CALC4, CSGP and Mr. Griffin is
 Southeast Financial Center, 200 S. Biscayne Blvd., Suite 3300, Miami, Florida 33131. 

(10) According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Maverick Capital, Ltd., a Texas
 limited partnership, is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Maverick Capital
 Management, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, is the General Partner of Maverick Capital,
 Ltd. Lee S. Ainslie III is the manager of Maverick Capital Management, LLC. The business
 address of (i) Maverick Capital, Ltd. and Maverick Capital Management, LLC is 1900 N. Pearl
 Street, 20th Floor, Dallas, Texas 75201, and (ii) Mr. Ainslie is 360 South Rosemary Avenue,
 Suite 1440, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401. 

(11) According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, Aristeia Capital, L.L.C., a Delaware
 limited liability company, is the investment manager to certain funds that hold the shares
 reported herein. The business address of Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. is One Greenwich Plaza,
 3 rd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

Our
initial shareholders beneficially own approximately 26.8 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to elect all
of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination as a result of holding all of the Founder Shares. Holders of our Public Shares
will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. In addition, because
of their ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval
by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant
corporate transactions. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder
Shares 

On
January 14, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 2,300,000 Class B ordinary
shares (the Founder Shares and 3,450,000 Class F ordinary shares (the alignment shares ). On January 15,
2021, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors at their original purchase price.
Up to 300,000 Founder Shares and 450,000 alignment shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part so that the Founder Shares and alignment shares would represent 10 and 15 , respectively,
of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase
any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Placement Shares). As a result of the underwriter s
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Founder Shares and alignment shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

55 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier
to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last
reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital share exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the alignment shares until the earlier
of: (A) their conversion into Class A ordinary shares; and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the date on which the
Company completes a merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in both a change of control and
all of the Company s Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. 

Private
Placement Shares 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 545,000 Class A ordinary shares (the Private
Placement Shares at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,450,000, in a private
placement. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Shares were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Shares will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law)
and the Private Placement Shares. 

If
the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during
any Extension Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Shares will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares,
subject to the requirements of applicable law, and the Private Placement Shares will expire worthless. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, alignment shares, Private Placement Shares, forward purchase shares and Class A ordinary shares that may
be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
entered into in connection with the Initial Public Offering requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case
of the Founder Shares and alignment shares, only after conversion to Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities will be
entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting
from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

56 

Related
Party Notes 

On
January 14, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the
earlier of December 31, 2021 and the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding
amounts due under the Promissory Note. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of 100,108 was repaid at the closing of the
Initial Public Offering on April 9, 2021. The promissory note is no longer available to the Company. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

The
Company entered into an agreement, commencing on April 6, 2021 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business
Combination and its liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and
support services. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
the Company incurred 120,000 and 90,000, in fees for these services, of which such amounts are included in accrued expenses in the
accompanying condensed balance sheets as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees
paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for
our independent registered public accounting firm were 82,345 and 80,340 for the services Withum performed in connection with our Initial
Public Offering, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and the audit of our December
31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related
Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent
registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of
financial statements. 

Tax
Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for
our independent registered public accounting firm were 3,900 and 0 for the services Withum performed in connection with tax compliance,
tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set
forth above. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

57 

Part IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial
 Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID number 100) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2) Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

(b) Exhibits:
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference
 as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 (1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
 
 4.2 (2) 
 
 Description of the Company s securities. 
 
 10.1 (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors. 
 
 10.2 (1) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 
 
 10.3 (1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders party thereto. 
 
 10.4 (1) 
 
 Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.5 (1) 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and EcoR1 Capital, LLC. 
 
 10.6 (1) 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor, EcoR1 Capital Fund, L.P. and EcoR1 Capital Fund Qualified, L.P. 
 
 10.7 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Oleg Nodelman. 
 
 10.8 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Scott Perlen. 
 
 10.9 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Sarah Marriott. 
 
 10.10 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Caroline Stout. 
 
 10.11 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Scott Platshon. 
 
 10.12 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Praveen Tipirneni. 
 
 10.13 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Douglas E. Williams. 
 
 10.14 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Nina Kjellson. 
 
 10.15 (1) 
 
 An Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and Douglas Giordano. 

58 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

(1) Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

59 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements Of Changes In Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Panacea Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Panacea Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related statements of operations,
changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 14, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 14, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by April 9, 2023 then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

, New York 

March 30, 2023 

PCAOB ID number 

F- 2 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses long term 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares at and per share redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding 17,250,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class F ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from January 14, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Total Other income 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class F ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share, Class F ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Statements Of Changes
In Shareholders Deficit 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 
FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 14, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Class F Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 14, 2021 (Inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares and Class F ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Sale of Private Placement Shares 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Statements of Cash
Flows 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
Period from 
 January 14, 
 2021 
 (Inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Payment of formation costs through promissory note by Sponsor 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Public Shares, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Shares 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of founder shares 

Offering costs paid through promissory note 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option
in the amount of Public Shares, at per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of which is described in
Note 3. 

Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement Shares at a
price of per Private Placement Share in a private placement to EcoR1 Panacea Holdings II, LLC (an affiliate of EcoR1 Capital, LLC)
(the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, net of reimbursement, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

per Public Share) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Shares in the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), and is invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds
itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account
to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and
taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination
company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. 

per Public Share, plus any pro
rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 

F- 7 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, it receives an ordinary
resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold
a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ),
and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior
to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), alignment shares (as defined in Note 5), Private Placement Shares and any
Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public
Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against
a proposed Business Combination. 

of the Public Shares without
the Company s prior written consent. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes, divided by the number of
then issued and outstanding Public Shares. 

of the Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned and not previously
released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders
and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

). 

F- 8 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of
the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions in the value of trust assets,
in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who
executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of
the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

F- 10 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

Less: 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs	 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value	 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as at December 31, 2021	 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value	 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as at December 31, 2022	 

, which were charged against the ordinary shares subject to redemption upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering. 

F- 11 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding	

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share	

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access
to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Public Shares, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option
in the amount of Public Shares, at a purchase price of per Public Share. 

Private Placement Shares at a price of per Private Placement Share,
for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Shares were
added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Shares will be used to fund the redemption of the Public
Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Shares. The private placement shares are not reflected
in temporary equity as they have no redemption rights. 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares and Class F ordinary shares (the alignment shares ). On January 15, 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder
Shares to each of the Company s independent directors at their original purchase price. Up to Founder Shares and 
alignment shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment was not exercised
in full or in part so that the Founder Shares and alignment shares would represent and , respectively, of the Company s issued
and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial
Public Offering and excluding the Private Placement Shares). As a result of the underwriter s election to fully exercise their over-allotment
option, the Founder Shares and alignment shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

F- 12 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

per month for office space, administrative and support services. For the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and in fees for
these services, of which such amounts are included in accrued expenses within the accompanying balance sheets at December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 and the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding amounts due under the Promissory
Note. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on April
9, 2021. The Promissory Note is no longer available to the Company. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 13 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

per Public Share, or in the aggregate, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

per share, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held
in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares (the forward purchase shares ), for a purchase price of 
per share, or an aggregate of , in a private placement to close concurrently with the closing of a Business Combination. The
obligations under the forward purchase agreements will not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by the public
shareholders. The forward purchase shares will be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Public Shares sold in
the Initial Public Offering, except that they will be subject to certain registration rights. 

F- 14 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and
other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued
and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity. 

Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. 

Class F ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class F ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. 

of the total number of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public offering (not including the
Private Placement Shares) plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with
a Business Combination (net of the number of Class A ordinary shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding
the forward purchase shares, any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of any Founder Shares, alignment shares or Working
Capital Loans, and any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination. 

F- 15 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECMEBER 31, 2022 

in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. 

in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. During the
period from January 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. 

1 

F- 16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

PANACEA ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Oleg Nodelman 

By: Oleg Nodelman 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Oleg Nodelman 

Name: 
 Oleg Nodelman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Scott Perlen 

Name: 
 Scott Perlen 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal 
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Scott Platshon 

Name: 
 Scott Platshon 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Caroline Stout 

Name: 
 Caroline Stout 

Title: 
 Chief Investment Officer 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Sarah Marriott 

Name: 
 Sarah Marriott 

Title: 
 Secretary and Director 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Douglas Giordano 

Name: 
 Douglas Giordano 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Nina Kjellson 

Name: 
 Nina Kjellson 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Praveen Tipirneni 

Name: 
 Praveen Tipirneni, M.D. 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Douglas E. Williams 

Name: 
 Douglas E. Williams, Ph.D. 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March 30, 2023 

60 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_panaceaacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Oleg Nodelman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Panacea Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Oleg Nodelman 

Oleg Nodelman 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_panaceaacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Scott Perlen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Panacea Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Scott Perlen 

Scott Perlen 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_panaceaacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Panacea
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Oleg Nodelman 

Oleg Nodelman 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_panaceaacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Panacea
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Scott Perlen 

Scott Perlen 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pana-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pana-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pana-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pana-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pana-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

