<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1770787_0001770787-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24735001</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>562769</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>16158203</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3109702</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2590224</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2154221</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001770787-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216164847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001770787-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			10x Genomics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001770787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				455614458
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39035
		FILM NUMBER:		23639114

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6230 STONERIDGE MALL ROAD
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(925) 401-7300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6230 STONERIDGE MALL ROAD
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	10X Genomics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001770787-23-000012.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 txg-20221231.htm
 10-K

txg-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

__________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 __________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 __________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant's common stock on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second quarter) as reported by Nasdaq on that date was billion. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, outstanding and shares of Class B common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 72 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 72 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 72 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 73 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 74 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 75 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 76 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 88 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 89 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 122 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 122 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 124 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction s that Prevent Inspections 
 124 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 125 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 125 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 125 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 125 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 125 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 126 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 129 
 Signatures 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 as contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Annual Report may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, "might," will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, "would," "likely," "seek" or continue or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding 10x Genomics, Inc. s expectations regarding our plans, objectives, goals, beliefs, business strategies, results of operations, financial position, sufficiency of our capital resources, business outlook, future events, business conditions, key business metrics and key factors affecting our performance, gross margin trends including the potential impact of change in product mix, expected future investments including anticipated capital expenditures, anticipated size of market opportunities and our ability to capture them, expected uses, performance and benefits of our products and services, uncertainties related to the global COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of our and our customers' and suppliers' responses to it, business trends and other information. These statements are based on management s current expectations, forecasts, beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management, and actual outcomes and results could differ materially from these statements due to a number of factors. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot provide any assurance that these expectations will prove to be correct. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For a more detailed discussion of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to the Risk Factors in this Annual Report, as such risk factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Our periodic filings are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot provide any assurance that these expectations will prove to be correct nor can we guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. Further, our forward-looking statements may not accurately or fully reflect the potential impact that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to we, us, our, the Company, 10x and similar references refer to 10x Genomics, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Channels for Disclosure of Information 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC, our website (https://www.10xGenomics.com), press releases, public conference calls, public webcasts and our social media accounts, (https://twitter.com/10xGenomics, https://www.facebook.com/10xGenomics and 
 https://www.linkedin.com/company/10xgenomics). We use these channels to communicate with our customers and the public about the Company, our products, our services and other matters. We encourage our investors, the media and others to review the information disclosed through such channels as such information could be deemed to be material information. The information on such channels, including on our website and our social media accounts, is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Please note that this list of disclosure channels may be updated from time to time. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Mission 
 Our mission is to accelerate the mastery of biology to advance human health. 
 Overview 
 We are a life science technology company focused on building innovative products to interrogate, understand and master biology. Our integrated platform solutions include instruments, consumables and software for analyzing biological systems at a resolution and scale that matches the complexity of biology. We have built deep expertise across diverse disciplines including chemistry, biology, hardware and software. Innovations in all of these areas have enabled our rapidly expanding suite of products, which allow our customers to interrogate biological systems at previously inaccessible resolution and scale. Our products have enabled researchers to make fundamental discoveries across multiple areas of biology, including oncology, immunology and neuroscience, and have helped empower the single cell revolution hailed by Science magazine as the 2018 Breakthrough of the Year. Our products have won many awards, including among others the technological advancements in single cell multimodal omics hailed by Nature Methods journal as the 2019 Method of the Year and the technological advancements in spatially resolved transcriptomics hailed by Nature Methods journal as the 2020 Method of the Year. Through our compatible partner program, our partnership with two long read sequencing companies launched products and protocols providing the ability to obtain full-length isoforms at single cell resolution. This groundbreaking capability was highlighted as part of the Nature Methods 2022 Method of the Year Long-read sequencing. Since 2015, a total of seven 10x products have been recognized by The Scientist magazine on their annual Top 10 Innovations list, an annual list of newly released products that have the potential to generate the biggest impact on scientific research. 
 Since launching our first product in mid-2015 through December 31, 2022, cumulatively we have sold 4,630 instruments to researchers around the world, including all of the top 100 global research institutions as ranked by Nature in 2021 based on publications and all of the top 20 global biopharmaceutical companies by 2021 research and development spend. We believe that we remain in the very early stages of our penetration into multiple large markets. We expect that 10x will power a Century of Biology in which many of humanity s most pressing health challenges will be solved by precision diagnostics, targeted therapies and cures to currently intractable diseases. 
 The 10x in our name refers to our focus on opportunities with the greatest potential for exponential advances and impact. We believe that the scientific and medical community currently understands only a tiny fraction of the full complexity of biology. The key to advancing human health lies in accelerating this understanding. The human body consists of over 40 trillion cells, each with a genome of 3 billion DNA base pairs and a unique epigenetic program regulating the transcription of tens of thousands of different RNAs, which are then translated into tens of thousands of different proteins. Progress in the life sciences will require the ability to measure biological systems in a much more comprehensive fashion and to experiment on biological systems at fundamental resolution and on massive scale, which are inaccessible with previously existing technologies. We believe that our technologies overcome these limitations, unlocking fundamental biological insights essential for advancing human health. 
 Our product portfolio consists of multiple integrated platforms that include instruments, consumables and software. These platforms guide customers through the workflow from sample preparation to analysis and visualization. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Each of our platforms is designed to interrogate a major class of biological information that is impactful to researchers at high resolution and scale: 
 Our Chromium platform enables high-throughput analysis of individual biological components. It is a precisely engineered reagent delivery system that divides a sample into individual components in up to a million or more partitions, enabling large numbers of parallel micro-reactions. In this manner, for example, the individual single cells of a large population of cells can be segregated so that each cell resides in its own partition. Each partition then behaves as a micro-scale reaction vessel in which its contents are barcoded with a DNA sequence that specifically identifies those contents as being distinct from the contents of other partitions. Once biological material in each partition is barcoded, they can then be pooled and sequenced together. Finally, the barcode sequences can be used to easily tease apart information originating from different partitions. Our approach to partitioning and barcoding gives researchers the ability to measure many discrete biological materials and/or perform many different experiments in parallel, providing tremendous resolution and scale. 
 Our Visium platform empowers researchers to identify where biological components are located and how they are arranged with respect to each other, otherwise referred to as spatial analysis. Our Visium platform uses high density DNA arrays which have DNA barcode sequences that encode the physical location of biological analytes within a sample, such as a tissue section, allowing the spatial location of the analytes to be read out using sequencing to create a visual map of the analytes across the sample. Similar to partitioning, spatial barcoding with large numbers of probes on an array can unlock tremendous insights, providing high resolution genomic information to visualize analytes across biological tissues. 
 Our Xenium platform for in situ analysis is designed to give scientists the ability not only to locate and type cells in their tissue context, but also to address a variety of specific questions based on previous knowledge of their sample often discovered using our Chromium and Visium platforms. Xenium In Situ detects and preserves the cellular localization of hundreds of RNA targets directly in a fresh frozen or formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue section without the need for conventional sequencing, providing researchers with a detailed map of gene expression patterns without sacrificing resolution or target number. 
 Collectively, our platforms enable researchers to interrogate, understand and master biology at the appropriate resolution and scale. A summary of our solutions based on the platforms follows below. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

We believe our platforms, which enable a comprehensive view of biology, target numerous market opportunities across the more than 67 billion global life sciences research tools market. We view much of this total market opportunity as ultimately accessible to us due to our ability to answer a broad diversity of biological questions. Based on the capabilities of our current solutions and focusing solely on cases where our current solutions offer alternative or complementary approaches to existing tools, we believe, based on our internal estimates, we could access approximately 16 billion of the global life sciences research tools market. We believe we can further drive growth by improving or enabling new uses and applications of existing tools and technologies, as our solutions allow researchers to answer questions that may be impractical or impossible to address using existing tools. We also expect to pursue additional opportunities that will further expand our opportunity, including new potential applications of our single cell, spatial and in situ technologies in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed a commercial team of 453 employees, many of whom hold PhD degrees, who help drive adoption of our products and support our vision. We prioritize creating a superior user experience from pre-sales to onboarding through the generation of novel publishable discoveries, which drive awareness and adoption of our products. We have a scalable, multi-channel commercial infrastructure including a direct sales force in North America and certain regions of Europe and distribution partners in Asia, certain regions of Europe, Oceania, South America, the Middle East and Africa that drives our customer growth. This is supplemented with an extensive and highly specialized customer service infrastructure with PhD-level specialists. We currently have customers in 50 countries. 
 Our revenue was 516.4 million and 490.5 million for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a year-over-year growth rate of 5 . We generated net losses of 166.0 million and 58.2 million for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The complexity of biology 
 Biology is staggeringly complex. The cell is the basic, fundamental organizational unit of all biological organisms. A human being starts from a single cell, which divides into over 40 trillion cells such as blood cells, skin cells, muscle cells, bone cells, stem cells and neurons to create the tissues that enable all necessary functions in the human body. These cells utilize the basic building blocks of DNA, RNA and protein, configured in cell-specific ways. 
 DNA, the hereditary material of living organisms, is the foundation for a series of biological processes that form the basis for biology and how cells function. DNA is transcribed into messenger RNA mRNA in a process referred to as transcription or, alternatively, gene expression. Information from the mRNA molecules is then translated into protein in a process called translation. Each gene has the ability to create multiple different mRNAs, resulting in the production of over 100,000 different mRNAs from about 30,000 genes. The complete collection of all of the DNA, mRNA and proteins are called the genome, 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 transcriptome or gene expression profile, and the proteome, respectively. The epigenome includes molecular configurations and chemical DNA modifications that affect how genes are regulated. The genome, epigenome, transcriptome and proteome can be distinct for each of the trillions of cells in the human body and collectively constitute a rich architecture of biology. 
 Industry direction 
 The 20th century discovery of DNA, RNA, protein and the basic molecular and cellular mechanisms of their function paved early foundations for humanity to understand our own biology. In the early 2000s, the study of biology shifted from focusing on individual genes and their products to a more global level of characterizing the full collection of DNA, RNA and proteins and how they interact, giving rise to the field of genomics. Genomics is a broad, highly interdisciplinary field that approaches the study of biology at a system-wide level. We believe that genomics-based approaches will encompass much of biology and medical applications in the coming decades. 
 The Human Genome Project, which was completed in 2003, determined a reference sequence of the three billion nucleotides of the human genome as a composite over several individuals. This reference sequence provided an initial parts list of genes, enabling researchers to begin understanding human biology at a global molecular level. 
 The subsequent two decades of genomic research in many ways have been defined by genome-wide association studies GWAS and large-scale sequencing of individuals and populations. The goal was to compile all of the genetic variants in human populations and to link those variants to different conditions, traits and diseases. These associations would serve to generate clues and hypotheses that can be tested by subsequent experimentation to understand the detailed biology of each gene and variant. 
 Both of these efforts have provided substantial value and have been foundational in enabling multiple new research and clinical applications. However, much of the initial promise of the Human Genome Project and subsequent GWAS projects remains unfulfilled. We believe this is ultimately due to the tremendous underlying complexity of biology. The human genome project provided a list of parts and subsequent GWAS projects looked for statistical links between these parts and various diseases and traits. Going forward we need to understand the biological function of each gene and all the molecular and cellular networks they encode. Genomics needs to expand from its focus on the genome and statistical associations to the study of biology more broadly. 
 This presents an enormous challenge because of the limited capabilities of existing tools for accessing biology at the molecular and cellular level. Some of these limitations are: 
 Average, or bulk, measurements obscure underlying differences between different biological units, such as individual cells; 
 Low throughput prevents requisite sampling of the underlying complexity for example, when only a few hundred cells can be evaluated at a time; 
 Limited number of biological analytes are interrogated, giving a myopic view of only a few biological processes; 
 Limited ability for multi-omic interrogation; 
 Inefficient use of sample to generate a signal of sufficient strength to analyze the biological molecules of interest; and 
 Inadequate bioinformatics and software tools. 
 We believe technologies that address these limitations will serve large and unmet market needs by providing a better understanding of molecular and cellular function, the origin of disease and how to improve treatment. 
 Measure the full complexity of biology . A major need is for an in-depth cataloging of biological complexity. This will involve going from a basic biological parts list to a detailed map of exactly how all of these parts are used and interact in both healthy and disease states. Researchers and clinicians need to characterize every cell in the human body to understand how cell-to-cell variations in genomes, epigenomes, transcriptomes and proteomes give rise to function or dysfunction. They also need to characterize every tissue at a full molecular and cellular level, including how cells are arranged together into spatial patterns that affect function, give rise to disease or impact treatment. For example, in the context of cancer biology, many tumors consist of a heterogeneous population of healthy and cancerous cells, the latter of which may consist of genetically distinct subpopulations that are susceptible to different therapeutics. Furthermore, different spatial patterns of cancer antigens may require different treatment approaches. Without being able to see cells and molecules in their spatial context it is difficult to fully understand tumor resistance and how cells interact with one another within the tumor microenvironment and enable targeted therapies. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Massively parallelize experimentation . Mastering biology will require moving beyond the cataloging of biological complexity and into performing experiments to understand the impact of active changes to biological systems. We believe technologies that enable measurement of massively parallel perturbation and the impact of these perturbations will be important for accelerating biological and medical discovery. For example, an unmet goal of researchers has been to compile all of the genetic variations in human populations and link those variations to different conditions, traits and diseases. Linking these variations to disease requires the analysis of the impact of these variations within different systems, alone and in various combinations. Technologies that enable these variations to be created in arbitrary combinations within various biological contexts and the impact of these combinations measured in a massively parallel fashion will highly accelerate this work. In another example, a longstanding need of researchers has been to predict the interactions between immune cells and the target molecules they can recognize. The human body can make over a trillion different immune cells that are collectively capable of recognizing and mounting a response to nearly any conceivable antigen. We believe that understanding, and ultimately harnessing, this targeting will require technologies that can enable the massively parallel screening of interactions between a set of recognizing immune cells and a set of synthetic antigen target molecules. 
 We believe technologies that address these needs will redefine biological discovery and power a Century of Biology in which many of humanity s most pressing health challenges will be solved by precision diagnostics, targeted therapies and cures to currently intractable diseases. 
 Our solutions 
 We have built and commercialized multiple platforms that allow researchers to interrogate, understand and master biological systems at a resolution and scale commensurate with the complexity of biology. We believe that our products overcome the limitations of existing tools. Our vision, discipline and multidisciplinary approach have allowed us to continuously innovate to develop the instruments, consumables and software that underlie our solutions. 
 Our technological imperatives: resolution and scale 
 Resolution and Scale are the imperatives that underlie our products and technology. First, our solutions enable understanding biology at the right level of biological resolution, such as at the level of the single cell or at high spatial resolution of tissues and organs. Second, we believe that high resolution tools only become truly powerful when they are built into technologies with tremendous scale. Measuring individual cells, spatial portions of tissues or molecular interactions in small numbers is insufficient. Our products enable measuring and manipulating up to millions of single cells or thousands of tissue sample positions. Thus, our products provide the appropriate levels of both resolution and scale in a manner that allows researchers to easily sift through the complexity to access the underlying biology. 
 Our platforms 
 Our platforms are integrated solutions comprised of instruments, consumables and software. They are built with our expertise in chemistry, molecular biology, microfluidics, hardware, computational biology and software engineering. All of our products begin with a researcher s sample (such as a collection of thousands to millions of cells or a slice of fresh frozen or FFPE tissue). Our Chromium platform performs high-throughput barcoding to construct libraries that are compatible with standard third-party sequencers. Our Visium platform allows researchers to combine spatially resolved whole transcriptome measurements across tissue sections with a high-resolution image. Thousands of unique, arrayed barcodes that represent a spatial location allow for analytes to be captured from tissue, spatially barcoded and then mapped back to their original tissue location after sequencing. Our Xenium platform includes the Xenium Analyzer, a fully automated instrument that integrates sample handling, liquid handling and imaging. In this workflow, targeted probes are hybridized to tissue sections on Xenium slides, which are then processed on our Xenium Analyzer. Sequencing is not required. Our proprietary software then provides turn-key analysis pipelines and intuitive visualization tools for all of our platforms that allows researchers to easily interpret the biological data from the samples. 
 Our Chromium platform 
 Our Chromium platform, which includes our Chromium X Series, Chromium Connect and legacy Chromium Controller instruments, microfluidic chips and related consumables, enables high-throughput analysis of individual biological components. The Chromium instruments serve as precisely engineered reagent delivery systems that divide a sample into individual components in up to a million or more partitions, enabling large numbers of parallel micro-reactions. The Chromium platform can be used to partition not only single cells, but also other biological materials such as cell nuclei and DNA molecules. The large numbers of partitions generated using our Chromium products can be used for analyzing samples at high resolution and on 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 massive scale. We pair a partitioned sample with our proprietary gel beads bearing barcodes that allow researchers to uniquely identify the contents of each partition and distinguish them from contents of other partitions. We refer to the partitions that are generated on our Chromium platform as GEMs, which stands for Gel beads in EMulsion. We collectively refer to our partitioning and barcoding technologies as our GemCode technology. 
 
 Our Chromium X and iX, Chromium Connect and microfluidic chips . Our Chromium consumables run on our Chromium instruments. Our Chromium iX instrument is capable of running our Low Throughput and Standard Throughput consumables. Our Chromium X instrument is capable of running Low, Standard and High Throughput consumables. Customers are able to upgrade their Chromium iX to run Low, Standard and High Throughput consumables via firmware upgrade. We have designed our instruments to be widely accessible to researchers and each of these instruments has a form factor that easily fits on a standard laboratory bench. Our Chromium instruments operate exclusively with our microfluidic chips, which are highly engineered single-use devices that process samples and reagents. During our Chromium workflows, the researcher loads a sample onto the microfluidic chip along with our proprietary gel beads and oils. The loaded chip is inserted into the Chromium instrument, which facilitates the generation of GEMs that contain sample and gel beads. Our Chromium Connect product is an automated Chromium instrument that incorporates liquid handling robotics to automate our workflow and can be utilized with our Single Cell Gene Expression and Single Cell Immune Profiling solutions. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 The following are key advantages of our Chromium platform: 
 High cell throughput : How many cells can be measured at once? Measuring more cells with resolution allows researchers to look for rare cells in a population. If a disease-causing cell occurs in only 1 in 10,000 cells in a sample, then measuring just 1,000 cells will be unlikely to find a single copy of the disease-causing cell. Our Standard Throughput Single Cell Gene Expression and Immune Profiling solutions, on the other hand, have cell throughputs of up to 80,000 cells per run using one microfluidic chip which increases the likelihood of finding a copy of the disease-causing cell. Our High Throughput Single Cell Gene Expression and Immune Profiling solutions enable analysis of up to 320,000 cells per microfluidic chip. With the launch of our Single Cell Gene Expression Flex solution, we have increased cell throughput and enable analysis of up to 1,000,000 cells per microfluidic chip. 
 High cell capture rate : What fraction of the researcher s sample cells are measured rather than lost? A high cell capture rate is important in many cases where researchers start with only a limited number of rare cells, such as a tumor biopsy from a patient. Our single cell solutions have typical cell capture rates of about 65 , which is significantly higher than those achieved by many competing solutions. 
 Low doublet rate : How often do researchers avoid doublets artifacts where two or more cells are read as one? Doublets result in loss of cell information, inaccurate information and wasted sequencing. Researchers seek products with low doublet rates. Our single cell solutions have doublet rates of less than 1 per 1,000 cells. 
 Our Chromium platform currently provides researchers with the following solutions: 
 Single Cell Gene Expression 
 Our Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression solution provides customers with the ability to measure the transcriptome of single cells, revealing gene activity and networks on a cell-by-cell basis. This approach enables customers to identify and characterize rare cell types in a population of cells, characterize cell populations without prior knowledge of cell subtypes or cell markers, define novel cell types and cell states, discover new biomarkers for specific cell populations and analyze and understand cellular heterogeneity and its effects on biological systems. 
 For this solution, customers run their samples of interest on Chromium X Series or Chromium Connect instruments, or on legacy Chromium Controller instruments, to generate GEMs containing single cells and prepare single cell libraries using our reagents. Researchers can sequence these single cell libraries on standard third-party sequencers, analyze their data using our Cell Ranger analysis pipeline software and visualize their data using our Loupe Cell Browser software. The browser displays a visual representation of the data in which cells having similar gene expression profiles are colored and clustered together. Researchers can explore their data by cluster or gene(s) of interest to derive biological meaning from the visualizations. The following visualization is an example showing single cell profiling of approximately 10,000 mouse brain cells that reveals multiple types of neurons. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ______________ 
 t-SNE projection of approximately 10,000 mouse brain cells derived from the combined cortex, hippocampus and ventricular zones of embryonic day 18 brain tissue. Major subpopulations were identified based on gene markers that are enriched in each class. 
 Our Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression solution uses our proprietary biochemistry, GEM-RT, to capture mRNA molecules with high sensitivity. Sensitivity is the number of different mRNA transcripts that can be detected. Higher sensitivities are required to detect mRNA molecules that are present in low abundance in a cell. Our latest version of this solution uses our GEM-RT biochemistry that has an increased sensitivity of up to 8,500 unique transcripts per cell. 
 Furthermore, our Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression solution can be used with our Feature Barcode technology to simultaneously measure multiple analytes in the same cells. Our Feature Barcode is highly customizable, allowing our customers to add a barcode to any biological feature they want to analyze in conjunction with gene expression and other biological data. Feature Barcode can currently be used to: 
 Measure cell surface proteins simultaneously with gene expression, giving a far fuller picture of the states of single cells that includes the transcriptional profile inside the cells as well as the proteins on the outside of the cells; and 
 Measure a set of CRISPR genetic perturbations that have been applied to a cell simultaneously with the resulting changes to gene expression and/or surface protein characterization, allowing users to interrogate the impact of actively perturbing many different aspects of a biological system in a massively parallel fashion. 
 To date, more than 3,400 peer-reviewed scientific publications have been published using data generated by our Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression solution with the top research areas being oncology, immunology and developmental biology. This body of work is yielding significant insights into many different areas of biology and disease. For example, after the COVID-19 pandemic emerged in 2020, a coalition of researchers from the Human Cell Atlas Biological Network re-analyzed single cell gene expression datasets obtained from the respiratory system, retina, intestine, heart, muscle, liver, brain, skin and many other tissues and organs. Through this work, the authors clarified the expression patterns of key genes responsible for SARS-CoV-2 infection of human cells throughout the body, providing the most detailed view for where SARS-CoV-2 could infect human cells, which suggested important implications for viral transmissibility. This analysis highlighted the forward-thinking importance of the Human Cell Atlas consortium efforts to use single cell gene expression supported by us to extensively catalog all of the cells present throughout every tissue and organ in the human body as a foundation for future understanding of critical human diseases. Subsequent single cell gene expression studies throughout 2020 built upon this foundation to identify the cellular expression of additional genes and molecular regulatory mechanisms required for SARS-CoV-2 infection, differences in cellular immune responses that correlate with severity of COVID-19 and to develop human cell culture, non-human animal and human organoid models of infection to enable the rapid pre-clinical study of treatments for this disease. 
 Single Cell Gene Expression Flex 
 In 2022, we introduced our Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression Flex solution. Like our Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression solution, Flex provides customers with the ability to measure the transcriptome of single cells, revealing gene activity and networks on a cell-by-cell basis. Single cell RNA sequencing is increasingly being used to profile larger numbers of samples, corresponding to cohorts of patients or different perturbations, increasing the importance of an efficient and scalable workflow. 
 Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression Flex works on samples fixed with paraformaldehyde (PFA), which allows samples to be collected, shipped to a central location and analyzed without sacrificing integrity or data quality, creating new possibilities for sample accessibility, throughput and batched analysis. This advanced chemistry also brings single cell profiling to FFPE tissue, expanding the range of accessible sample types. Customers can fix fresh samples at the point of collection to lock in biological states and preserve fragile cells or use this solution to access archived samples. We expect that this solution will be especially suited for translational and clinical labs where fragile samples or time constraints would otherwise preclude single cell analysis. 
 Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression Flex allows for profiling up to 1,000,000 fixed single cells at once with a scalable workflow. 
 Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression Flex can be used exclusively with our Chromium X Series instruments to generate GEMs. Prior to GEM generation, cells are fixed and permeabilized and can be safely stored or transported without compromising data quality. When commencing the experiment using Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression Flex, samples are hybridized to probe sets and may be processed individually (singleplex workflow) or pooled with up to 16 samples in a single lane of a 10x chip (multiplex workflow). During GEM generation the probe sets are ligated and extended to incorporate unique barcodes. Sequencing libraries are then prepared, sequenced and analyzed using our Cell Ranger and Loupe Browser software tools. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Single Cell Immune Profiling 
 Our Chromium Single Cell Immune Profiling solution is used to study the immune system, which is the body s natural diagnostic and therapeutic system. The immune system has a vast network of T-cells and B-cells that recognize pathogens using receptor molecules that bind to foreign molecules, or antigens. T-cells and B-cells can generate an immense diversity of receptors that are each specific to a different potential antigen, making it possible for the human body to recognize nearly any conceivable antigen. Our Chromium Single Cell Immune Profiling solution enables researchers to study these receptor molecules at the single cell level in conjunction with the transcriptome of the immune cell. Through the use of our solutions, researchers can measure both the T-cell or B-cell receptors while also determining whether the cell has been activated to attack its target or is quiescent and waiting for a threat to emerge. Importantly, because our analysis is performed at the single cell level, we obtain information regarding the pairing of the sequences of the alpha and beta chains of T-cell receptors or the heavy and light chains of B-cell receptors. This paired receptor information is unavailable from traditional bulk approaches for analyzing immune cells and is critical as it is the pair of receptors that defines the targets of each immune cell. By enabling paired immune receptor and transcriptome analysis in massive numbers of immune cells, our Chromium Single Cell Immune Profiling solution sheds insight on the clonality, diversity and cellular context of the immune repertoire. 
 The workflow of this solution, which is similar to that of the Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression solution, utilizes our Chromium X Series, Chromium Connect or legacy Chromium Controller to generate GEMs, followed by single cell library preparation and sequencing. In contrast to Gene Expression, our Chromium Single Cell Immune Profiling solution uses a different biochemistry that obtains sequence information from the 5 end of mRNA molecules, rather than their 3 end. This biochemistry allows researchers to capture the more information-rich regions of immune receptor transcripts. Our Chromium Single Cell Immune Profiling solution also includes a step of enriching for immune receptor transcripts using specific primers to create an immune-specific library that can be sequenced separately from gene expression. We have also developed specialized pipelines within our Cell Ranger software and a specialized visualization software, Loupe V(D)J Browser, for visualizing the paired immune receptor information derived from this product. This software allows researchers to identify cell type clusters based on gene expression and then layer T-cell and/or B-cell receptor sequence diversity directly onto that visualization, enabling users to easily derive biological meaning from these two different data types. The following visualization is an example showing the simultaneous assessment of paired immune cell receptor information and gene expression in colorectal cancer cells. 
 
 ______________ 
 Overlay of gene expression and lg clonotypes for colorectal cancer cells visualized using Loupe Cell Browser. Light blue dots indicate an lg clonotype cell. Dark blue dots show the location of the most prevalent lg clonotype in the plasma cell cluster, with the table outlining the gene calls for the heavy (H) and lambda l light chain. The paired H and l chain V(D)J sequences are shown to the right and corresponding V(D)J nucleotides are color-coded (5 UTR: gray, V: red, D: yellow, J: green, C: purple). 
 Feature Barcode can be used in combination with our Single Cell Immune Profiling solution, adding significant multi-omic functionality. Importantly, this functionality allows users to determine the antigen that is bound by immune cells simultaneously with their gene expression. This capability allows researchers to determine both the receptor sequences of individual immune cells as well as an antigen that the receptor targets and makes this analysis practical to perform for millions of immune cells. We believe that the capability to understand immune receptor-antigen interactions at a high-throughput single cell level is 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 tremendously valuable for elucidating the rules of immune cell targeting and can be used to understand disease and identify leads for immunotherapies and to assist researchers in constructing an immune map of receptor-antigen targeting rules. 
 In 2022, we launched our Barcode Enabled Antigen Mapping (BEAM) solution, to be used in combination with our Chromium Single Cell Immune Profiling solution. BEAM enables rapid discovery of tens to hundreds of antigen-reactive B-cell receptors (BEAM-Ab) and T-cell receptors (BEAM-T) against multiple antigens from a single sample in as quickly as one week. We anticipate that this product will be especially suited for biotech and pharmaceutical companies and the solution includes tailor made software designed to process and analyze these rich data sets. 
 Single Cell ATAC 
 Our Chromium Single Cell ATAC solution enables customers to understand the epigenetic state including how the genome and its surroundings are modified to open and closed states, affecting how genes are regulated in up to millions of cells. While our Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression solution answers the what of what makes two cells different from each other, our Chromium Single Cell ATAC solution answers the how. These two products are highly complementary and can be used as a powerful combination to understand both the cause and effect of gene regulation. 
 ATAC-seq stands for Assay for Transposase Accessible Chromatin using sequencing. This technique uses an engineered transposase enzyme to insert nucleic acids tags into the genome while also excising the tagged sequences from its surroundings. ATAC-seq is based on the fact that the transposase enzyme will preferentially tag and excise regions of the genome that have an open chromatin state that is unimpeded by proteins bound to genomic DNA. The tagged sequences can be sequenced to infer genomic regions of increased chromatin accessibility as well as map regions that are bound by transcription factor proteins responsible for regulating gene expression. ATAC seq was pioneered by researchers at Stanford University and intellectual property rights directed to ATAC-seq are exclusively licensed to us. ATAC-seq has now become an important tool in epigenetics and genome-regulation research. 
 Our Single Cell ATAC solution uses the ATAC-seq assay in conjunction with our Chromium platform to create a product for high-throughput epigenetic interrogation at single cell resolution. In the workflow, users treat cell nuclei with transposase enzyme and then use our Chromium instrument to encapsulate these nuclei in GEMs. The tagged sequences from the nuclei are barcoded inside GEMs and then processed to generate sequencing libraries. Sequencing reads are analyzed using our Cell Ranger ATAC software and visualized using our Loupe Cell Browser, which has been specially configured to display epigenetic data. The following visualization is an example of plots showing open chromatin around genes that are specifically associated with certain cell types. 
 
 ______________ 
 Open chromatin signals around marker genes are specifically associated with the cell type of expression. Plots show aggregate chromatin accessibility profiles for each cluster at several marker gene loci. 
 Our Chromium Single Cell ATAC solution has been adopted by a number of key opinion leaders. In one example, researchers used a combination of single cell transcriptome profiling and single cell ATAC-seq to identify enhancer elements that mark specific sub-classes of cells in the mouse brain. Once these elements are identified they can be targeted in order to generate mice with specific cell types labeled or perturbed at a level of specificity not usually achievable using gene expression alone. The ability to specifically target new cell types of interest allows in-depth investigations of the functions of those targeted cells. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Single Cell Multiome ATAC+Gene Expression 
 Our Chromium Single Cell Multiome ATAC+Gene Expression solution enables customers to link a cell s epigenetic state, which affects how genes are regulated, directly to its transcriptional output, in up to millions of cells simultaneously. This product is the first commercial solution to enable simultaneous interrogation of both the RNA and chromatin accessibility, using the Assay for Transposase Accessible Chromatin (ATAC) in a single cell. Previously, researchers would profile these two modalities separately using our Single Cell Gene Expression solution and Single Cell ATAC solution, and computationally infer related cell types between the two datasets. However, with our Single Cell Multiome ATAC+Gene Expression solution, it is now possible to directly measure both modalities in the same single cell, providing valuable insights into how the epigenetic landscape in a cell (the input directly impacts downstream gene expression (the output ). 
 Our Single Cell Multiome ATAC+Gene Expression solution is similar in workflow to our Single Cell Gene Expression and Single Cell ATAC products on the Chromium platform. In the workflow, users treat cell nuclei with transposase enzyme and then use our Chromium instrument to encapsulate these nuclei in GEMs. The tagged DNA sequences and the mRNA from the nuclei are barcoded inside GEMs and then processed to generate gene expression and ATAC sequencing libraries. Sequencing reads are analyzed using our Cell Ranger ARC software, which has been specifically designed to leverage data from both RNA and ATAC data, and visualized using our Loupe Cell Browser. 
 The following visualization is an example of how chromatin accessibility from ATAC data can be linked with gene expression data for inferring regulatory interactions in cells: 

This product has been adopted by major academic institutions and powered a study presented at the Opening Plenary session of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting in 2020. In addition to applications in oncology, researchers are also applying the assay to neuroscience, including understanding the genetic architecture of neuropsychiatric diseases, and immunology, for understanding T-cell exhaustion during immunotherapy. 
 Sample preparation solutions . In 2022, we launched our Nuclei Isolation kit, our first offering to help ease the sample preparation process. This solution provides a simple, scalable workflow to make frozen tissues and previously challenging sample types more accessible for routine single cell analysis. 
 Many samples which may be biobanked or are not amenable to fresh processing require nuclei isolation for use in single cell sequencing. Nuclei isolation is also necessary to obtain additional layers of cellular information, such as chromatin accessibility. Previously available methods for nuclei isolation from frozen tissue include complex, low-throughput and time-consuming protocols, expensive instruments for sorting and debris removal and the need to optimize workflows for each tissue. Our Chromium Nuclei Isolation kit, specifically designed for use with our single cell assays, streamlines nuclei isolation workflows, ensuring reliable assay performance for gene expression or epigenetic studies with little to no optimization for most tissues. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our Visium platform 
 
 Our Visium platform enables researchers to understand the spatial positions of biological analytes within tissues at high resolution. Such spatial analysis can be critically important in understanding tissue function in both healthy and disease states. For example, in the context of neurobiology, neuronal degeneration in the substantia nigra , an area of the brain associated with movement, results in Parkinson s disease, while degeneration of upper and lower motor neurons results in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig s disease. In the context of cancer treatment, the knowledge of whether T-cells have infiltrated inside of a tumor, rather than merely surrounding the tumor, is an important prognostic indicator. Understanding the spatial relationship of the biological analytes in tissues may hold the key to unlocking the underlying causes and identifying cures for such diseases. 
 Our Visium products are based in part on technology that we acquired from Spatial Transcriptomics in 2018. Spatial Transcriptomics utilized arrays having specialized probes on their surfaces that are encoded with the spatial position of the probe. In the Visium product workflow, a tissue sample is placed onto the array and reagents are added by the user to create barcoded molecules from the array probes and the biological material in the tissues. This barcoded material encodes the spatial information that was contained in the probes. Users then pool the material from the array and follow a protocol to create libraries of molecules that can be sequenced using a standard third-party sequencer. After sequencing, analysis software assigns each sequencing read to its spatial position of origin, aligning with a morphological stain of the tissue section. Collectively, the spatially defined reads provide a visual depiction of the locations and patterns of large numbers of biological analytes simultaneously in the tissue sample. 
 The Spatial Transcriptomics product performed spatial analysis of mRNAs using arrays that had 1,000 probes with distances of approximately 200 microns between probes. This product was used to identify heterogeneity in metastatic melanoma and to demonstrate that there was significantly more heterogeneity than could be predicted by manual pathology annotation. In an independent study of mouse and human amyotrophic lateral sclerosis samples, researchers were able to observe changes in RNA expression over the disease course, while preserving the understanding of those changes in the spatial context. This allowed them to visualize the key changes that occur in brain regions before and during neuronal degeneration. 
 Our Visium solution for spatial gene expression analysis was launched in late 2019. Our Visium Spatial Gene Expression product has significant improvements over the Spatial Transcriptomics product, including increased spatial resolution, increased gene sensitivity, a simpler workflow, compatibility with both hematoxylin and eosin (H E) and immunofluorescence stains, and fully developed analysis and visualization software. We launched the Visium Spatial Proteogenomics solution providing the capability of combining whole transcriptome analysis and immunofluorescence protein detection within the same tissue section in 2020. In 2021, we launched Visium Spatial Gene Expression for FFPE which featured an entirely new probe-based chemistry enabling Visium to be applied to FFPE tissues with similarly high sensitivity and the same spatial resolution as fresh frozen samples. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 In 2022, we launched the Visium CytAssist, an instrument designed to simplify the Visium solution workflow by facilitating the transfer of transcriptomic probes from standard glass slides to Visium slides. The Visium CytAssist is a compact, benchtop instrument that enables spatial profiling insights with broadest sample access, streamlined workflow logistics allowing the use of pre-sectioned tissues and pre-stained samples with the Visium workflow in both FFPE and fresh frozen samples. 
 Depending on the sample type, sectioning, sample preparation, staining, and hematoxylin and eosin (H E) or immunofluorescent (IF) imaging take place on a standard glass slide in the Visium CytAssist workflow. After probe hybridization, two standard glass slides and a two capture area Visium gene expression slide are placed in the CytAssist instrument so that the tissue sections on the standard slides can be aligned on top of the two Visium capture areas. Within the instrument, a brightfield image is captured to provide spatial orientation for data analysis, followed by permeabilization of the tissue and transfer of transcriptomic probes to the Visium gene expression slide. The remaining steps, starting with probe extension, follow the standard Visium for FFPE workflow outside of the instrument. Data is visualized using our software tools. 
 We intend to continuously innovate to provide enhanced resolution, performance, throughput and efficiency for our existing Visium Spatial Gene Expression products and we also intend to develop additional Visium spatial products using our other assays which, analogous to the Chromium platform, allow spatial interrogation of a broader range of biological analytes including DNA, immune molecules, epigenetics and proteins. 
 Our Xenium platform 
 
 Our Xenium platform for in situ analysis is designed to give scientists the ability to not only locate and type cells in their tissue context, but also to address a variety of specific questions based on previous knowledge of their sample often discovered using our Chromium and Visium platforms. 
 In situ is a Latin expression that means in the original place." In situ analysis is used to describe a method to detect and analyze RNA and protein molecules right where they are within the tissue, without the need to extract or capture them. 
 Based on our internal research and development and the acquisitions of ReadCoor and CartaNA, our Xenium platform is a complete end-to-end solution including a robust instrument, consumables and software. 
 The Xenium Analyzer instrument, which we began shipping in 2022, is designed for fully automated high-throughput analysis of cells in their tissue environment. The end-to-end solution includes pre-designed, validated panels and analysis tools for visualizing and studying spatial patterns of expression. 
 Xenium In Situ detects and preserves the cellular localization of RNA targets directly in a fresh frozen or FFPE tissue section without the need for conventional sequencing. This provides researchers with a detailed map of gene expression patterns without 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 sacrificing resolution or target number. Xenium uses circularizable probes specific to target transcripts followed by enzymatic amplification to create a target for fluorescent probe hybridization. On the Xenium Analyzer, microscope images of the tissue detect the location of each fluorescent probe, which is then removed. Successive rounds of fluorescent probe hybridization, imaging and removal creates a unique optical signature that reveals the identity of the RNA at a location within each cell of a tissue. In the future, we expect that Xenium will allow the detection of both RNA and protein in the same tissue section, revealing complex and nuanced expression patterns. 
 Our Xenium consumables consist of a menu of curated, validated and fit-for-purpose gene panels along with the ability to design custom gene sets. Our initial panels include a Human Breast Gene Expression Panel for high-resolution cell typing of breast tissues and characterization of breast cancer disease states, including tumor microenvironments, and a Mouse Brain Gene Expression Panel for high-resolution cell typing of mouse brain tissue. The panels were designed using single cell datasets with direct customer input and the genes were chosen to target cell types and cell states for each respective tissue type. Each panel can also be customized with up to 100 genes. 
 The Xenium Analyzer instrument comes with onboard analysis capabilities to process image data, localize RNA signals and perform secondary analysis. Customers are able to easily transfer data from the instrument and perform visualization and further analysis with 10x-provided software or other tools of their choice. 
 With the launch of our Xenium platform in 2022, we introduced Xenium Explorer, an easy-to-use desktop software tool for interactive exploration and data analysis. Xenium Explorer leverages the platform's exploration-ready output to enable researchers to immediately see results at subcellular and tissue scale. 
 Our software is essential to our mission of accelerating the mastery of biology. Since our platforms and molecular assays enable new levels of resolution and scale, they produce entirely new types of data and at much larger scales than previously achievable. To that end, we have developed sophisticated and scalable software that completes our solutions which we provide to researchers generally free of charge. Our analysis software transforms large amounts of raw data into usable results, giving researchers user friendly tools to dynamically explore these results. As larger and larger amounts of biological data are generated with greater ease, we believe that software tools will become increasingly critical for progress in biology. 
 Our 10x Genomics Cloud Analysis platform makes it easy for new 10x users to get started and for our advanced users to scale to larger and more complex experiments. With Cloud Analysis, we took the technology that powered our own internal product development for years and brought it to our customers. Optimized for our software products, Cloud Analysis aims to be the easiest-to-use and fastest way to run 10x analysis available. And because we believe analysis is an integral part of our products, we provide ample cloud analysis at no additional cost for every sample our customers run. 
 Since our founding, we have committed to making software engineering and computational biology world-class, core internal competencies. We believe this deep investment distinguishes us from our competition and is worthwhile because it: 
 Removes barriers to adoption. With our software, our customers can immediately begin making sense of their experimental data. Without it, they would be forced to develop their own software or wait for the community to do so, slowing down adoption of our products by months or even years; 
 Accelerates utilization. Easy-to-use, efficient software helps our customers analyze their data and complete their experiments and studies faster, enabling them to move on to their next experimental questions sooner; 
 Increases scale. Reliable, scalable software helps to remove analysis as a bottleneck as our customers plan larger and more ambitious experimental designs; 
 Expands the user base. While early adopters are more likely to have access to bioinformatics expertise, our software enables a broader range of customers to take advantage of our solutions; 
 Enables better understanding of our customers needs. By supplying analysis software for our customers, we gain much greater insight into their use cases, helping us to design future products that best meet their needs; and 
 Enhances and accelerates product development. The software we ship to customers is the same software we use to develop and optimize our platforms and chemistry. This aligns us closely with the needs of our customers and reduces our time-to-market. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our product development approach 
 The success of our products is founded on how we approach product development. Our employees are deeply scientifically oriented, having the relevant scientific expertise embedded not only within research and development, but also within the management team and throughout the company. We are ambitious and focus on fundamentals. We strive to solve big challenges to enable new fundamental biology and to build technological capabilities with potential for exponential impact. We work closely with our customers, many of whom are thought leaders in genomics and medicine, to identify future frontiers and unmet needs. Once we identify the correct opportunities, which we create through both organic development by our in-house teams and targeted acquisitions of technologies that will accelerate our ability to bring new products to researchers, we have the discipline to focus on execution and have a track record of bringing successful products across multiple platforms to market. 
 Multidisciplinary collaboration and technological innovation are central to our product development process. We have built teams with deep expertise across diverse disciplines including chemistry, molecular biology, microfluidics, hardware, computational biology and software engineering. This multidisciplinary expertise forms the basis of our innovation engine, which allows us to introduce new products at a rapid pace as well as continuously launch improved versions of our existing products. 
 Our solutions enable our customers to focus on biology by providing them with intuitive user interfaces and software. Our products guide customers through the workflow, from preparing samples, to reading sample information on a third-party sequencer (when required), through analyzing and visualizing this information, to make obtaining biological answers as easy as possible. Our Chromium and Visium workflows operate with third-party sequencers that are widely available in research settings. 
 Our market opportunity 
 According to industry sources, the worldwide life sciences research tools market totaled more than 67 billion in 2021. Our diverse products and solutions allow biologists to interrogate and understand biological systems at exceptional resolution and scale. Our focus on enabling a comprehensive view of biology, and not narrowly focusing on a particular analyte such as DNA alone, has produced products which we believe have broad applications and target numerous opportunities across different areas of life sciences research. Because we provide solutions to answer a broad diversity of biological questions, we view much of this total market as ultimately accessible to us. 
 Areas in which our current solutions offer alternative or complementary approaches to existing tools represented a total opportunity of approximately 16 billion of the more than 67 billion global life sciences research tools market in 2021. This 16 billion opportunity includes flow cytometry, sequencing, microscopy, high content imaging and sample preparation, among other tools. In many cases, our current solutions offer alternative approaches to existing tools, where the advantages of our solutions can provide more precise answers to existing biological questions than existing tools and technologies. Our tools may also complement, enhance and enable new applications of these technologies. We believe we will compete for research spending within the life science research tools market and capture an increasing share of research budgets as our solutions deliver new capabilities, enable new applications and lead to new discoveries. We also expect to pursue additional opportunities that will further expand our opportunity, including new potential applications of our single cell, spatial and in situ technologies in the future. 
 We believe the opportunity can also be assessed through the application areas of our tools and the types of questions that researchers are looking to answer. We estimate that there are four categories of research areas: 
 1. Cell Atlassing. This refers to research that is looking to identify the cellular and molecular building blocks of tissues and work that allows for a baseline characterization of the cells in a system. We estimate this opportunity is 2 billion; 
 2. Genetic Mechanisms. This refers to research to determine the role of genetics in biological processes and understand genes and their function. We estimate this opportunity is 2 billion; 
 3. Cellular and Molecular Biology. This refers to research to understand the functions of specific gene, protein or cellular pathways. We estimate this opportunity is 5 billion; and 
 4. Translational. This refers to research that applies biological learnings to improve human health. Whether for clinical research, within research hospitals or within biopharmaceutical companies, translational research is typically completed by researchers who are looking to understand human tissues and to discover biomarkers or test and develop therapeutics with the goal of impacting human health and disease. We estimate this opportunity is 7 billion. 
 Growth of our opportunity is also driven by a broad and increasing range of applications for our solutions. Our solutions can be used in many different applications, including basic biology, oncology and immuno-oncology, genetic disease, neurological disease, autoimmunity, infectious disease, the human microbiome and many others. In the Century of Biology, we believe that 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 the mastery of biology will create advances and benefits for a broad and growing range of industries including broader segments of the healthcare industry and beyond. 
 Our competitive strengths 
 We believe our continued growth will be driven by the following competitive strengths: 
 Our position as a leader in a large and growing market. Since launching our first product in mid-2015 through December 31, 2022, cumulatively we have sold 4,630 instruments and we serve thousands of researchers globally. We have fostered deep relationships with many key opinion leaders and as of December 31, 2022, our customers included all of the top 100 global research institutions as ranked by Nature in 2021 based on publications and all of the top 20 global biopharmaceutical companies by 2021 research and development spend. Our products are an important part of our customers workflow and a significant portion of them utilize more than one of our solutions. Our technologies have become a vital tool for biological research. To date, more than 4,500 peer-reviewed articles have been published based on data generated using our products. Our position as a leader in this market allows us to form deep partnerships with our customers who help us stay on the frontiers of biology, giving us insight on industry needs that inform our product strategy and providing us with a strong competitive advantage. 
 Our proprietary technologies. Through multiple years of development, acquisition and in-licensing, we have amassed a core set of technologies and intellectual property rights that form the foundation of our growing suite of products and solutions. These technologies, including instruments, assays and software, combine a diverse set of disciplines, including chemistry, molecular biology, microfluidics, hardware, computational biology and software engineering. Our technologies underlie features and performance that differentiate our products from the competition. Further, many of these technological elements can be utilized across multiple products, enabling us to leverage our existing infrastructure and investment when building future products, increasing the speed of product development and product performance. Worldwide we own or exclusively in-license over 700 issued or allowed patents and more than 1,050 pending patent applications as of December 31, 2022. In addition to these owned and exclusively licensed patents and pending patent applications, we also license patents on a non-exclusive and/or territory restricted basis. Our intellectual property portfolio includes important patents and patent applications directed to single cell analysis, epigenomics, spatial analysis, in situ analysis and multi-omics. 
 Our rigorous product development processes and scalable infrastructure. We have implemented a rigorous and systematic product development process by which our vision can be efficiently translated into commercial products. We develop our products over a set of defined phases delineated by validating multifunctional reviews, which ensure our teams remain focused on quality, efficiency and profitability. This process allows many highly focused teams to execute on separate product development efforts in parallel while drawing effectively on the resources and capabilities of the company. We have also built extensive technological and operational infrastructure to support the efficient execution of these teams. This infrastructure includes multiple technological investments across a range of areas, including custom barcoded gel bead production, microfluidic chip manufacturing, scalable high-performance computation and automated software productization and testing tools. This infrastructure can be drawn on to develop new products and improved versions of our existing products with high quality at a rapid pace. 
 Our customer experience and broad commercial reach. We believe in providing our customers with a high-quality experience from start to finish: starting with a collection of validated methods for preparation of samples to be run on our systems and ending with extensive software to aid in analysis and visualization of the data generated. We have also built comprehensive product testing and quality control into our culture and processes to help guarantee the performance of our products in customer hands. As of December 31, 2022, we employed a commercial team of 453 full time employees. This includes an extensive and highly specialized customer service infrastructure with technical specialists covering multiple areas of expertise, including experimental biology, tissue analysis and handling and software. Many members of our sales and customer service teams have a PhD degree and have significant industry experience. Both our sales and customer service teams help ensure our customers are successful in designing and executing their experiments and have a positive experience with our products. 
 Our experienced multidisciplinary team . At 10x, we have built a multidisciplinary team with talent and expertise across a diverse set of areas such as chemistry, molecular biology, microfluidics, hardware, computational biology and software engineering who are committed to identifying and addressing problems at the forefront of biology. We have supplemented our diverse technical experience by assembling an operational team with expertise in manufacturing, legal, sales, marketing, customer service, human resources and finance. We believe this confluence of talent from multiple disciplines at 10x allows us to stay ahead of our competitors by identifying highly impactful opportunities and building products and solutions that address these opportunities. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our growth strategy 
 Our growth strategy includes the following key elements: 
 Develop critical enabling technologies . Just as our past success is attributable to our innovative technologies, we believe that our future growth will be driven in large part by our significant continued investment in research and development. We aim to build platforms, consumables and software that further our goals of interrogating, understanding and mastering biological systems at the needed resolution and scale and drive adoption by delivering better insights, workflows and cost structure. We prioritize innovations that meet large unmet market needs, such as measuring novel biological analytes with key functional impact at the single cell level or with spatial context. We design our products to facilitate the expansion of single cell approaches into more areas of academic research, to increase adoption of single cell approaches in translational and biopharmaceutical applications and to harness the emergence of spatial biology as a bridge between genomics and pathology. We expect that our investments in research and development will allow us to increase our penetration of our accessible markets. 
 Expand sales of our instruments . Since our commercial launch in mid-2015 through December 31, 2022, cumulatively we have sold 4,630 instruments and serve thousands of researchers globally. We will target new customers in addition to expanding the number of 10x instruments within institutions that have already recognized the significant value of our technology. A portion of our current laboratory customers do not yet own a 10x instrument, but rather gain access to one of our instruments through an adjacent lab or core facility within the institution. These customers are substantial and easily accessible and therefore represent an opportunity for future instrument sales. We also intend to expand our existing geographic reach, both directly and through distributors. 
 Strengthen use and adoption of our consumables . Our instruments are designed to be used exclusively with our consumables. This closed system generates recurring revenue from consumables tied to each instrument we sell. We plan to drive wider adoption of our products within the workflows of our existing customers. For example, although many biopharmaceutical companies use our products in early drug discovery phases from target identification to validation and across multiple sites, we believe that as our applications are increasingly incorporated into later stages in the drug development process, the amount of our consumables used will grow. We have a dedicated global strategic sales, marketing and business development team to support the adoption cycle by biopharmaceutical companies. We have also added new instruments to our instrument lineup which are aimed at addressing new customer use cases and driving higher consumable revenue growth including our Chromium Connect instrument in 2020, Chromium X Series in 2021 and Visium CytAssist instrument and Xenium Analyzer in 2022. We also plan to demonstrate new applications using our solutions, including applications that synergistically use multiple 10x solutions, to investigate the potential clinical utility of single cell and spatial approaches enabled by our solutions. 
 Identify the most relevant technologies, create or acquire such technologies and develop them into new products . Over the years, we have developed, acquired or in-licensed a core set of technologies and associated intellectual property rights across a broad range of emerging areas within biology and life sciences. The ability to identify these core technologies and capabilities has complemented our internal product development process and enhanced our growing suite of products and solutions. We will continue to identify and acquire or in-license technologies and intellectual property rights that accelerate the development of new features and products or complement our existing features, products and technologies. For instance, we acquired Epinomics, Inc. Epinomics and Spatial Transcriptomics Holdings AB Spatial Transcriptomics in 2018, obtaining technology and intellectual property that formed the foundation of our ATAC-seq assay and Visium platform, respectively. We acquired ReadCoor, Inc. ("ReadCoor") and CartaNA AB ("CartaNA") in 2020, obtaining intellectual property, key technology advances and deep talent and expertise in the emerging in situ field and when combined with internal innovations formed the foundation for our Xenium platform. Additionally, in January 2021 we acquired Tetramer Shop ApS, a developer and provider of reagents for precise monitoring of antigen-specific T cells in research and development, enabling us to strengthen our efforts in immunology. We commercialized this technology with our BEAM-T product in 2022. 
 Peer-reviewed scientific publications using our products 
 To date, we estimate that more than 4,500 peer-reviewed articles have been published based on data generated using our products. More than 550 of these articles were published in three of the most highly regarded journals: Cell , Nature and Science . Underscoring the reach of our products, these publications cover a wide range of research and applied areas from cell biology to genetic health to neuroscience with the top three areas of publication, according to our estimates, being oncology, immunology and developmental biology. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Recent publications describe, for example, the use of our products to: 
 Understand the heterogeneity driving treatment resistance in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; 
 Characterize early kinetics in tumor-infiltrating and circulating immune cells in oral cancer patients treated with immune checkpoint blockade therapy in a clinical trial; 
 Investigate why human ovarian cancer is poorly responsive to immunotherapy; and 
 Create a cell atlas of the adult human cerebrovasculature by profiling single cell transcriptomes of brain cells to reveal the geographical organization of molecularly defined cerebrovascular cell types in the human brain by using spatial transcriptomics. 
 Research and development 
 Our research and development teams have designed and developed our proprietary products using an interdisciplinary approach that combines expertise across the fields of chemistry, molecular biology, microfluidics, hardware, computational biology and software engineering. Our research and development groups work together in cross-functional project teams, an approach that has been key to our success to date. Our research and development teams are currently located in our headquarters in Pleasanton, California, in Stockholm, Sweden and in Singapore. 
 The overarching goals of our research and development programs are to continue to bring new technologies to market that address the most pressing questions in biology and to provide exponential advances in human health. To this end, we plan to focus our research and development efforts on the following areas: 
 Improve the performance of our existing solutions . We plan to improve our existing assays and software. These improvements may provide increased sensitivity to capture greater amounts of signal from biological analytes, allow broader types of biological samples to be interrogated with our solutions and increase the amount of biological information that can be obtained using our software. 
 Develop new solutions for our Chromium platform . We plan to expand the range of solutions that are available on our Chromium platform to allow researchers access to new types of starting sample types and biological information. For example, in 2022, we launched our Single Cell Gene Expression Flex Kit which allows researchers to measure gene activity on a cell-by-cell basis from samples that are fresh, fixed with paraformaldehyde (PFA) or formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) and our Nuclei Isolation kit which provides a simple, scalable workflow to make frozen tissues and previously challenging sample types more accessible for routine single cell analysis. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Develop new solutions for our Visium platform . In 2019, we introduced the first product on our Visium platform, which offers high spatial resolution, high sensitivity, efficient workflow and analysis and visualization software. We launched the Visium Spatial Proteogenomics solution providing the capability of combining whole transcriptome analysis and immunofluorescence protein detection within the same tissue section in 2020. In 2021, we launched Visium Spatial Gene Expression for FFPE enabling Visium to be applied to FFPE tissues with similarly high sensitivity and the same spatial resolution as fresh frozen samples. In 2022, we launched the Visium CytAssist, an instrument designed to simplify the Visium solution workflow by facilitating the transfer of transcriptomic probes from standard glass slides to Visium slides. Along with the launch of the instrument, we also launched the Visium Spatial Gene Expression for FFPE on CytAssist, enabling our Visium for FFPE product to be used with the CytAssist instrument. We are working to develop new technologies for our Visium platform that will further enhance the spatial resolution, usability and automation of our platform. 
 Develop new solutions for our Xenium platform . In 2022, we launched our Xenium Human Breast Gene Expression Panel for high-resolution cell typing of breast tissues and characterization of breast cancer disease states, including tumor microenvironments, and our Xenium Mouse Brain Gene Expression Panel enabling high-resolution cell typing of mouse brain tissue. 
 Improve and develop new capabilities for our instruments . We plan to develop new capabilities that would improve the usability and increase the performance of our instruments by increasing automation, throughput, workflow visibility or troubleshooting capabilities. 
 Develop combined software and workflows across multiple solutions. Our platforms are highly synergistic and leverage shared technologies, workflows and software. We plan to develop workflows that enable users to run multiple assays on the same biological samples and software that simultaneously analyzes the data generated from these multiple assays. We plan to do this for key solution combinations where the information obtained from the two solutions is highly complementary. 
 Investigate and develop new technologies . We will seek to both develop and acquire new technologies that could be additive to or complementary with our current portfolio. For example, in 2020, we acquired ReadCoor and CartaNA, which when combined with internal innovations formed the basis of our Xenium platform. 
 Our research and development costs were 265.7 million and 211.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 448 employees in research and development. Looking forward, we will continue to invest in efforts to support the ongoing development of our instruments, consumables and software across all three of our platforms, as well as enhance the overall performance of our solutions. 
 Commercial 
 Commercial team 
 Since launching our first product in mid-2015, we have expanded our commercial operations and now sell our products in 50 countries. Our customers primarily include academic, government, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and other institutions focused on life sciences research. We sell our products primarily through our own direct sales force in North America and certain regions of Europe. As of December 31, 2022, our commercial organization consisted of 453 full time employees, many with PhD degrees and many with significant industry experience. We sell our products through third-party distributors in Asia, certain regions of Europe, Oceania, South America, the Middle East and Africa. 
 For both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no single customer, including distributors, represented greater than 10 of our business. For both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, sales to academic institutions represented approximately 61 and 60 of our direct sales revenue, respectively. We expect that sales to biopharmaceutical companies will represent a growing proportion of our revenue in the future. 
 Commercial strategy 
 Our products are integrated solutions comprised of instruments, consumables and software. We aim to drive customer adoption and sales of our instruments which then forms a base of users who drive revenue by purchasing our consumables. Our products are designed to be easy to install and use without the need for extensive training. 
 Our customers primarily include academic, government, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and other institutions. Our strategy typically involves targeting key opinion leaders during the initial phase of our product launches, after which we aim to expand adoption of our products across a broader base of customers. As our customer base has grown, we have been able to sell more 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 instruments to accelerate the adoption of new solutions. Over half of our customers purchased our consumables relating to more than one of our solutions in both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Our commercial strategy focuses on ensuring our customers are successful with our products. These successes often result in publications which can drive increased public awareness and further market adoption. Since our first product launch in 2015, there have been more than 4,500 publications by researchers using data generated by our products. 
 Our sales and marketing efforts are targeted at the principal investigators, research scientists, department heads, research laboratory directors and core facility directors at leading academic institutions, biopharmaceutical companies and publicly and privately funded research institutions who control buying decisions. Due to the pricing of our instruments and consumables, the buying decision is typically made by the principal investigator rather than by committee or department chair, which we believe simplifies the purchasing decision and has helped accelerate adoption of our products. 
 We also target researchers who do not own their own 10x instrument, but who have access to one, which we refer to as halo users. By sharing one instrument across groups within an institution, multiple halo users are able to utilize the instrument for their own research and experiments. Halo users help drive consumable revenue and utilization of our consumable products and may become future purchasers of a 10x instrument. 
 The use of our Chromium and Visium products requires the access to, but not necessarily the ownership of, a third-party sequencer. Since third-party sequencers are often accessible as a shared resource and because our Xenium platform does not require the use of a third-party sequencer, our target customer base is broader than those who own a third-party sequencer. 
 We increase awareness of our products among our target customers through direct sales calls, trade shows, seminars, academic conferences, web presence, social media and other forms of internet marketing. We supplement these traditional marketing efforts by fostering an active online community of users of our products consisting of communities, forums and blogs with internally generated and user-generated content. We also provide education and training resources, both online and in person. 
 Suppliers and manufacturing 
 Consumables 
 The majority of our consumable products are manufactured in-house at our facilities in Singapore and in Pleasanton, California. These manufacturing operations include: gel bead generation, surfactant synthesis and emulsion oil formulation, reagent formulation and tube filling, microfluidic chip manufacturing, kit assembly and packaging as well as analytical and functional quality control testing. Our Pleasanton, California and Singapore manufacturing operations are ISO 9001:2015 certified, which covers design, development, manufacturing, distribution, service and sales. 
 We obtain some components of our consumables from third-party suppliers. While some of these components are sourced from a single supplier, we have qualified second sources for some, but not all, of our critical reagents, enzymes and oligonucleotides. We believe that having dual sources for our components helps reduce the risk of a production delay caused by a disruption in the supply of a critical component. For further discussion of the risks relating to our third-party suppliers, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry We and our customers are dependent on single source and sole source suppliers for some of the equipment, components and materials used in our products and in conjunction with our products and the loss of any of these suppliers could harm our business. " 
 Instruments 
 We outsource manufacturing for our Chromium and Visium CytAssist instruments to qualified contract manufacturers who have represented to us that they maintain ISO 13485 certification. Our Chromium Connect includes an automated workflow liquid handling robot which is manufactured by our partner. 
 Human Capital 
 At 10x, our success begins with our people. We are led by a talented, global and diverse team of scientists, software developers and subject matter experts who help drive adoption of our products and support our vision. We have built a multidisciplinary team with talent and expertise across a diverse set of areas such as chemistry, molecular biology, microfluidics, hardware, computational biology and software engineering, and have supplemented this diverse technical experience with our operational team with expertise in manufacturing, legal, sales, marketing, customer service, human resources and finance. As of 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022, we employed a total of 1,243 individuals, 931 of whom were employed in the United States and 312 of whom were employed outside the United States. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our employees included 448 in research and development, 453 in sales, marketing and support, 213 in general and administrative and 129 in manufacturing, many of whom hold PhDs in their respective disciplines. Additionally, most of our senior management team and the members of our board of directors hold PhDs and/or other advanced degrees. Our Company's scientific expertise is therefore embedded within the management team and throughout the organization. We are very proud to say that some of the world-leading experts in chemistry, molecular biology, microfluidics, hardware, computational biology and software engineering work and thrive at 10x. Our employees are highly motivated by our mission. 
 We continue to emphasize employee development and training. We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. We provide our employees with competitive salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership and development programs that enable continued learning and growth. In addition, we regularly conduct an employee survey to gauge employee engagement and identify areas of focus. 
 We have never experienced a work stoppage. In addition, none of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. In our international territories, apart from standard industry-wide labor unions and compulsory collective bargaining agreements, such as in Italy where we have fewer than ten employees, none of our employees are represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be positive. 
 Competition 
 The life sciences market is highly competitive. Companies, both established and early stage, have introduced products for, among other things, genomics analysis, single cell analysis, spatial analysis and in situ analysis. Additional companies, including both early stage and established, have indicated that they are designing, manufacturing and marketing products to compete with us or that they intend to do so in the future. Some of these companies may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do, including larger research and development staff or larger, more established marketing, distribution, service and sales organizations. In addition, they may have greater name recognition than we do. Other competitors are in the process of developing novel technologies for the life sciences market which may lead to products that rival or replace our products. We expect new competitors to emerge and the intensity of competition to increase. 
 We believe we are differentiated from our competitors for many reasons, including our position as a leader in a large and growing market, advanced proprietary technologies protected by substantial intellectual property, rigorous product development processes and scalable infrastructure, superior customer experience and multidisciplinary teams. We believe our customers favor our products and company because of these differentiators. 
 For further discussion of the risks we face relating to competition, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry Our industry is highly competitive. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and operating results will suffer . 
 Government regulation 
 The development, research, testing, manufacturing, marketing, post-market surveillance, distribution, packaging, import, export, sales, advertising, promotion and labeling of medical devices are subject to regulation in the United States by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDC Act and outside the United States by comparable state and international agencies such as the national competent authorities of the European Union EU member states and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency in the United Kingdom. The FDC Act defines a medical device to include, among other things, any instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent or other similar or related article, including any component part or accessory, which is (1) intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease, in man or other animals, or (2) intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals and which does not achieve any of its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of any of its primary intended purposes. Pursuant to its authority under the FDC Act, the FDA has jurisdiction over medical devices, which are defined to include, among other things, in vitro diagnostic devices IVDs ). In the EU, until May 25, 2022, IVDs were regulated by Directive 98/79/EC EU IVDD ), which has been repealed and replaced by Regulation (EU) No 2017/746 EU IVDR ). The EU IVDR establishes a modernized and more robust EU legislative framework, with the aim of ensuring better protection of public health and patient safety. Unlike the EU IVDD, the EU IVDR is directly 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 applicable in all EU member states without the need for member states to implement into national law. This aims at reducing the risk of discrepancies in interpretation across the different European markets. The EU IVDR became applicable on May 26, 2022. The EU IVDR defines an IVD as any medical device which is a reagent, reagent product, calibrator, control material, kit, instrument, apparatus, piece of equipment, software or system, whether used alone or in combination, intended by the manufacturer to be used in vitro for the examination of specimens, including blood and tissue donations, derived from the human body, solely or principally for the purpose of providing information on one or more of the following: (a) concerning a physiological or pathological process or state; (b) concerning congenital physical or mental impairments; (c) concerning the predisposition to a medical condition or a disease; (d) to determine the safety and compatibility with potential recipients; (e) to predict treatment response or reactions; (f) to define or monitor therapeutic measures. National competent authorities of the EU member states enforce compliance with medical devices (including IVDs) requirements. The EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area EEA (which consists of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland). 
 
 We believe that our current products are not medical devices within the meaning of the FDC Act and foreign regulations applicable in countries where we market our products, such as the EU IVDR in the EU, but we nevertheless market our products for research use only RUO ). IVDs that are marketed for RUO are not intended for use in a clinical investigation or for clinical diagnostic use outside an investigation and must be labeled For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures. Products that are intended for RUO and are properly labeled as RUO are exempt from compliance with the FDA s requirements applicable to medical devices more generally, including the requirements for clearance or approval and compliance with manufacturing requirements known as the Quality System Regulation. In the EU, the EU IVDR clearly indicates that it does not apply to products or general laboratory use or research-use only products, unless such products, in view of their characteristics, are specifically intended by their manufacturer to be used for in vitro diagnostic examination," and that a device intended to be used for research purposes, without any medical objective, shall not be deemed to be a device for performance study. To be categorized as an RUO product, the product must have no intended medical purpose or objective. Consequently, products labeled as RUO are essentially not subject to compliance with the EU IVDR requirements such as conformity with general and safety requirements laid down in the EU IVDR. Depending on the products in question, other regulations may be applicable to the RUO products. A product labeled RUO but intended to be used diagnostically may be viewed by the FDA or foreign authorities as adulterated and misbranded under the FDC Act or foreign regulations and subject to FDA or foreign authorities enforcement action. The FDA or foreign authorities may consider the totality of the circumstances surrounding distribution and use of an RUO product, including how the product is marketed, when determining its intended use. 
 Although we currently market our products as RUO, we may in the future develop products intended to be used for clinical or diagnostic purposes, which would result in the application of a more onerous set of FDA and foreign regulatory requirements. Generally, unless an exemption applies, each new or significantly modified medical device we may seek to commercially distribute in the United States will require either a premarket notification to the FDA requesting permission for commercial distribution under Section 510(k) of the FDC Act, also referred to as a 510(k) clearance, or approval from the FDA of an application for premarket approval PMA ). In the EU, there is currently no premarket government review of medical devices (including IVDs). However, all IVDs placed on the EU market must meet general and safety requirements of the EU IVDR including the requirement that an IVD must be designed and manufactured in such a way that, during normal conditions of use, it is suitable for its intended purpose. IVDs must be safe and effective and must not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and where applicable other persons, provided that any risks which may be associated with their use constitute acceptable risks when weighed against the benefits to the patient and are compatible with a high level of protection of health and safety, taking into account the generally acknowledged state of the art. Compliance with general and safety requirements of the EU IVDR is a prerequisite for European conformity marking CE mark without which IVDs cannot be marketed or sold in the EU. The 510(k) clearance, PMA and CE mark processes can be resource intensive, expensive and lengthy, and require payment of significant (user) fees. Medical devices are also subject to post-market requirements. Failure to comply with applicable regulations can result in enforcement actions such as warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties, termination of distribution, recalls or seizures of products, delays in the introduction of products into the market, total or partial suspension of production, refusal to grant future clearances, approvals or certifications or withdrawals or suspensions of existing clearances, approvals or certifications. 
 Intellectual property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain, maintain, enforce and defend intellectual property rights owned or licensed to us that are directed to our products and technology. We utilize a variety of intellectual property protection strategies, including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyright and other methods of protecting proprietary information. Worldwide we own or exclusively in-license over 700 issued or allowed patents and more than 1,050 pending patent applications as of December 31, 2022. We also license additional patents on a non-exclusive and/or territory restricted basis. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We seek trademark registration to protect key trademarks such as our 10X, 10X GENOMICS, CHROMIUM, VISIUM and XENIUM marks, however, we have not yet registered all of our trademarks in all of our current and potential markets. We own registered trademarks on 10X GENOMICS and product related brand names in the United States and worldwide. 
 Pursuant to certain license agreements, we in-license rights under certain U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications from third parties directed to our products and technology. Some of these agreements grant us an exclusive right to practice the licensed intellectual property rights in a specific field and/or territory, and are subject to customary restrictions. We may also be obligated to pay our licensors certain milestones, royalties and/or other contingent payments. Subject to customary termination rights, such exclusive license agreements typically will expire upon the last valid claim included in the licensed patents expires or, in some cases, upon our failure to achieve specified sales volume thresholds. Certain of these agreements also require that any products that are covered by the licensed patents be substantially manufactured in the United States. 
 In September 2013, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with the President and Fellows of Harvard University Harvard ), pursuant to which we in-license exclusive, worldwide rights under certain of Harvard s patents and patents applications in the field of sequencing sample preparation and single cell analysis Harvard Agreement ). Subject to the terms of the Harvard Agreement, we are required to pay Harvard a low single-digit royalty percentage, based on the net revenue of certain products that are covered by the patents and patent applications licensed under the Harvard Agreement, payable until the last to expire of the valid claims included in such licensed patents and patent applications. The Harvard Agreement is projected to expire in 2034. 
 In connection with our acquisition of Spatial Transcriptomics, we are required to make contingent payments to the sellers based on revenue from sales of Spatial Transcriptomics products and Visium products, for the years ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2022. These contingent payments are equal to a percentage in the teens multiplied by such revenue. 
 In September 2020, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University Stanford ), pursuant to which we in-license exclusive, worldwide rights under certain of Stanford s patents and patents applications directed to ATAC-seq technology in all field of use Stanford Agreement ). Subject to the terms of the Stanford Agreement, we are required to pay Stanford a low single-digit royalty percentage based on the net revenue of certain ATAC-seq products that are covered by the patents and patent applications licensed under the Stanford Agreement, payable until the last to expire of the valid claims included in such licensed patents and patent applications. The initial exclusivity period of the Stanford Agreement terminates in 2025, provided, we have the option to extend the exclusivity period for additional one-year terms if we meet certain minimum sales thresholds beginning in 2025. If the exclusivity period ends or we fail to extend the exclusivity period, we retain a non-exclusive license under the licensed patents and patent applications. The Stanford Agreement is projected to expire in 2038. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made aggregate contingent and royalty payments under the Spatial Transcriptomics acquisition agreement, Stanford license agreement and Harvard license agreement, collectively, of less than 12.8 million and 12.0 million , respectively. We expect the size of these payments to grow as our business grows. 
 The patents we own expire beginning in 2030 and the patents we exclusively in-license expire beginning in 2028. 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. We cannot provide any assurance that any of our current or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, or that any of our current or future issued patents will effectively protect any of our products or technology from infringement or prevent others from developing, manufacturing or commercializing products or technology that infringe, breach or violate our intellectual property rights. 
 For further discussion of the risks relating to intellectual property, see the sections titled Risk Factors Risks related to our intellectual property, information technology and data security and Risk Factors Risks related to litigation and our intellectual property . 
 Data Privacy and Security 
 Numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and standards govern the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information, and could apply now or in the future to our operations or the operations of our partners. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 of personal data, including health-related data. Privacy and security laws, regulations and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. 
 Corporate information 
 We were incorporated in the State of Delaware on July 2, 2012 under the name Avante Biosystems, Inc. We changed our name to 10X Technologies, Inc. in September 2012 and to 10x Genomics, Inc. in November 2014. Our principal executive offices are located at 6230 Stoneridge Mall Road, Pleasanton, California 94588, and our telephone number is (925) 401-7300. We completed our initial public offering in September 2019, and our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol TXG. 
 Available information 
 Our website is located at https://www.10xgenomics.com, and our investor relations website is located at https://investors.10xgenomics.com. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The following filings are available through our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ): Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and our Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders. These filings are also available for download free of charge through a link on our investor relations website. The SEC also maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes and the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report, before deciding whether to invest in our Class A common stock. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 
 Risks related to our business and industry: 
 Fluctuations in our operating results due to a variety of factors; 
 Our ability to generate sufficient revenue, to become free cash flow positive and to achieve and maintain profitability; 
 Our ability to generate revenue from recently introduced products; 
 Our dependency on research and development spending by research institutions; 
 Our ability to compete effectively; 
 Our ability and the ability of our partners to ship and manufacture products to the necessary specifications and quantities, and within necessary timeframes, to meet demand; 
 The ability of suppliers to meet our needs and the needs of our customers; 
 Our products are specialized, complex and difficult to manufacture and we could experience production problems, including in sourcing raw materials and undetected errors and defects in our solutions; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to increase penetration into our existing markets; 
 Our ability to develop new products and enhance the capabilities of our existing products; 
 Our dependency on revenue generated from the sale of our Chromium solutions; 
 Our ability to effectively manage product transitions and forecast customer demand, including for our Chromium X Series; 
 The success of our products in achieving and sustaining scientific acceptance; 
 Doing business internationally, including in China; and 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our customers and suppliers as well as on our operations, including supply chain disruptions, logistics, shipping and other distribution disruptions and labor shortages. 
 Risks related to our regulatory environment and taxation: 
 Our products could become subject to more onerous government regulation; 
 Enhanced trade tariffs, import restrictions, export restrictions, Chinese regulations or other trade barriers; 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers; and 
 Ethical, legal, privacy and social concerns or governmental restrictions surrounding the use of the genomic and multi-omic information and gene editing. 
 Risks related to our intellectual property, information technology and data security: 
 Our success will depend on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights; and 
 Our dependence on certain intellectual property rights that are licensed to us. 
 Risks related to litigation and our intellectual property: 
 Our potential involvement in lawsuits in connection with intellectual property rights; and 
 Our ability to effectively protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 Risks related to ownership of our Class A common stock: 
 The multi-class structure of our common stock; and 
 The requirement of our bylaws that the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders. 
 General risks: 
 Our ability to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business; and 
 The volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The summary risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below in this section entitled Risk Factors and the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents that we file with the SEC. The risks summarized above or described in full below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not precisely known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects. 
 Risks related to our business and industry 
 Our operating results have in the past fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 the level of demand for our products, which may vary significantly and result in excess capacity expenses, our ability to accurately forecast such demand and our ability to increase penetration in our existing markets and expand into new markets; 
 general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors; 
 the success of our recently introduced products and new versions of existing products, and our ability to generate revenue for such products, and the introduction of other new products or product enhancements by us or others in our industry; 
 risks related to our business in China, including potential impacts of COVID-19, competition or other factors; 
 changes in governmental funding of life sciences research and development or other changes that impact budgets, budget cycles or seasonal or other spending patterns of our customers; 
 changes in product mix, particularly from newly introduced products with lower gross margins; 
 the volume and mix of our instrument and consumable sales or changes in the manufacturing or sales costs related to our instruments and consumables; 
 differences in purchasing patterns across our customer base, including potential differences in consumables spending between early adopters of our solutions and more recent customers and variances in rates of increase of consumables spending following new instrument purchases, some of which may be compounded by impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the timing of our price increases; 
 our ability and the ability of our partners to successfully manufacture our instruments and consumables in necessary quantities at necessary quality, including due to the impacts of supply chain disruptions, logistics, shipping and other distribution disruptions and labor shortages; 
 shortages, delays, production problems, distribution and quality issues with the materials we purchase for manufacturing, which could impact our ability to manufacture and ship our instruments, consumables and related components; 
 our inability or the inability of our customers to source our products or necessary equipment, components and materials used in our products or in conjunction with our products because of issues with suppliers, including supply chain disruptions, logistics, shipping and other distribution disruptions and labor shortages; 
 the timing and amount of expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional products and technologies or for other purposes; 
 our dependence and the dependence of our customers on single source and sole source suppliers for some of the equipment, components and materials used in our products or in conjunction with our products; 
 the effects of inflation on us or our customers, manufacturers and suppliers, including increases in the cost of labor and materials; 
 our ability to successfully integrate personnel, technology and other assets that we acquire into our company; 
 difficulties encountered by our commercial carriers in delivering our instruments or consumables, whether as a result of external factors such as weather, customs or import processes, transportation bottlenecks, port lockdowns or slowdowns or fuel shortages or internal issues such as labor disputes or difficulties hiring and retaining adequate staffing; 
 higher than anticipated warranty costs; 
 the timing and amount of expenditures (including success fees) related to litigation, as well as the outcomes of and related rulings in the litigation and administrative proceedings which may vary substantially from quarter to quarter; 
 the outcome of any current or future litigation or governmental investigations involving us or other third parties; 
 changes in customer payment timing trends including potential increases in the days sales outstanding (DSO); 
 future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; 
 expenses related to our facilities and real estate portfolio, including construction projects; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 disruptions in customers on-going experiments or interruptions in the ability of our customers to complete research projects, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 reductions in or other difficulties relating to staffing, capacity, shutdowns or slowdowns of laboratories and other institutions, such as reduced or delayed spending on instruments or consumables due to reductions in or other difficulties relating to staffing, capacity, shutdowns or slowdowns of laboratories and other institutions in which our instruments and solutions are used; 
 the impacts of geopolitical issues, infectious disease, epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19 outbreaks and resurgences on our business operations and on the business operations of our customers, manufacturers and suppliers; and 
 the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 The cumulative effects of the factors discussed above could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any guidance we may provide, or if the guidance we provide is below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met or exceeded any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide. 
 Our business currently depends significantly on research and development spending by research institutions, a reduction in which could limit demand for our products and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 In the near term, we expect that a large portion of our revenue will continue to be derived from sales of Chromium, Visium and Xenium products, including our instruments and consumables, to research institutions. As a result, the demand for our products will depend upon purchasing patterns of these customers, the ability of such customers to adequately staff, access and utilize labs and conduct research, the research and development budgets of these customers and the ability of such customers to receive funding for research, all of which are impacted by factors beyond our control, such as: 
 decreases in funding of research and development; 
 changes in our customers' research priorities; 
 macroeconomic conditions; 
 scientists and customers opinions of the utility of recently introduced products or services; 
 competitor product offerings or pricing; 
 risks related to our business in China, including potential impacts from COVID-19, local competitors or other factors: 
 changes in, availability of or interruptions to funding or other incentives for our customers, including VAT and import tax exemptions available or potentially available to certain of our customers in China, including administrative or other delays in funding or incentive award processes, changes in the amount of funds or other incentives allocated to different areas of research, changes that have the effect of increasing the length of the funding or incentive award process, or the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a resurgence of COVID-19 on our customers and potential customers and their sources of funding or other incentives; 
 our inability or the inability of our customers to source products or necessary equipment, components and materials used in our products or in conjunction with our products because of issues with suppliers or distribution networks, including those that may arise from a resurgence of COVID-19, including supply chain disruptions, logistics, shipping and other distribution disruptions and labor shortages; 
 citation of new products or services in published research; 
 changes in the regulatory environment; 
 differences in budgetary cycles; 
 market-driven pressures to consolidate operations and reduce costs; 
 reductions in or other difficulties relating to staffing, capacity, slowdowns or shutdowns of laboratories or other institutions in which our solutions are used, including those that may arise from a resurgence of COVID-19, including reduced or 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 delayed spending on instruments or consumables due to reductions in or other difficulties relating to staffing, capacity, slowdowns or shutdowns of laboratories or other institutions in which our solutions are used; and 
 market acceptance of relatively new technologies, such as ours. 
 In addition, various state, federal and international agencies that provide grants and other funding may be subject to stringent budgetary constraints that could result in spending reductions, reduced grant making, reduced allocations or budget cutbacks, which could jeopardize the ability of these customers, or the customers to whom they provide funding, to purchase our products. For example, congressional appropriations to the National Institutes of Health (the NIH have generally increased year-over-year in recent years, but the NIH also experiences occasional year-over-year decreases in appropriations. In addition, funding for life sciences research has increased more slowly during the past several years compared to previous years and has actually declined in some countries. There is no guarantee that NIH appropriations will not decrease in the future. A decrease in the amount of, or delay in the approval of, appropriations to NIH or other similar United States or international organizations, such as the Medical Research Council in the United Kingdom, could result in fewer grants benefiting life sciences research. These reductions or delays could also result in a decrease in the aggregate amount of grants awarded for life sciences research or the redirection of existing funding to other projects or priorities, any of which in turn could cause our customers and potential customers to reduce or delay purchases of our products. Our operating results may fluctuate substantially due to any such reductions and delays. Any decrease in our customers budgets or expenditures, or in the size, scope or frequency of their capital or operating expenditures, including impacts stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our customers may encounter problems in hiring and retaining the personnel needed to utilize our products or train others to use our products, which could result in decreased demand for our products and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, the research of our customers often requires long uninterrupted studies performed on a consistent basis over time. Reductions in or other difficulties relating to staffing, capacity, lab slowdowns or shutdowns or interruptions in the ability of our customers to complete research projects, including reductions in staffing, capacity, slowdowns or shutdowns or interrupt ions stemming from a resurgence of COVID-19, could be particularly damaging to these studies, our customers and our business. 
 Our industry is highly competitive. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and operating results will suffer. 
 We face significant competition. We currently compete with both established and early-stage companies that have introduced products for, among other things, genomics analysis, single cell analysis, spatial analysis and in situ analysis. There are additional companies, including both early stage and established, that have indicated that they are designing, manufacturing and marketing products to compete with us or that they intend to do so in the future. Some of these companies may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do, including larger research and development staff or larger, more established marketing, distribution, service and sales organizations. In addition, they may have greater name recognition than we do. Other competitors are in the process of developing novel technologies for the life sciences market which may lead to products that rival or replace our products. We expect new competitors to emerge and the intensity of competition to increase. 
 We also face competition from researchers developing their own solutions. The area in which we compete involves rapid innovation and some of our customers have in the past, and more may in the future, elect to create their own platform or assays rather than rely on a third-party supplier such as ourselves. This is particularly true for the largest research centers and labs who are continually testing and trying new technologies, whether from a third-party vendor or developed internally. We also compete for the resources our customers allocate for purchasing a wide range of products used to analyze biological systems, some of which are additive to or complementary with our own but not directly competitive. 
 Our products may not compete favorably or be successful in the face of increasing competition from products and technologies introduced by our existing competitors, companies entering our markets or developed by our customers internally. In addition, our competitors may have or will in the future develop products or technologies that currently or in the future will enable them to produce competitive products with greater capabilities or at lower costs than ours or that are able to run comparable experiments at a lower total experiment cost. Any failure to compete effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We may be unable to consistently manufacture our instruments and consumables to the necessary specifications or in quantities necessary to meet demand at an acceptable cost or at an acceptable performance level. 
 Our products are integrated solutions with many different components that work together. As such, a quality defect in a single component can compromise the performance of the entire solution. Certain of our consumables are manufactured at our 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Pleasanton, California and Singapore facilities using complex processes, sophisticated equipment and strict adherence to specifications and quality systems procedures. Our Chromium and Visium CytAssist instruments are manufactured by our third-party manufacturers at their facilities. In order to successfully generate revenue from our products, we need to manufacture products that meet our specifications before we allow them to be shipped and to supply our customers with products that meet their expectations for quality and functionality in accordance with established specifications. In order to ensure we are able to meet these expectations, our Pleasanton, California manufacturing facilities, as well as the facilities of our third-party manufacturers, have obtained International Organization for Standardization ISO quality management certifications and employ other quality control measures. On occasion, our customers have experienced quality control and manufacturing defects and may again in the future. For example, a manufacturing defect in certain of our legacy Chromium Controllers resulted in an unacceptable level of LCD screen failures and we launched a free replacement program in 2018 to allow customers to replace affected LCD screens as a result. In addition, in the first half of 2023 we plan to move certain of our operations currently located in leased facilities in Pleasanton to a newly constructed facility located in Pleasanton which we own. We may experience operational delays or difficulties as a result of transitioning operations to our new facility, including if our equipment and materials are harmed or rendered inoperable as a result of the move, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, as we continue to grow and introduce new products, and as our products incorporate increasingly sophisticated technology, it will be increasingly difficult to ensure our products are produced in the necessary quantities without sacrificing quality and in the necessary timeframes. There is no assurance that we or our third-party manufacturers will be able to continue to manufacture our products so that they consistently achieve the product specifications, quality and volumes that meet our requirements or our customers' expectations. Certain of the raw materials we use and certain of our consumables have a shelf life, after which their performance is not ensured. Expiring raw materials could increase our operational costs and cause delays in manufacturing adequate volumes of our products within the timeframes required. Shipments of defective instruments or consumables to customers may result in recalls and warranty replacements, which would increase our costs, and depending upon current inventory levels and the availability and lead time for additional inventory, could lead to availability issues. Any future design issues, unforeseen manufacturing problems, such as contamination of our third-party manufacturer's facilities, equipment malfunctions, aging components, quality issues with components and materials sourced from third-party suppliers, or failures to strictly follow procedures or meet specifications, may have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and operating results and could result in us or our third-party manufacturers losing ISO quality management certifications. If we or our third-party manufacturers fail to manufacture products without defects that meet our specifications or maintain ISO quality management certifications, our customers might choose not to purchase products from us. Furthermore, we or our third-party manufacturers may not be able to increase manufacturing to meet anticipated demand or may experience downtime. 
 In addition, as we increase manufacturing capacity, we will also need to make corresponding improvements to other operational functions, such as our customer service and billing systems, compliance programs and our internal quality assurance programs. We will also need additional equipment, manufacturing and warehouse space and trained personnel to process higher volumes of products. We cannot assure you that any increases in scale, related improvements and quality assurance will be successfully implemented or that equipment, manufacturing and warehouse space and appropriate personnel will be available. As we develop additional products, we may need to bring new equipment online, implement new systems, technology, controls and procedures and hire personnel with different qualifications. Our ability to increase our manufacturing capacity at our Pleasanton, California and Singapore locations is complicated by the use of our proprietary equipment that is not readily available from third-party manufacturers. 
 The risk of manufacturing defects or quality control issues is generally higher for new products, whether produced by us or a third-party manufacturer, products that are transitioned from one manufacturer to another, particularly if manufacturing is transitioned or initiated with a manufacturer we have not worked with in the past, and products that are transferred from one manufacturing facility to another. Our current product roadmap calls for the introduction of new instruments and consumables, which may require that we utilize manufacturers with which we have little or no prior manufacturing experience and the risk of manufacturing defects or quality control issues could increase as a result. The expansion of our manufacturing capabilities could increase the risk of manufacturing defects or quality control issues in the consumables we manufacture. We and our third-party manufacturers may not be able to launch new products on time, transition manufacturing of existing products to new manufacturers, transition our manufacturing capabilities to a new location or transition manufacturing of any additional consumables in-house without manufacturing def ects. 
 An inability to manufacture products and components that consistently meet specifications, in necessary quantities and at commercially acceptable costs will have a negative impac t and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We and our customers are dependent on single source and sole source suppliers for some of the equipment, components and materials used in our products and in conjunction with our products and the loss of any of these suppliers could harm our business. 
 We do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers for the significant majority of the services, equipment, materials and components we use for the manufacture and delivery of our products. We also rely on single suppliers for certain equipment, materials and components. In many cases we do not have long term contracts with these suppliers, and even in the cases where we do, the contracts include significant qualifications that would make it extremely difficult for us to force the supplier to provide us with their services, equipment, materials or components should they choose not to do so. We are therefore subject to the risk that these third-party suppliers will not be able or willing to continue to provide us with equipment, materials and components that meet our needs, specifications, quality standards and delivery schedules. Factors that could impact our suppliers willingness and ability to continue to provide us with the required equipment, materials and components include shortages, alternative priorities, logistics, shipping or other distribution difficulties, disruption at or affecting our suppliers facilities, such as difficulties hiring and retaining adequate staffing, work stoppages or natural disasters, infectious disease, epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19 outbreaks and resurgences, adverse weather or other conditions that affect their supply, the financial condition of our suppliers, deterioration in our relationships with these suppliers or the decision by such suppliers to introduce products that compete directly with our solutions. If we are not able to obtain equipment, materials and components that meet our needs, specifications, quality standards and delivery schedule on satisfactory terms, our business will be harmed. Any increase in equipment, material and component costs or decrease in availability could reduce our sales, harm our gross margins or prevent us from timely delivering our products to our customers. 
 For example, we depend on a limited number of suppliers for enzymes and amplification mixes used in our consumables. In some cases, these manufacturers are the sole source of certain necessary enzymes and reagents. We do not have long-term contracts with most of these sole source suppliers. Lead times for some of these components can be several months or more and in the past have been, and in the future could be again, extended due to a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages or other factors. In the event that demand increases, a manufacturing lot does not meet our specifications or we fail to forecast and place purchase orders sufficiently in advance, this could result in a material shortage. Some of the components and formulations are proprietary to our vendors, thereby making second sourcing and development of a replacement difficult. Furthermore, such vendors may have intellectual property rights that could prevent us from sourcing such reagents from other vendors. Some vendors could choose to use their enzymes, amplification mixes or other components to create products that directly compete with our consumables and end our current supplier-customer relationship. If enzymes and reagents become unavailable from our current suppliers and we are unable to find acceptable substitutes for these suppliers, we may be required to produce them internally or change our product designs. 
 We have not qualified secondary sources for all equipment, materials or components that we source through a single supplier and qualification of a secondary supplier may not prevent future supply issues. Labor shortages, logistics, shipping or other distribution operations difficulties or disruption in the supply of equipment, materials or components could impair our ability to sell our products and meet customer demand, and also could delay the launch of new products, any of which could harm our business and results of operations. If we were to have to change suppliers, the new supplier may not be able to provide us equipment, materials or components in a timely manner and in adequate quantities that are consistent with our quality standards and on satisfactory pricing terms. In addition, alternative sources of supply may not be available for equipment or materials. 
 While we have taken steps to mitigate potential supply chain and transportation infrastructure system issues, including those which may result from a resurgence of COVID-19, the impact of supply chain disruptions, logistics, shipping and other distribution disruptions, labor shortages or other factors may exacerbate the risks described in this risk factor and could cause certain of our suppliers to reduce their ability to meet our or our customers' needs, be unable to operate temporarily or even go out of business permanently. The realization of any of these risks could prevent us from producing, selling or delivering our products, reduce our sales and harm our gross margins or permanently cause a change in one or more of our products that may not be accepted by our customers or cause us to eliminate that product altogether. In addition, our suppliers or customers may face difficulties in procuring or delivering, or in some cases may be unable to procure or deliver, the equipment, materials or components from their own suppliers necessary to supply us with products, equipment, components or materials or conduct experiments using our solutions. For example: 
 competition for shipping and air transport in the past impacted, and in the future may impact, our ability to timely deliver products to our customers; 
 energy shortages and other issues in the past impacted, and in the future may impact, factory production of upstream components utilized by us or our suppliers; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 shortages of non-10x sequencing consumables in the past impacted, and in the future may impact, the workflows of our customers and their ability to complete their experiments; 
 the storage and distribution of COVID-19 vaccinations in the past impacted, and in the future may impact, the availability of cold storage for components and materials used by us and our customers in connection with our products; 
 plastic component shortages, including of pipette tips utilized by our customers to complete their experiments, in the past impacted, and in the future may impact, the availability of plastic components used by us and our customers in connection with our products; 
 shortages of certain chemicals, oils and beads utilized in our microfluidic chips in the past impacted, and in the future may impact, our ability to carry a buffer of inventory to safeguard against continuous significant shortages of such materials; and 
 semiconductor chip shortages in the past impacted, and in the future may impact, the availability of semiconductor chips utilized in our instruments and in the manufacture of certain of our products. 
 Our instruments, consumables and related components are specialized, complex and difficult to manufacture. We could experience production problems that impact our ability to manufacture and ship our instruments, consumables and related components, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The manufacturing processes we and our third-party manufacturers use to produce our instruments, consumables and related components are specialized and highly complex and require high-quality components. We may have quality variations, supply issues, backorders, delays, shortages or production difficulties of needed components and may require components that are difficult to obtain or manufacture in necessary quantities and at necessary quality, in a timely manner or in accordance with regulatory requirements. 
 Such issues, issues with our manufacturing processes or the manufacturing processes of our third-party manufacturers, shipping issues, inaccurate demand forecasts or other production issues could result in our inability to produce our products in sufficient volumes to meet demand, supply our products to our customers, backorders, insufficient inventory, excess inventory, shipping delays, product deficiencies or other operational failures. For example, in the past the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted air, sea and other travel in the United States and globally. Similar disruptions in the future could reduce or eliminate our ability to receive components or supply our customers. Many other factors could cause production or shipping delays or interruptions, including difficulties in transporting materials, equipment, raw material or other shortages, raw material failures, spoilage, equipment malfunctions, facility contamination, labor problems, natural disasters, infectious disease, conflict, war, civil unrest, epidemics or pandem ics such as COVID-19 o utbreaks and resurgences, disruption in utility services, terrorist activities or circumstances beyond our control. Additionally, we and our third-party manufacturers may encounter problems in hiring and retaining the experienced specialized personnel needed to develop and operate our manufacturing processes or the manufacturing processes of our third-party manufacturers, which could result in backorders, shortages, delays in our production or difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 These issues, or any other problems with the production or timely manufacture and shipment of our instruments, consumables and related components, could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain disruptions in supply of, and changes in the competitive environment for, raw materials integral to the manufacturing of our products may adversely affect our profitability. 
 We use a broad range of materials and supplies, including metals, chemicals and electronic components, in our products. A significant disruption in the supply of materials could decrease production and shipping levels, materially increase our operating costs and materially adversely affect our profit margins. Shortages of materials or interruptions in production and transportation systems, labor strikes, work stoppages, infectious disease, epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19 outbreaks and resurgences, geopolitical issues, conflict, war, civil unrest, acts of terrorism or other interruptions to or difficulties in the employment of labor or transportation that adversely impact equipment, materials and components we require for the production of our products, may adversely affect our ability to maintain production of our products and generate revenue. In addition, a significant prolonged increase in inflation could negatively impact the cost of materials and components. Unforeseen end-of-life or unavailability of certain components, such as enzymes, could force us to purchase materials on the spot market at higher cost or require us to modify our product specifications to accommodate replacement components which could be costly or delay product shipments. If we were to experience a significant disruption in the supply of, or prolonged shortage of, critical components from any of our suppliers and could not procure the components from other sources, we would be unable to manufacture our products and to ship such products to our customers in a timely fashion, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 We rely exclusively on commercial carriers to transport our products, including perishable consumables, to our customers in a timely and cost-efficient manner and if delivery of our products is disrupted, our business will be harmed. 
 Our business depends on our ability to quickly and reliably deliver our products and in particular, our consumables, to our customers. The majority of our consumables are perishable and must be kept below certain temperatures. As such, we ship our refrigerated consumables on dry ice and only ship such consumables on certain days of the week to reach customers on a timely basis. Disruptions in the delivery of our products, whether due to hiring difficulties or labor disruptions, fuel shortages, dry ice shortages, bad weather, natural disasters, infectious disease, conflict, war, civil unrest, epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19 outbreaks and resurgences, terrorist acts or threats or for other reasons could result in delivery delays or our customers receiving consumables that are not fit for usage, and if used, could result in inaccurate results or ruined experiments. For example, certain of our customers were negatively impacted by a process breakdown in our logistics cold-chain that resulted in product spoilage which delayed purchases by affected customers, negatively impacting our revenue in 2022. While we work with customers to replace any consumables impacted by delivery disruptions, our reputation and our business may be adversely impacted if customers receive consumables that are not fit for usage. In addition, if we are unable to continue to obtain delivery services on commercially reasonable terms, our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, in the past both shipping and air transport have been negatively impacted in terms of speed and capacity. If we cannot supply our products to our customers in a timely manner, our customers may delay or cancel their orders. Furthermore, even if we have inventory, if we do not have adequate inventory of products in the geographic regions in which they are ordered, we may not be able to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner and customers may delay or cancel their orders. Should we or our commercial carriers encounter difficulties in delivering our instruments or consumables to customers , including due to impacts stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, it could adversely impact our ability to recognize revenue for those products and accordingly adversely affect our financial results for that period and such impact could be particularly acute at the end of any financial quarter. 
 Our future success is dependent upon our ab ility to increase penetration in our existing customer segments and to maintain and increase the effectiveness of our commercial organization. 
 Our customer base includes academic, government, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and other institutions. Our success will depend upon our ability to increase our penetration among these customers and to expand our opportunity by developing and marketing new products and new applications for existing products. We regularly introduce new versions of existing products, and our future success will partially depend on our ability to commercialize these products. As we continue to scale our business, we may find that certain of our products, certain customers or certain segments, including biopharmaceutical or translational segments, may require a dedicated sales force or sales personnel with different experience than those we currently employ in our commercial organization. Identifying, recruiting and training additional qualified personnel would require significant time, expense and attention. 
 We may not be able to further penetrate our existing market. The market may not be able to sustain our current and future product offerings. Any failure to increase penetration in our existing markets would adversely affect our ability to improve our operating results. 
 We may not be able to develop new products, enhance the capabilities of our existing products to keep pace with rapidly changing technology and customer requirements or successfully manage the transition to new product offerings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 Our success depends on our ability to develop new products and applications for our technology while improving the performance and cost-effectiveness of our existing products, in each case in ways that address current and anticipated customer requirements. Such success is dependent upon several factors, including feasibility, competition among our products for Company resources, functionality, competitive pricing and integration with existing and emerging technologies. The development timelines of certain new products may be delayed due to prioritization of other new products. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance or better address customer requirements as compared to our current or future products. Current and potential customers for our current and future products, including customers interested in genomics, single cell analysis, spatial analysis or in situ solutions, are accustomed to rapid technological change and innovation. Competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. Due to the significant lead time involved in bringing a new product to market, we are required to make a number of assumptions and estimates regarding the commercial feasibility of a new product, including assumptions and estimates regarding the biological analytes that researchers will want to measure, the appropriate method of measuring such analytes, how researchers intend to use the resulting data and the scope and type of data that will be most useful to researchers. As a result, it is possible that we may introduce a new product that uses technologies or methods of analysis that 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 have been displaced by the time of launch, competes with one or more of our other products, addresses an opportunity that no longer exists or is smaller than anticipated, targets biological analytes or produces data that provides less utility to researchers than anticipated or otherwise is not competitive at the time of launch. We face significant competition from both established and early-stage companies. Our ability to mitigate downward pressure on our selling prices will be dependent upon our ability to maintain or increase the value we offer to researchers. The expenses or losses associated with unsuccessful product development or launch activities, or a lack of market acceptance of our new products, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Because our solutions are used with other products, including third-party sequencers in the case of our Chromium and Visium solutions, to conduct an experiment, we also expect to face competition from these complementary products, either directly or indirectly, as researchers and labs look to reduce the total cost of any given experiment. For example, if a third-party sequencer manufacturer were successful in vertically integrating their product to provide functionality equivalent to our instruments, they potentially could be able to deliver a solution that is capable of running comparable experiments with a total experiment cost that would be less than the cost of running such experiments using our products together with third-party sequencers. Conversely, if genome sequencing falls out of favor as a preferred approach for genomic research, whether through the development of alternative solutions or real or perceived problems with sequencing itself or if our products are not compatible with third-party sequencers used by our customers or potential customers, the utility of our products which are used in conjunction with third-party sequencers could be significantly impacted. It is critical to our success that we anticipate changes such as these in technology and customer requirements and successfully introduce new, enhanced and competitive technologies to meet our customers and prospective customers needs on a timely and cost-effective basis. If we do not successfully innovate and introduce new technology into our product lines, our business and operating results will be adversely impacted. 
 Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our existing solutions and to introduce compelling new solutions. The success of any enhancement to our solutions depends on several factors, including timely completion and delivery, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with existing technologies and overall market acceptance. Any new solution that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain errors, vulnerabilities or bugs, or may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. If we are unable to successfully develop new solutions, enhance our existing solutions to meet customer requirements, or otherwise gain market acceptance, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. 
 Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers also depends on our ability to deliver any enhanced or new solutions to our customers in a format where they can be easily and consistently deployed by most or all users without significant customer service or training. If our customers believe that deploying our enhanced or new solutions would be overly time-consuming, confusing or technically challenging, or require significant training or retraining, then our ability to grow our business would be substantially harmed. We need to create and deliver a repeatable, user-friendly, prescriptive approach to deployment that allows users of all kinds to effectively and easily deploy our solutions, and if we fail to do so, our business and results of operations would be harmed. 
 The typical development cycle of new life sciences products can be lengthy and complicated and may require new scientific discoveries or advancements and complex technology and engineering. Such developments may involve external suppliers and service providers, making the management of development projects complex and subject to risks and uncertainties regarding timing, timely delivery of required components or services and satisfactory technical performance of such components or assembled products. 
 Undetected errors or defects in our solutions could harm our reputation and decrease market acceptance of our solutions. 
 Our instruments and consumables, as well as the software that accompanies them, may contain undetected errors or defects due to design, manufacturing, delivery or other issues. Disruptions or other performance problems with our products or software may adversely impact our customers research or business, harm our reputation and result in reduced revenue or increased costs associated with product repairs or replacements. If that occurs, we may also incur significant costs, the attention of our key personnel could be diverted or other significant customer relations problems may arise. We may also be subject to warranty claims or breach of contract for damages related to errors or defects in our solutions. 
 We are significantly dependent upon revenue generated from the sale of our Chromium solutions, and in particular our Single Cell Gene Expression solutions. 
 We currently generate our revenue from the sale of our instruments and our proprietary microfluidic chips, slides, reagents and other consumables for our Chromium, Visium and Xenium platforms, which we refer to as consumables. Historically we have 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 been dependent upon revenue generated from sales of our Chromium solutions, particularly our Single Cell Gene Expression consumables. There can be no assurance that we will be able to design future products, particularly non-Chromium solutions, that will meet the expectations of our customers or that our future products will become commercially successful. Our sales expectations are based in part on the continued success of our existing solutions and the future success of new products we launch. If our new products fail to achieve sufficient market acceptance or sales of our existing products decrease, our consumables revenue could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 Our failure to effectively manage product transitions or accurately forecast customer demand could result in excess or obsolete inventory and resulting charges. 
 Because the market for our products is characterized by rapid technological advances, we frequently introduce new products with improved ease-of-use, improved performance or additional features and functionality. At times, we pre-announce products and services, in some cases before such products and services have been fully developed or tested, and risk failing to meet expectations when and if such products and services become available. The risks associated with the introduction of new products include the difficulties of predicting customer demand and effectively managing inventory levels to ensure adequate supply of the new product and avoiding excess supply of the legacy product, including legacy versions of our instruments which are supplanted by new versions. In addition, in the past supply chain disruptions, logistics, shipping and other distribution disruptions and labor shortages have made it more difficult to predict customer demand and effectively manage inventory levels for our instruments and consumables and at times the risk that we will not be able to source the necessary equipment, components and materials to manufacture our products led us, and may again lead us, to carry higher inventory. Further, differences in purchasing patterns across our customer base, including potential differences in consumables spending between early adopters of our solutions and more recent customers and variances in rates of increase of consumables spending following new instrument purchases, could negatively impact our ability to accurately forecast demand. 
 We may strategically enter into non-cancelable commitments with vendors to purchase materials for our products in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing, address concerns about the availability of future supplies or build safety stock to help ensure customer shipments are not dela yed should we experience higher than anticipated demand for materials with long lead times. During periods of decreased demand, which in the past have occurred and which may occur again, these non-cancelable commitments could prevent our related costs from decreasing in proportion to decreases in demand. 
 If our existing and new products fail to achieve and sustain sufficient scientific acceptance, we will not generate expected revenue and our prospects may be harmed. 
 The life sciences scientific community is comprised of a small number of early adopters and key opinion leaders who significantly influence the rest of the community. The success of life sciences products is due, in large part, to acceptance by the scientific community and their adoption of certain products as best practice in the applicable field of research. The current system of academic and scientific research views publishing in a peer-reviewed journal as a measure of success. In such journal publications, the researchers will describe not only their discoveries but also the methods and typically the products used to fuel such discoveries. Mentions in peer-reviewed journal publications is a good barometer for the general acceptance of our products as best practices. Ensuring that early adopters and key opinion leaders publish research involving the use of our products is critical to ensuring our products gain widespread acceptance and market growth. Continuing to maintain good relationships with such key opinion leaders is vital to growing our market. The number of times our products were mentioned in peer-reviewed publications has increased significantly in recent years. During this time, our revenue has also increased significantly. Our products may not continue to be mentioned in peer-reviewed articles with any frequency. Any new products that we introduce in the future may not be mentioned in peer-reviewed articles. If too few researchers describe the use of our products, too many researchers shift to a competing product and publish research outlining their use of that product or too many researchers negatively describe the use or usability of our products in publications, it may drive existing and potential customers away from our products, which could harm our operating results. 
 If we do not sustain or successfully manage our growth and anticipated growth, our business and prospects will be harmed. 
 We have historically experienced rapid growth and future growth will place significant strains on our management, operational and manufacturing systems and processes, financial systems and internal controls and other aspects of our business. For example, we consummated two acquisitions each in 2018 and 2020 and one more in January 2021, and we intend to continue to make investments that meet management s criteria to expand or add key technologies that we believe will facilitate the commercialization of new products in the future. In addition, we intend to launch additional new products and new versions of existing products in the near future. Further development and commercialization of our current and future products are key elements of our growth strategy. Developing and launching new products and innovating and improving our existing products 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 have required us to hire and retain additional scientific, sales and marketing, software, manufacturing, distribution and quality assurance personnel. As a result, we have experienced rapid headcount growth from 110 employees as of December 31, 2015 to 1,243 employees as of December 31, 2022. As we have grown, our employees have become more geographically dispersed. We may face challenges integrating, developing and motivating our rapidly growing and increasingly dispersed employee base, including as a result of certain of our employees working remotely. In addition, certain members of our management have not previously worked together for an extended period of time, do not have experience managing a public company or do not have experience managing a global business, which may affect how they manage our growth. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational and manufacturing systems and processes, our financ ial systems and internal controls and other aspects of our business and continue to effectively expand, train and manage our personnel. As our organization continues to grow, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture, including our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative products. If we do not successfully manage our anticipated growth, our business, results of operations and growth prospects will be harmed. 
 The size of the market for our solutions may be smaller than estimated and new opportunities may not develop as quickly as we expect, or at all, limiting our ability to successfully sell our solutions. 
 The demand for genomics products is new and evolving, making it difficult to predict with any accuracy the total potential demand for our current and future solutions. Our estimates of the annual total addressable market for our current and future solutions are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates and assumptions. In particular, our estimates are based on our expectations that: (a) researchers seeking life sciences research tools and technologies will view our solutions as competitive alternatives to, or better options than, such existing tools and technologies; (b) researchers who already own such existing tools and technologies will recognize the ability of our solutions to complement, enhance and enable new applications of their current tools and technologies and find the value proposition offered by our solutions convincing enough to purchase our solutions in addition to the tools and technologies they already own; and (c) the trends we have seen among our customers with respect to placements of our instruments are representative of the broader demand. Underlying each of these expectations are a number of estimates and assumptions, including the assumption that government or other sources of funding will continue to be available to life sciences researchers at times and in amounts necessary to allow them to purchase our solutions. 
 In addition, our growth strategy involves launching new solutions and expanding sales of existing solutions into new areas in which we have limited or no experience, such as the sale of our solutions to biopharmaceutical customers. We also expect to pursue additional opportunities that will further expand our opportunity, including new potential applications of our single cell, spatial and in situ technologies in the future. Sales of new or existing solutions into new opportunities may take several years to develop and mature and we cannot be certain that these opportunities will develop as we expect. For example, new life sciences technology is often not adopted until a sufficient amount of research conducted using such technology has been published in peer-reviewed publications. Because there can be a considerable delay between the launch of a new life sciences product and publication of research using such product, new life sciences products do not generally contribute a meaningful amount of revenue in the year they are introduced. In certain situations, new life sciences technology, even if sufficiently covered in peer-reviewed publications, may not be adopted until the consistency and accuracy of such technology, method or device has been proven. As a result, the sizes of the annual total addressable market for new products are even more difficult to predict. 
 While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates of the total annual addressable market for our solutions are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates, or those underlying the third-party data we have used, may change at any time, thereby reducing the accuracy of our estimates. As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market for our solutions may be incorrect. 
 The future growth of our current and future solutions depends on many factors beyond our control, including recognition and acceptance of our solutions by the scientific community as best practice and the growth, prevalence and costs of competing products and solutions. Such recognition and acceptance may not occur in the near term, or at all. If demand for our current and future solutions are smaller than estimated or do not develop as we expect, our growth may be limited and our business, financial condition and operational results may be adversely affected. 
 We depend on our key personnel and other highly qualified personnel, and if we are unable to recruit, train, retain and ensure the health and safety of our personnel, we may not achieve our goals. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to recruit, train, retain and motivate key personnel, including our senior management, research and development, manufacturing and sales, customer service and marketing personnel. In particular, Dr. Saxonov, our Chief Executive Officer and one of our co-founders, and Dr. Hindson, our Chief Scientific Officer, President and one of our co- 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 founders, are critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture and products. Competition for qualified personnel is intense, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area. As we grow, we may continue to make changes to our management team, which could make it difficult to execute on our business plans and strategies. New hires also require significant training and, in most cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our failure to successfully integrate our personnel into our business could adversely affect our business. Additionally, some of our employees work remotely and because of the challenges of working remotely, including collaborating with and managing employees, it may take significant time before our teams can achieve full productivity, if at all, and it may take significantly longer for new hires to achieve full productivity, if at all. 
 We do not maintain key person life insurance for an y of our employees. Additionally, we have not entered into fixed term contracts with almost any of our employees and as a result, almost any of our employees could leave our company with little or no prior notice which could harm our business. 
 Many of our scientific personnel are qualified foreign nationals whose ability to live and work in the United States is contingent upon the continued availability of appropriate visas. Due to the competition for qualified personnel in the San Francisco Bay Area, we expect to continue to rely on foreign nationals to fill part of our recruiting needs. As a result, changes to United States immigration policies could restrain the flow of technical and professional talent into the United States and may inhibit our ability to hire qualified personnel. Additionally, our current or future employees may be negatively affected by delays, disruptions or changes in United States immigration policies. Past United States administrations have made restricting immigration and reforming the work visa process a priority and these efforts may adversely affect our ability to find qualified personnel. 
 Our continued growth depends, in part, on attracting, retaining and motivating highly trained sales personnel with the necessary scientific background and ability to understand our systems at a technical level to effectively identify and sell to potential new customers. In addition, the continued development of complementary software tools, such as our analysis tools and visualization software, requires us to compete for highly trained software engineers in the San Francisco Bay Area and for highly trained customer service personnel globally. We also compete for computational biologists and qualified scientific personnel with other life sciences companies, academic institutions and research institutions. This competition affects both our ability to retain key employees and hire new ones. In August 2022 we conducted a reduction in force in order to decrease costs and maintain a streamlined organization to support the business. In order to be successful and build our framework for future growth, we must continue to execute and deliver on our initiatives with fewer employees and losses of intellectual capital. We must also attract, retain, train and motivate key employees including highly qualified management, scientific, manufacturing, sales, marketing and other personnel who are critical to our business. Additionally, we compete with both companies that may have greater financial resources than we do and early stage companies that promise short-term growth opportunities. We may not be able to attract, retain, train or motivate qualified employees in the future and our inability to do so could materially harm our operating results and growth prospects. 
 If our facilities or our third-party manufacturers facilities become unavailable or inoperable, our research and development programs could be adversely impacted and manufacturing of our instruments and consumables could be interrupted. 
 The manufacturing process for our instruments takes place at our third-party manufacturers' facilities. The majority of our consumables are manufactured at our facilities in Pleasanton, California and Singapore using proprietary equipment. Certain raw materials, such as oligonucleotides and enzymes, are custom manufactured by outside partners. We periodically review the manufacturing capacity of our consumables and we expect to manufacture an increasing amount of consumables in-house. Our Pleasanton facilities also house the majority of our research and development and quality assurance teams. Our Chromium and Visium CytAssist instruments are manufactured by our partners at their facilities. The facilities and the equipment we and our third-party manufacturers use to manufacture our instruments and consumables and that we use in our research and development programs would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead times to repair or replace. 
 Our facilities in Pleasanton and Singapore are vulnerable to natural disasters and catastrophic events. For example, our Pleasanton facilities are located near earthquake fault zones and are vulnerable to damage from earthquak es. Our facilities are vulnerable to other types of disasters, including fires, floods, infectious disease, epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19 outbreaks and resurgences, power loss, conflict, war, civil unrest, communications failures and similar events. If any disaster or catastrophic event were to occur, our ability to operate our business would be seriously, or potentially completely, impaired. If our facilities or any of our third-party manufacturers facilities become unavailable or understaffed for any reason, including due to the resurgence of COVID-19, we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to secure alternative manufacturing facilities with the necessary capabilities and equipment on acceptable terms, if at all. Further, while we are an essential business that continued operations under previously required governmental shelter-in-place measures meant to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue operations at our Pleasanton facilities or other facilities if new shelter-in-place or other restrictive measures are implemented in the future. Additionally, potential issues with our ability to hire staff or the health and safety of our manufacturing staff, including as a result of a resurgence of COVID-19, could decrease the effectiveness of our 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 manufacturing operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. We may encounter particular difficulties in replacing or counterbalancing any unavailability of our Pleasanton staff or facilities given the specialized skills of our team and the specialized equipment housed within our facilities. The inability to manufacture our instruments and/or consumables, combined with potential limited inventory of manufactured instruments and consumables, may result in the loss of customers or harm our reputation, and we may be un able to reestablish relationships with those customers in the future. Because certain of our consumables and the raw materials we use to manufacture consumables at our Pleasanton facilities are perishable and must be kept in temperature controlled storage, the loss of power to our facilities, mechanical or other issues with our storage facilities or other events that impact our temperature controlled storage could result in the loss of some or all of such consumables and raw materials and we may not be able to replace them without disruption to our customers or at all. 
 A substantial percentage of our direct sales revenue comes from sales to academic institutions, whose research often requires long uninterrupted studies performed on a consistent basis over time; thus interruptions in our ability to supply consumables could be particularly damaging to these studies and our reputation. In addition, the budgetary planning and approval process for academic research programs can be lengthy and begin well in advance of the planned purchase of our instrument and/or consumables. If our products become unavailable during the planning process, researchers may use alternative products. 
 If our research and development programs were disrupted by a disaster or catastrophe or for other reasons, the launch of new products and the timing of improvements to existing products could be significantly delayed and could adversely impact our ability to compete with other available products and solutions. If our or our third-party manufacturers capabilities are impaired, we may not be able to manufacture and ship our products in a timely manner, which would adversely impact our business. Although we possess insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 Our limited operating history and rapid revenue growth make it difficult to evaluat e our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. 
 We launched our first product in mid-2015 and have historically experienced rapid revenue growth. In addition, we operate in highly competitive markets characterized by rapid technological advances and our business has, and we expect it to continue, to evolve over time to remain competitive. Our limited operating history, evolving business and rapid growth make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter and may increase the risk that we will not continue to grow at or near historical rates. 
 If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Costs, delays or other factors related to our facilities and real estate portfolio could adversely impact our business. 
 We may expand our facilities in Pleasanton, California and in other locations where we operate or may operate in the future. For example, we are currently completing construction of a new facility on land we own located in Pleasanton, California. We believe that maintaining our existing facilities and opening new facilities is necessary to maintain and expand our operations. Our ability to maintain our existing facilities, build out new or existing facilities and open new operating facilities depends on our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases, subleases, real estate purchase agreements or other agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain adequate utility and water sources and comply with environmental regulations, zoning laws and other similar factors. We may not maintain the level of cash flow or access financing opportunities necessary to support our real estate strategy. Our facilities projects may increase demands on our operational, financial, managerial and administrative resources. 
 We may also decide to reduce our real estate portfolio but be unable to do so. Our real estate leases, which generally obligate us for long periods, subject us to potential financial risk. For example, our real estate strategy may commit us to leases or other agreements or arrangements requiring us to incur costs for facilities we later determine are unnecessary for our business. While we have the right to terminate or sublease some of our leases under specified conditions, we may not be able to terminate or sublease certain of our leases if or when we would like to do so. If we decide or are required to permanently vacate facilities we lease, we are typically required to continue to perform obligations under the applicable leases, which generally include, among other obligations, paying rent and certain expenses for the balance of the lease term, and the performance of any of these obligations may be significant. When we assign leases or sublease to third parties, or if we vacate facilities we lease, we can 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 remain liable on the lease obligations for the balance of the term and we could be contingently liable if the assignee does not perform their obligations to us or third parties. Additionally, if we may decide to sublease certain of our facilities to third parties, we may be unable to find suitable sublease arrangements for leased facilities that we do not wish to occupy ourselves. 
 Costs, delays or other factors related to our facilities and real estate portfolio ensuing from these and other risks related to our real estate portfolio may adversely impact our business results and financial condition. 
 If we fail to offer high-quality customer service, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 We differentiate ourselves from our competition through our commitment to an exceptional customer experience. Accordingly, high-quality customer service is important for the growth of our business and any failure to maintain such standards of customer service, or a related market perception, could affect our ability to sell products to existing and prospective customers. Additionally, we believe our customer service team has a positive influence on recurring consumables revenue. Providing an exceptional customer experience requires significant time and resources from our customer service team, and failure to manage our customer service organization adequately or impacts on our ability to provide an exceptional customer experience may adversely impact our business results and financial condition. 
 Customers utilize our service teams and online content for help with a variety of topics, including how to use our products efficiently, how to integrate our products into existing workflows, how to determine which of our other products may be needed for a given experiment and how to resolve technical, analysis and operational issues if and when they arise. As we introduce new products and e nhance existing products, we expect utilization of our customer service teams to increase. In particular, the introduction of new or improved products that utilize different workflows or variations on existing workflows may require additional customer service efforts to ensure customers use such products correctly and efficiently. While we have developed significant resources for remote training, including an extensive library of online videos, we may need to rely more on these resources for future customer training or we may experience increased expe nses to enhance our online and remote solutions. If our customers do not adopt these resources, we may be required to increase the staffing of our customer service team, which would increase our costs. Also, as our business scales, we may need to engage third-party customer service providers, which could increase our costs and negatively impact the quality of the customer experience if such third parties are unable to provide service levels equivalent to ours. 
 The number of our customers has grown significantly and such growth, as well as any future growth, will put additional pressure on our customer service organization. We may be unable to hire qualified staff quickly enough or to the extent necessary to accommodate increases in demand. 
 In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and reach a global customer base, we need to be able to provide efficient customer service that meets our customers needs globally at scale. In geographies where we sell through distributors, we rely on those distributors to provide customer service. If these third-party distributors do not provide a high-quality customer experience, our business operations and reputation may suffer. 
 Our management uses certain key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions and such metrics may not accurately reflect all of the aspects of our business needed to make such evaluations and decisions, in particular as our business continues to grow. 
 In addition to our consolidated financial results, our management regularly reviews a number of operating and financial metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe that these metrics are representative of our current business; however, these metrics may not accurately reflect all aspects of our business and we anticipate that these metrics may change or may be substituted for additional or different metrics as our business grows and as we introduce new products. If our management fails to review other relevant information or change or substitute the key business metrics they review as our business grows and we introduce new products, their ability to accurately formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions may be compromised and our business, financial results and future growth prospects may be adversely impacted. 
 We have incurred significant losses since inception, we expect to incur losses in the future and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain positive free cash flow or profitability. 
 We have incurred significant losses since we were formed in 2012 and expect to incur losses in the future. We incurred net losses of 166.0 million and 58.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 had an accumulated deficit of 1.0 billion. We expect that our losses will continue in the near term as we continue to invest significantly in research and development and the commercialization of both new products and improved versions of existing products. We also expect that our operating expenses will continue to increase as we grow our business. To date, we have financed our operations principally from the sale of convertible preferred stock, stock option exercises and purchases under our 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the sale of Class A common stock in our initial public offering ("IPO") and our September 2020 follow-on offering, revenue from sales of our products and the incurrence of indebtedness. There can be no assurance that our revenue and gross profit will increase sufficiently such that our net losses decline, or we become free cash flow positive or attain profitability, in the future. Further, our limited operating history and rapid revenue growth over the last several years make it difficult to effectively plan for and model future growth and operating expenses. Our ability to achieve or sustain profitability is based on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including general economic, industry and market conditions, customer purchasing decisions, the impact of market acceptance of our products, future product development, our market penetration and margins and current and future litigation. Additionally, inflationary pressures could adversely impact our financial results. Our operating costs have increased, and may continue to increase, due to the recent growth in inflation. We may not fully offset these cost increases by raising prices for our instruments and consumables, which could result in downward pressure on our margins. Further, our clients may choose to reduce their business with us if we increase our pricing. Additionally, changes in our product mix may negatively affect our gross margins. We may never be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain positive free cash flow or profitability and our recent and historical growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Our failure to achieve or maintain growth, positive free cash flow or profitability could negatively impact the value of our Class A common stock. 
 Investments and acquisitions could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and otherwise harm our business. 
 In 2018, we acquired Epinomics, Inc., an epigenetics company based in California, and Spatial Transcriptomics Holdings AB, a spatial analysis company based in Sweden. In 2020, we acquired CartaNA, an in situ company based in Sweden and ReadCoor, an in situ company based in Massachusetts. In January 2021, we acquired Tetramer Shop, a reagent company based in Denmark. We believe we are successfully integrating the technologies acquired from those companies into our business, but the long-term success of these acquisitions is not guaranteed. We regularly review investment, acquisition and technology licensing opportunities, and we may invest in or acquire additional real estate or additional businesses and legal entities to add specialized employees, products or technologies as well as pursue technology licenses or investments in complementary businesses. Our previous acquisitions and any future transactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results and expose us to many risks, including: 
 increases in our expenses and reductions in our cash available for operations and other uses; 
 difficulties integrating acquired personnel, technologies and operations into our existing business; 
 failure to realize anticipated benefits or synergies from such a transaction; 
 unanticipated costs of or legal exposure related to complying with existing and future laws and regulations, including land use, environmental or antitrust-related laws and regulations; 
 disruption in our relationships with customers, distributors, manufacturers, suppliers or other third parties as a result of such a transaction; 
 unanticipated liabilities related to acquired real estate or companies, including liabilities related to acquired intellectual property or litigation relating thereto; 
 diversion of management time and focus from operating our business; 
 possible write-offs or impairment charges relating to acquired businesses; and 
 potential higher taxes if our tax positions relating to certain acquisitions were challenged. 
 Foreign acquisitions, such as our acquisitions of Spatial Transcriptomics Holdings AB, CartaNA AB and Tetramer Shop involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. Even if we identify a strategic transaction that we wish to pursue, we may be prohibited from consummating such transaction due to the terms of future indebtedness we may incur or due to circumstances outside our control. 
 Future investments, acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. We cannot predict the number, timing or size of future investments, acquisitions or dispositions or the effect that any such transactions might have on our operating results. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. 
 We operate on a December 31st year end and believe that there are significant seasonal factors which may cause sales of our products to vary on a quarterly or yearly basis and increase the magnitude of quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results. We believe that this seasonality results from a number of factors, including the procurement and budgeting cycles of many of our customers, especially government- or grant-funded customers, whose cycles often coincide with government fiscal year ends. Furthermore, the academic budgetary cycle similarly requires grantees to use or lose their grant funding, which seems to be tied disproportionately to the end of the calendar year, driving sales higher during the fourth quarter. Similarly, our biopharmaceutical customers typically have calendar year fiscal years which also result in a disproportionate amount of their purchasing activity occurring during our fourth quarter. Our international customers also have different purchasing patterns due to procurement or budgeting cycles, holidays or other factors which may result in a disproportionate amount of their purchasing activity occurring in specific periods. These factors have contributed, and may contribute in the future, to substantial fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. Because of these fluctuations, it is possible that in some quarters our operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. If that happens, the market price of our Class A common stock would likely decrease. These fluctuations, among other factors, also mean that our operating results in any particular period may not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Seasonal or cyclical variations in our sales have in the past, and may in the future, become more or less pronounced over time, and have in the past materially affected, and may in the future materially affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Other fluctuations, including spikes in customer demand for our products in demand for our products, may make it harder for us to distribute our products in a timely manner. 
 Our reliance on distributors for sales of our products in certain geographies outside of the United States could limit or prevent us from selling our products and impact our revenue. 
 We sell our products through third-party distributors in Asia, certain regions of Europe, Oceania, South America, the Middle East and Africa. We intend to continue to grow our business internationally and to do so we must attract additional distributors and retain existing distributors to maximize the commercial opportunity for our products. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in attracting or retaining desirable sales and distribution partners, that such partners will agree to our terms and conditions of sale or that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on favorable terms. Our distribution relationships are non-exclusive. As such, our distributors may not commit the necessary resources to market our products to the level of our expectations or may choose to favor marketing the products of our competitors. Further, the ability of our distributors to sell and distribute our products in the past has been, and in the future may be, impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. If current or future distributors do not or are unable to perform adequately or if we are unable to enter into effective arrangements with distributors in particular geographic areas, our revenues could be significantly impacted. Additionally, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in selling directly to customers who previously purchased our products from third-party distributors. 
 Uncertain economic or social conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers, vendors and suppliers to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by reduced demand for our products related to one or more significant local, regional or global economic or social disruptions. These disruptions have included and may in the future include a slow-down, recession or inflationary pressures in the general economy, reduced market growth rates, tighter credit markets for us, our suppliers, vendors or customers, a significant shift in government policies, significant social unrest, or the deterioration of economic relations between countries or regions. Additionally, these and other economic conditions may cause our suppliers, distributors, contractors or other third-party suppliers or manufacturers to suffer financial or operational difficulties that they cannot overcome, resulting in their inability to provide us with the materials and services we need, in which case our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Inflationary pressures, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and market value of our investments, including marketable securities, could have a significant effect on results. 
 We, our suppliers and our customers are exposed to inflationary pressure and a variety of market risks, including the effects of increases in energy and raw material prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Such risks are inherently unpredictable and difficult to mitigate. As a result, significant increases in energy and raw material prices, foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates as well as increased material, freight, logistics, and similar costs could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. For example, interest rates have increased significantly as central banks in developed countries attempt to subdue inflation while government deficits and debt remain at high levels in many global markets. Higher government deficits and debt, tighter monetary policy and potentially higher interest rates may drive a higher cost of capital for our business. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Doing business internationally creates operational and financial risks for our business. 
 We currently serve thousands of researchers in many countries and plan to continue to expand to new international jurisdictions as part of our growth strategy. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 45 and 46 , respectively, of our revenue was generated from sales to customers located outside of North America. We believe that a significant portion of our future revenue will come from international sources. We sell directly in North America and certain regions of Europe and have a significant portion of our sales and customer service personnel in the United States. We sell our products through third-party distributors in Asia, certain regions of Europe, Oceania, South America, the Middle East and Africa. As a result, we or our distribution partners may be subject to additional regulations. Conducting operations on an international scale requires close coordination of activities across multiple jurisdictions and time zones. If we fail to coordinate and manage these activities effectively, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to business operations in foreign jurisdictions may also subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties. International operations entail a variety of other risks, including, without limitation: 
 currency fluctuations ; 
 potentially longer sales cycles and more time required to engage and educate customers on the benefits of our products outside of the United States; 
 United States and foreign government trade restrictions, including those which may impose restrictions on the importation, exportation, re-exportation, sale, shipment or other transfer of programming, technology, components and/or services to foreign persons or entities; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing intellectual property or other legal rights abroad; 
 changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including new tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, trade embargoes and other trade barriers; 
 tariffs or other restrictions imposed by the United States on goods from other countries and tariffs or other restrictions imposed by other countries on United States goods, or increases in existing tariffs; 
 deterioration of political relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia or other nations or political organizations, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations in these countries; 
 challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 the potential need for localized software, documentation and post-sales support; 
 complexities associated with managing third-party contract manufacturers and suppliers located outside of the United States; 
 changes in social, political and economic conditions or in laws, regulations and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment both domestically as well as in the other countries and jurisdictions into which we sell our products, including as a result of the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union; 
 difficulties in obtaining export licenses or in overcoming other trade barriers and restrictions resulting in delivery delays or our inability to manufacture or sell our products in certain countries; 
 natural disasters, infectious diseases, conflict, geopolitical turmoil, war, civil unrest, epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19 outbreaks or resurgences or major catastrophic events; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud and longer payment cycles associated with, and increased difficulty of payment collections from certain international customers; and 
 significant taxes or other burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including laws relating to privacy and data protection such as the GDPR. 
 In conducting our international operations, we are subject to United States laws relating to our international activities, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as well as foreign laws relating to our activities in other countries, such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010. Additionally, our business must be conducted in compliance with applicable economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations, such as those administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council and other relevant sanctions authorities. These laws generally prohibit, unless authorized by the relevant authority or otherwise exempt from the regulations, the conduct of business with persons, countries, regions, and governments that are targeted by sanctions, 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 including but not limited to persons listed on the United States Department of Commerce s List of Denied Persons and the United States Department of Treasury s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, and the areas subject to trade embargoes by the United States (currently, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, and the Crimea region of Ukraine). Our global operations expose us to the risk of violating, or being accused of violating, these laws and regulations. Failure to comply may subject us to reputational harm, claims or significant financial and/or other penalties in the United States and/or foreign countries that could materially and adversely impact our operations or financial condition, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil fines, disgorgement of profits, injunctions and debarment from government contracts, as well as other remedial measures. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. 
 These risks have become increasingly prevalent as we have expanded our sales into countries that are generally recognized as having a higher risk of corruption and sanctions risks. For instance, we continue to sell our products through a distributor to research institutions in Russia. As a result of the crisis in Ukraine both the United States and the European Union have implemented sanctions against certain Russian individuals and entities. Our business in Russia could expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the market price of our securities, including tariffs, economic sanctions and import-export restrictions. Current geopolitical instability in Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions, including by the U.S. government, against certain companies and individuals may hinder our ability to conduct business with potential or existing distributors, end-users and vendors in these countries. While we believe that existing sanctions currently do not preclude us from conducting business with our current end-users, distributors or vendors in Russia, the sanctions may be expanded in the future to restrict us from engaging with them or our supplier agreements or purchase orders, due to the Ukraine crisis, may include terms and conditions that require that we limit or refrain from conducting business in Russia. 
 Violations of complex foreign and United States laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. Even if we implement policies or procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our distribution partners, our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies and subject us to potential claims or penalties. 
 Our business in China subjects us to unique operational, competitive and regulatory risks. 
 Our ability to sell our products in China may be impacted by evolving laws and regulations in the U.S. and China. In addition, increased local competition, trade tensions between the United States and China or weakening economic conditions in China, among other factors, may result in reduced sales, decreased market share, or lower margins for our products in China. In addition, impacts stemming from COVID-19, including the public health and policy response to COVID-19 in China, may continue to present risks to our business in China. 
 Certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in China are solely within the control of the Chinese government, and Chinese law regulates the scope of our investments and business conducted within China. The Chinese government may adopt new regulations that may impact entities operating in China, potentially with little advance notice. In order to maintain access to the Chinese market, we may be required to comply with significant technical and other regulatory requirements, at times with short notice. These actions may increase the cost of doing business in China or limit how we may do business in China, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to risks associated with COVID-19. 
 Our global sales and operations expose us to risks associated wi th the COVID-19 pandemic. Impacts from COVID-19 may adversely affect our operations, supply chains, distribution systems and customer demand, including as a result of impacts associated with preventative and precautionary measures that we, other businesses and governments have taken and may take in the future. Some of the risks we have experienced and/or may experience in the future as a result of impacts from COVID-19 include: 
 a decline in sales activities and customer orders or cancellations of existing orders, depending on the severity and duration of any future COVID-19 outbreaks and the extent of mitigation and containment measures that may be undertaken by governments and businesses; 
 supply chain disruptions may result in the lack of raw materials or component shortages, delay in the release of new products or deliveries of products or compressed margins due to an increase in material costs. Due to these impacts and measures, we may experience significant and unpredictable reductions in demand for our products and our customers may 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 postpone or cancel their orders. In addition, our customers' suppliers may not be able to supply products that meet our or our customers' needs due to supply chain disruptions; 
 the effectiveness of our sales teams may be negatively impacted by the lack of or reduction in travel resulting in their reduced ability to engage with decision-makers; 
 the unanticipated loss or unavailability of key employees due to the COVID-19 outbreaks could harm our ability to operate or execute our business strategy. We may not be successful in finding and integrating suitable successors in the event of key employee loss or unavailability; 
 remote working, which we, similar to many other companies, implemented in response to the initial outbreak of COVID-19, and which continues to some extent even as COVID-19 outbreaks generally subside, could cause challenges for the effective operation of our internal controls, increase the risk of a security breach of our information technology systems, create data accessibility issues, challenge our ability to innovate and develop new products and improve existing solutions and increase the risk for communication disruptions; and 
 in addition to travel restrictions, though countries in general have re-opened their borders to U.S. travelers, in the future, countries may again impose or expand travel restrictions and impose or resume prolonged quarantines if there is a resurgence of COVID-19 cases, which would significantly impact our ability to support our business operations and customers in those locations and the ability of our employees to access their places of work to produce products, or significantly hamper our products from moving through the supply chain. 
 As a result, given the uncertainty of the evolving nature of the virus, COVID-19 outbreaks may continue and may negatively affect our revenue growth, and it is uncertain how materially COVID-19 will affect our global operations if we experience any one or a combination of these impacts over an extended period of time. Any of these impacts could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our ability to raise capital in the future may also be negatively affected. 
 Public concern regarding the risk of contracting COVID-19 may impact demand from customers. Economic impacts and health concerns associated with the pandemic may continue to affect customer behaviors and resurgences of COVID-19 could amplify such impacts. In addition, changes in customer purchasing patterns could increase demand for our products in one quarter, resulting in decreased customer demand for our products in subsequent quarters. Spikes in customer demand for our products may make it harder for us to distribute our products in a timely manner. Furthermore, our growth strategies include capital intensive initiatives, such as significant investments in research and development and the acquisition or licensing of core technologies and associated intellectual property. The current economic environment has resulted in volatility in the global capital and credit markets which could impair our ability to access these markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, or at all, and execute our growth strategies and resurgences of COVID-19 could compound this risk. 
 Our results of operations could be materially adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Historically, most of our revenue has been denominated in U.S. dollars, although we have sold our products and services in local currency outside of the United States, principally the euro. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 18 and 17 , respectively, of our sales were denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located. As our operations in countries outside of the United States grow, our results of operations and cash flows will become increasingly subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which could harm our business in the future. During periods of economic crises, such as fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic, foreign currencies may be devalued significantly against the U.S. dollar, reducing our margins. In addition, because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars, but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could materially impact revenue and our results of operations. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge foreign currency exposures. 
 Due to our exposure to currencies other than U.S. dollars, an increase in the value of certain currencies against the U.S. dollar could increase our costs by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in local currency. There can be no assurance that any future hedging activities which are designed to partially offset this impact, will be successful. In addition, our currency hedging activities, if any, in the future, could themselves be subject to risk. These could include risks related to counterparty performance under future hedging contracts and risks related to currency fluctuations. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended SOX ), and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq ). We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 
 SOX requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file with the SEC is accurately recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. 
 Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. 
 We cannot provide any assurance that significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. If we fail to remediate any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses that may be identified in the future or encounter problems or delays in the implementation of internal controls over financial reporting, we may be unable to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in our implementation of our internal controls over financial reporting could result in material misstatements that are not prevented or detected on a timely basis, which could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 We are required to have an audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and could cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 The continuing impact of "Brexit" may have a negative effect on our business. 
 Following a national referendum and subsequent legislation, the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit, and ratified a trade and cooperation agreement governing its future relationship with the European Union. Among other things, the agreement, which became effective in 2021, addresses trade, economic arrangements, law enforcement, judicial cooperation and governance. Because the agreement merely sets forth a framework in many respects that requires complex additional bilateral negotiations between the United Kingdom and the European Union, significant uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before withdrawal. Brexit has had, and may continue to have, a significant adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and could significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or unfit versions of our products or stolen products could have a negative impact on our reputation and business. 
 Third parties might illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or unfit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing, distribution and quality standards. As we expand our business internationally, we expect to encounter counterfeit versions of our products, particularly our consumables. A researcher who receives and uses counterfeit consumables could obtain erroneous results, experience failed experiments or potentially damage his or her instrument. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit products sold under our brand name. In addition, inventory that is stolen from warehouses, plants or while in-transit, and that is subsequently improperly stored and sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact our customers experiments, our reputation and our business. 
 The investment of marketable securities is subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments. 
 From time to time, we have and may invest portions of excess cash and cash equivalents in marketable securities. We have and may invest in liquid, investment-grade marketable securities such as corporate bonds, commercial paper, asset-backed securities, U.S. treasury securities, money market funds, and other cash equivalents. We currently, and expect to continue, to follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate our exposure to liquidity and credit risks which set forth credit quality standards and limit our exposure to any one issuer as well as our maximum exposure to various asset classes. However, these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. We may realize losses in the fair value of these investments, which could include a complete loss of these investments, which would have a negative effect on our consolidated financial statements. In addition, should our investments cease paying or reduce the amount of interest paid to us, our interest income would decrease. 
 Indebtedness may impair our financial and operating flexibility. 
 We may incur indebtedness in the future. The debt instruments governing such indebtedness could contain restrictive provisions. If we incur debt, a portion of our cash flows will be needed to satisfy our debt service obligations. In the event that additional financing is required, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we would be more vulnerable to general adverse economic, industry and capital markets conditions in addition to the risks associated with indebtedness described in this risk factor. 
 Risks related to our regulatory environment and taxation 
 Our products could become subject to more onerous regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA or other regulatory agencies in the future, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent commercialization of our products, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We make certain of our products available to customers as research-use-only RUO products. RUO products are regulated by the FDA as medical devices, and include in vitro diagnostic products in the laboratory research phase of development that are being shipped or delivered for an investigation that is not subject to the FDA s investigational device exemption requirements. Although medical devices are subject to stringent FDA oversight, products that are intended for RUO and are labeled as RUO are exempt from compliance with most FDA requirements, including premarket clearance or approval, manufacturing requirements, and others. A product labeled RUO but which is actually intended for clinical diagnostic use may be viewed by the FDA as adulterated and misbranded under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDC Act ), and subject to FDA enforcement action. In the European Union EU ), under Regulation (EU) No 2017/746 EU IVDR ), RUO products which are intended to be used for research purposes, without any medical objective, are not regarded as devices for performance evaluation used in diagnostic procedures. More importantly, the EU IVDR expressly provides that products intended for RUO are excluded from the scope of the Regulation. A material intended for RUO, without any medical purpose or objective, is therefore not considered as an in vitro diagnostic medical device IVD and is not subject to compliance with IVD requirements. However, depending on the type of RUO products in question, requirements to market some products may be tighter under the EU IVDR such as for laboratory developed tests. Depending on the product in question, other regulations may be applicable to the RUO products. The FDA has indicated that when determining the intended use of a product labeled RUO, the FDA will consider the totality of the circumstances surrounding distribution and use of the product, including how the product is marketed and to whom. The FDA and foreign authorities could disagree with our assessment that our products are properly marketed as RUOs, or could conclude that products labeled as RUO are actually intended for clinical diagnostic use, and could take enforcement action against us, including requiring us to stop distribution of our products until we are in compliance with applicable regulations, which would reduce our revenue, increase our costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In the event that the FDA or foreign authorities requires us to obtain marketing authorization or certification of our RUO products in the 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 future, there can be no assurance that these authorities will grant any clearance, approval or certification requested by us in a timely manner, or at all. 
 We may also in the future decide to develop products that are intended for clinical or diagnostic uses. In the United States, before we can market a new medical device, or a new use of, new claim for or significant modification to an existing product, we must first receive either clearance under Section 510(k) of the FDC Act, or approval of a premarket approval application from the FDA, unless an exemption applies. In the EU, there is currently no premarket government review of medical devices (including IVDs). However, the EU requires that all IVDs placed on the market in the EU must meet general and safety requirements of the EU IVDR including the requirement that an IVD must be designed and manufactured in such a way that, during normal conditions of use, it is suitable for its intended purpose. IVDs must be safe and effective and must not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and where applicable other persons, provided that any risks which may be associated with their use constitute acceptable risks when weighed against the benefits to the patient and are compatible with a high level of protection of health and safety, taking into account the generally acknowledged state of the art. Compliance with general and safety requirements of the EU IVDR is a prerequisite for European conformity marking CE mark without which IVDs cannot be marketed or sold in the EU. The EU regulatory landscape concerning IVDs recently evolved. On May 26, 2022, the EU IVDR became applicable, and repealed and replaced the EU IVDD. Unlike the EU IVDD, the EU IVDR is directly applicable in all EU member states without the need for member states to implement into national law. This aims at reducing the risk of discrepancies in interpretation across the different European markets. The EU IVDR may impose increased compliance obligations for us if we decide to market products for clinical or diagnostic uses and impact our development plans. In addition, the process of obtaining approval or clearance from the FDA or certification from notified bodies in the EU or approved bodies in the United Kingdom for new products, or with respect to enhancements or modifications to existing products, could take a significant period of time, require the expenditure of substantial resources, involve rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing, require changes to products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of products. There can be no assurance that we will receive the required approvals, clearances or certifications for any new products or for modifications to our existing products on a timely basis or that any approval, clearance or certification will not be subsequently withdrawn or conditioned upon extensive post-market study requirements. Moreover, even if we receive FDA clearance or approval or certification from foreign bodies of new products or modifications to existing products, we will be required to comply with extensive regulations relating to the development, research, clearance, approval, certification, distribution, marketing, advertising and promotion, manufacture, adverse event reporting, recordkeeping, import and export of such products, which may substantially increase our operating costs and have a material impact on our business, profits and results of operations. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and result in enforcement actions such as: warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, termination of distribution, recalls or seizures of products, delays in the introduction of products into the market, total or partial suspension of production, refusal to grant future clearances, approvals or certifications, withdrawals or suspensions of existing clearances, approvals or certifications, resulting in prohibitions on sales of our products, and in the most serious cases, criminal penalties. Occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Enhanced trade tariffs, import restrictions, export restrictions, Chinese regulations or other trade barriers may materially harm our business. 
 We are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy and have experienced an increasing concentration of sales in certain regions outside the United States, especially in the Asia-Pacific region. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, sales outside of North America constituted approximately 45 and 46 , respectively, of our sales revenue and our largest markets outside of North America were China and Germany. There is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. 
 Additionally, our business may be adversely impacted by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries. Such measures could include restrictions on our ability to sell or import our instruments and/or consumables into certain countries or have the effect of increasing the prices of our instruments and/or consumables. Although the United States and China signed an interim trade agreement in January 2020 (the Phase One deal ), the parties are continuing to negotiate a trade agreement. At this time, it is unknown whether the Phase One deal will last, whether there will be sufficient progress on Phases Two and Three to lead to a further reduction in U.S.-China trade tensions and what effect the ultimate trade agreement will have on our business. There are also pressures on the U.S. Administration to retaliate against China over China s inability to prevent COVID-19 from spreading outside of the country s borders and China s actions in Hong Kong, which could lead to additional U.S., Chinese and other tariffs, or a resumption of trade hostilities, exposing us to increased tariffs in the U.S. and Chinese markets. Therefore, it is possible further tariffs may be imposed that could cover imports of the export or sale of our instruments and/or consumables, or our business may be adversely impacted by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries, which could materially 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The nature of the dispute between the United States and China is evolving and additional products such as ours could become subject to tariffs, which could adversely affect the marketability of our products and our results of operations. Further, the continued threats of tariffs, trade restrictions and trade barriers could have a generally disruptive impact on the global economy and, therefore, negatively impact our sales. Given the relatively fluid regulatory environment in China and the United States and uncertainty how the United States or foreign governments will act with respect to tariffs, international trade agreements and policies, there could be additional tax or other regulatory changes in the future. Any such changes could directly and adversely impact our financial results and results of operations. 
 In recent years, the United States government has a renewed focus on export control matters. For example, the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 and regulatory guidance thereunder have imposed additional controls and may result in the imposition of further additional controls, on the export of certain emerging and foundational technologies. Our current and future products may be subject to these heightened regulations, which could increase our compliance costs. 
 The imposition of new, or changes in existing, tariffs, trade restrictions, trade barriers, export controls or retaliatory trade measures taken by other countries could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of our domestic and foreign earnings. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and international business operations and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the "TCJA") requires U.S. research and experimental expenditures to be capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year period. Any such expenditures attributable to research conducted outside the United States must be capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. The TCJA also imposes limitations on the deductibility of interest and the use of NOL carryforwards, among other significant changes to corporate taxation of business activities outside the United States. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 recently became law and imposes a minimum tax on certain corporations with book income of at least 1 billion, subject to certain adjustments, and a 1 excise tax on certain stock buybacks and similar corporate actions. Finally, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development has released guidance and blueprints covering various topics, including a global minimum effective tax rate on certain corporate groups known as Pillar Two," and rules governing transfer pricing, country-by-country reporting, and definitional changes to permanent establishment that could ultimately impact our tax liabilities as those guidance and blueprints are potentially implemented in various jurisdictions. 
 Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of 717.0 million and federal tax credit carryforwards of 59.0 million. Our federal NOLs generated after January 1, 2018, which total 708.5 million are carried forward indefinitely, while all of our other federal NOLs and tax credit carryforwards expire beginning in 2033. As of December 31, 2022, we had state NOLs of 375.7 million, which expire beginning in 2033. In addition, we had state tax credit carryforwards of 46.6 million, which carry forward indefinitely. Our ability to utilize such carryforwards for income tax savings is subject to certain conditions and may be subject to certain limitations in the future due to ownership changes as described below. As such, there can be no assurance that we will be able to utilize such carryforwards. We have experienced a history of losses and a lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability to utilize these NOLs and research and development credit carryforwards. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income may be limited. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We completed a study through October 31, 2022 to determine whether an ownership change had occurred under Section 382 or 383 of the Code, and we determined that an ownership change occurred in 2013. As a result, our net operating losses generated through November 1, 2013 may be subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Code. In addition, certain attributes attributable to ReadCoor are subject to annual limitations as a result of our acquisition of ReadCoor, which constituted an ownership change of ReadCoor. Such limitations may result in expiration of a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes before utilization. Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards, research and development credit carryforwards and other tax attributes to reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be further limited as a result of future changes in stock ownership. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards or other pre-change tax attributes to offset United States federal and state taxable income may still be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. 
 We are subject to risks related to taxation in multiple jurisdictions. 
 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments based on interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations are required in determining our provision for income taxes. Our effective income tax rate could be adversely affected by various factors, including, but not limited to, changes in the mix of earnings in tax jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in existing tax policies, laws, regulations or rates, changes in the level of non-deductible expenses (including share-based compensation), changes in the location of our operations, changes in our future levels of research and development spending, changes in tax benefits from share based compensation, mergers and acquisitions or the result of examinations by various tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if the United States Internal Revenue Service or other taxing authority disagrees with the positions taken on our tax returns, we could have additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. If material, payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
 Ethical, legal, privacy and social concerns or governmental restrictions surrounding the use of the genomic and multi-omic information and gene editing could reduce demand for our products. 
 While we do not make gene sequencing or gene editing products, our products are used to better understand genomic information that could further gene editing endeavors. For example, our Chromium Single Cell Gene Expression solution allows users to examine cells that have been genetically perturbed using clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats CRISPR gene editing technology. Advances in genome editing or gene therapy, such as CRISPR Cas9 technology have been subject to negative publicity and increased regulatory scrutiny, in part due to the underlying ethical, legal, privacy and social concerns regarding the use or potential misuse of such technology. Governmental authorities could, for safety, social or other purposes, call for limits on or regulation of technologies and products used in the genome editing or gene therapy fields. Such concerns or governmental restrictions could limit the use of our products. Because the science and technology of genome editing or gene therapy is incredibly complex, any regulations or restrictions placed on such technology or aimed at curtailing its usage could, intentionally or inadvertently, limit or restrict the usage of our products. Any such restrictions or any reduction in usage of our products as a result of concerns regarding the usage of genome editing technology could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks related to our intellectual property, information technology and data security 
 Our success will depend on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights. 
 Our success and ability to compete depends in part on our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce issued patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights and proprietary technology in the United States and elsewhere. If we cannot adequately obtain, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights and proprietary technology, competitors may be able to use our technologies or the goodwill we have acquired in the marketplace and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have and our ability to compete, which could harm our business and ability to achieve profitability and/or cause us to incur significant expenses. 
 We rely on a combination of contractual provisions, confidentiality procedures and patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property laws to protect the proprietary aspects of our products, brands, technologies, trade secrets, know-how and data. These legal measures afford only limited protection, and competitors or others may gain access to or use our intellectual property rights and proprietary information. Our success will depend, in part, on preserving our trade secrets, maintaining the security of our data and know-how and obtaining, maintaining and enforcing other intellectual property rights. We may not be able to obtain, maintain and/or enforce our intellectual property or other proprietary rights necessary to our business or in a form that provides us with a competitive advantage. 
 Failure to obtain, maintain and/or enforce intellectual property rights necessary to our business and failure to protect, monitor and control the use of our intellectual property rights could negatively impact our ability to compete and cause us to incur significant expenses. The intellectual property laws and other statutory and contractual arrangements in the United States and other jurisdictions we depend upon may not provide sufficient protection in the future to prevent the infringement, use, violation or misappropriation of our patents, trademarks, data, technology and other intellectual property rights by others, and may not provide an adequate remedy if our intellectual property rights are infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated by others. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 We rely in part on our portfolio of issued patents and pending patent applications in the United States and other countries to protect our intellectual property and competitive position. However, it is also possible that we may fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of the development, manufacture and commercialization activities conducted by or on behalf of us before it is too late to obtain patent protection on such inventions. If we fail to timely file for patent protection in any jurisdiction, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, suppliers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. Furthermore, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in any of our patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Moreover, should we become a licensee of a third party s patents or patent applications, depending on the terms of any future in-licenses to which we may become a party, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain or enforce the patents, covering technology in-licensed from third parties. Therefore, these patents and patent applications may not be prosecuted, maintained and/or enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. While we generally apply for patents in those countries where we intend to make, have made, use, import, offer for sale or sell our products, we may not accurately predict all of the countries where patent protection will ultimately be desirable. Furthermore, the issuance of a patent does not give us the right to practice the patented invention. Third parties may have blocking patents that could prevent us from importing, manufacturing and/or commercializing our own products or services, or otherwise practicing our own technology. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 The patent positions of companies, including our patent position, may involve complex legal and factual questions that have been the subject of much litigation in recent years, and, therefore, the scope of any patent claims that we have or may obtain cannot be predicted with certainty. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurances about which of our patent applications will issue, the breadth of any resulting patent, whether any of the issued patents will be found to be infringed, invalid or unenforceable or will be threatened or challenged by third parties, that any of our issued patents have, or that any of our currently pending or future patent applications that mature into issued patents will include, claims with a scope sufficient to protect our products, services or technology. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in the issuance of patents or, if issued, may not issue in a form that will be advantageous to us. The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. We cannot offer any assurances that the breadth of our issued patents will be sufficient to stop a competitor from developing, manufacturing and commercializing a product or technologies in a non-infringing manner that would be competitive with one or more of our products or technologies, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Furthermore, any successful challenge to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us after patent issuance could deprive us of rights necessary for our commercial success. Further, there can be no assurance that we will have adequate resources to enforce our patents. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a utility patent is generally 20 years from the earliest effective non-provisional filing date. Though an issued patent is presumed valid and enforceable, its issuance is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability and it may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products or services. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated, narrowed or circumvented. Proceedings challenging our patents or patent applications could result in either loss of the patent, or denial of the patent application or loss or reduction in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. Any successful challenge to our patents and patent applications could deprive us of exclusive rights necessary for our commercial success. In addition, defending such challenges in such proceedings may be costly. Thus, any patents that we may own may not provide the anticipated level of, or any, protection against competitors. Furthermore, an adverse decision may result in a third party receiving a patent right sought by us, which in turn could affect our ability to develop, manufacture or commercialize our products or technologies. 
 Some of our patents and patent applications may in the future be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products, services and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, and we cannot ensure that: 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 others will not develop, manufacture and/or commercialize similar or alternative products or technologies that do not infringe our patents; 
 any patents issued to us will provide a basis for an exclusive market for our commercially viable products or technologies will provide us with any competitive advantages or will not be challenged by third parties; 
 any of our challenged patents will be found to ultimately be valid and enforceable; 
 any of our patents, or any of our pending patent applications, if issued, will include claims having a scope sufficient to protect our products or services; 
 any of our pending patent applications will issue as patents; 
 we will be able to successfully manufacture and commercialize our products on a substantial scale before relevant patents we may have expire; 
 we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our patents and pending patent applications; 
 we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 we will develop additional proprietary technologies or products that are separately patentable; or 
 our commercial activities or products will not infringe upon the patents of others. 
 If we cannot successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, the commercial value of our products and technologies will be adversely affected and our competitive position may be harmed. 
 Third parties, including our competitors, may currently, or in the future, infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our issued patents or other intellectual property rights, and we may file lawsuits or initiate other proceedings to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. We regularly monitor for unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights and, from time to time, analyze whether to seek enforce our rights against potential infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we have taken, and are taking, to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to enforce our rights as against such infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property rights. In certain circumstances it may not be practicable or cost-effective for us to enforce our intellectual property rights fully, particularly in certain developing countries or where the initiation of a claim might harm our business relationships. We may also be hindered or prevented from enforcing our rights with respect to a government entity or instrumentality because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity. Our ability to enforce our patent or other intellectual property rights depends on our ability to detect infringement. It may be difficult to detect infringers who do not advertise the components or methods that are used in connection with their products or technologies. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement in a competitor s or potential competitor s product or technologies. Thus, we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. Any inability to meaningfully enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our ability to compete and reduce demand for our products and technologies. We have in the past and may in the future become, involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could harm our business. In any lawsuit we bring to enforce our intellectual property rights, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on grounds that our intellectual property rights do not cover the technology in question. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. If we initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering a product or technology, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent is invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are common, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of patentable subject matter, novelty, obviousness, or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Mechanisms for such challenges include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). In a patent or other intellectual property infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent or other intellectual property right of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims or other intellectual property narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents or other intellectual property do not cover the technology in question. Furthermore, even if our patents or other intellectual property rights are found to be valid and infringed, a court may refuse to grant injunctive relief against the infringer and instead grant us monetary damages and/or ongoing royalties. Such monetary compensation may be insufficient to adequately offset the damage to our business caused by the infringer s competition in the market. An adverse result in any litigation or administrative proceeding could put one or more of our patents or other intellectual property rights at risk of being 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 invalidated or interpreted narrowly, which could adversely affect our competitive business position, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, even if we are successful in any litigation, we may incur significant expense in connection with such proceedings, and the amount of any monetary damages may be inadequate to compensate us for damage as a result of the infringement and the proceedings. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property rights. 
 We may also be subject to claims that our former employees, contractors or collaborators, or other third parties have an ownership interest in our current or future patents, patent applications, or other intellectual property rights, including as an inventor or co-inventor. We may be subject to ownership or inventorship disputes in the future arising, for example, from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants or others who were or are involved in developing our products or services. Although it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property rights to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property rights to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property rights that we regard as our own, and we cannot be certain that our agreements with such parties will be upheld in the face of a potential challenge, or that they will not be breached, for which we may not have an adequate remedy. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property rights, and other owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 Additionally, we may be subject to claims from third parties challenging ownership interest in or inventorship of intellectual property rights we regard as our own, based on claims that our agreements with employees or consultants obligating them to assign their intellectual property rights to us are ineffective or in conflict with prior or competing contractual obligations to assign inventions and intellectual property rights to another employer, to a former employer, or to another person or entity. Litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims, and it may be necessary or we may desire to obtain a license to such third party s intellectual property rights to settle any such claim; however, there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain such license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If our defense to those claims fails, in addition to paying monetary damages or a settlement payment, a court could prohibit us from using technologies, features or other intellectual property rights that are essential to our products or technologies, if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of another person or entity, including another or former employers. An inability to incorporate technologies, features or other intellectual property rights that are important or essential to our products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position, and may prevent us from developing, manufacturing and/or commercializing our products or technologies. In addition, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and could be a distraction to management and our employees. Any litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with independent sales representatives. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to develop, manufacture and/or commercialize our products or services, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on certain intellectual property rights that are licensed to us. We may be unsuccessful in licensing or acquiring intellectual property rights from third parties that may be necessary to develop, manufacture and/or commercialize our current and/or future products or technologies. 
 Various proprietary technologies that are used in a substantial majority of our consumables are protected by intellectual property rights that we in-license from third parties. Our rights to use such intellectual property rights in our business are subject to the continuation of and our compliance with the terms of the license agreements between us and each of our licensors. 
 A third party may hold intellectual property rights, including patent rights, that are important or necessary to the development, manufacture and/or commercialization of our current and/or future products or technologies, in which case we would need to acquire or obtain a license to such intellectual property rights from such third party. A third party that perceives us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license its intellectual property rights to us. In addition, the licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and other companies may also pursue similar strategies to license or acquire such third party s intellectual property rights. Some of these companies may be established and may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater development, manufacturing and commercialization capabilities. We also may be unable to license or acquire third party intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms that would 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment, or we may be unable to obtain any such license or acquisition at all. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to necessary third-party intellectual property rights, we may not be able to develop, manufacture or commercialize our current and/or future products or technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to execute invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors involved in the development of intellectual property rights or are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our products and technologies and our business and competitive position could be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we also rely on other intellectual property rights, including protection of copyright, trade secrets, know-how and/or other proprietary information that is not patentable or that we elect not to patent. 
 However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect, and some courts are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. To maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets and proprietary information, we rely heavily on confidentiality provisions that we have in contracts with our employees, consultants, collaborators and other third parties. We generally enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties upon their commencement of a relationship with us. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes and we may not enter into such agreements with all employees, consultants and third parties who have been involved in the development of our intellectual property rights. Although we generally require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly executed. In addition, despite the protections we do place on our intellectual property or other proprietary rights, monitoring unauthorized use and disclosure of our intellectual property rights by employees, consultants and other third parties who have access to such intellectual property or other proprietary rights is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property or other proprietary rights will be adequate. Therefore, we may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or other trade secrets by such employees, consultants, advisors or third parties, despite the existence generally of these confidentiality restrictions. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection against the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event the unwanted use is outside the scope of the provisions of the contracts or in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation, or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how, or other proprietary information. There can be no assurances that such employees, consultants, advisors or third parties will not breach their agreements with us, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or independently developed by third parties, including our competitors. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be harmed. The exposure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information would impair our competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, a failure to protect our proprietary rights may allow competitors to copy our technology, which could adversely affect our pricing and market share. 
 Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our trade secret rights and related confidentiality and nondisclosure provisions. Further, it is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar technology, products or services or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology, and in such cases, we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. If we fail to obtain or maintain trade secret protection, or if our competitors obtain our trade secrets or independently develop technology or products similar to ours, our competitive market position could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, some courts are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets and agreement terms that address non-competition are difficult to enforce in many jurisdictions and might not be enforceable in certain cases. 
 In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information by maintaining physical security of our premises and electronic security of our information technology systems. Such security measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee, consultant or other third party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee, consultant or other third party from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse engineer certain aspects of our products or services that we consider proprietary. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Further, we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for any breach. While we use commonly accepted security measures, trade secret violations are often a matter of state law in the United States, and the criteria for protection of trade 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 secrets can vary among different jurisdictions. If the steps we have taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating the trade secret. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our intellectual property rights or confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees have misappropriated the intellectual property rights of a third party, including trade secrets or know-how, or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used for our benefit or disclosed to us confidential information of third parties. Many of our employees and consultants were previously employed at or engaged by other medical device companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees and consultants may have executed confidential information non-disclosure and inventions assignment agreements and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment or engagements. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the intellectual property rights, proprietary information, know-how or trade secrets of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have, inadvertently or otherwise, misappropriated the intellectual property rights or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information, of these former employers or customers. To the extent that our employees or consultants use intellectual property rights or proprietary information owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in any related or resulting know-how and inventions. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. There is no guarantee of success in defending these claims, and even if we are successful, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and other employees. 
 Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In addition, periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other government fees on issued patents often must be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies over the lifetime of the patent and/or applications and any patent rights we may obtain in the future. While an unintentional lapse of a patent or patent application can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our products or services, we may not be able to stop a competitor from marketing products or services that are the same as or similar to our products or services, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in patent law could diminish the value of our patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our current and future products or technologies, and could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our current or future patents. 
 Our ability to obtain patents and the breadth of any patents obtained is uncertain in part because, to date, some legal principles remain unresolved, and there has not been a consistent policy regarding the breadth or interpretation of claims allowed in patents in the United States and other countries. Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property rights or narrow the scope of our patent protection, which in turn could diminish the commercial value of our products and services. 
 Patent reform legislation may pass in the future that could lead to additional uncertainties and increased costs surrounding the prosecution, enforcement and defense of our patents and applications. Furthermore, the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have made, and will likely continue to make, changes in how the patent laws of the United States are interpreted. The United States Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. 
 In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on actions by the United States Congress, the 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we own or that we might obtain or license in the future. An inability to obtain, enforce, and defend patents covering our proprietary technologies would materially and adversely affect our business prospects and financial condition. 
 For example, various courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have rendered decisions that impact the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to the life sciences. Specifically, these decisions stand for the proposition that patent claims that recite laws of nature (for example, the relationships between gene expression levels and the likelihood of risk of recurrence of cancer) are not themselves patentable unless those patent claims have sufficient additional features that provide practical assurance that the processes are genuine inventive applications of those laws rather than patent drafting efforts designed to monopolize the law of nature itself. What constitutes a sufficient additional feature is uncertain. Furthermore, in view of these decisions, in December 2014 the USPTO, published revised guidelines for patent examiners to apply when examining process claims for patent eligibility. This guidance was updated by the USPTO in July 2015 and additional illustrative examples provided in May 2016. The USPTO provided additional guidance on examination procedures pertaining to subject matter eligibility in April 2018 and June 2018. The guidance indicates that claims directed to a law of nature, a natural phenomenon or an abstract idea that do not meet the eligibility requirements should be rejected as non-statutory, patent ineligible subject matter; however, method of treatment claims that practically apply natural relationships should be considered patent eligible. We cannot assure you that our patent portfolio will not be negatively impacted by the current uncertain state of the law, new court rulings or changes in guidance or procedures issued by the USPTO. From time to time, the U.S. Supreme Court, other federal courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may change the standards of patentability and validity of patents within the life sciences and any such changes could have a negative impact on our business. 
 Similarly, foreign courts have made, and will likely continue to make, changes in how the patent laws in their respective jurisdictions are interpreted. Changes in patent laws and regulations in other countries or jurisdictions, changes in the governmental bodies that enforce them, or changes in how the relevant governmental authority enforces patent laws or regulations may weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we own or may obtain in the future. Further, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. In addition, any protection afforded by foreign patents may be more limited than that provided under U.S. patent and intellectual property laws. We may encounter significant problems in enforcing and defending our intellectual property both in the United States and abroad. For example, if the issuance in a given country of a patent covering an invention is not followed by the issuance in other countries of patents covering the same invention, or if any judicial interpretation of the validity, enforceability or scope of the claims or the written description or enablement in a patent issued in one country is not similar to the interpretation given to the corresponding patent issued in other countries, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights in those countries may be limited. Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may materially diminish the value of our intellectual property rights or narrow the scope of our patent protection. We cannot predict future changes in the interpretation of patent laws or changes to patent laws that might be enacted into law by U.S. and foreign legislative bodies. Those changes may materially affect our patents or patent applications and our ability to obtain additional patent protection in the future. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The legal systems in certain countries may also favor state-sponsored or companies headquartered in particular jurisdictions over our first-in-time patents and other intellectual property protection. We are aware of incidents where such entities have stolen the intellectual property of domestic companies in order to create competing products and we believe we may face such circumstances ourselves in the future. For example, through its Annual Special 301 Report on Intellectual Property, the Office of the United States Trade Representative USTR has been reporting on the adequacy and effectiveness of intellectual property protection in a number of foreign countries that are U.S. trading partners and their protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights. A number of countries in which both we and our distributors operate have been identified in the reports as being on the Priority Watch List. Placement of a country on the Priority Watch List indicates that particular problems exist in that country with respect to intellectual property protection, enforcement, or market access for persons relying on intellectual property rights. Countries placed on the Priority Watch List are the focus of increased bilateral attention concerning the specific problem areas. It is possible that we will not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights against third parties that misappropriate our proprietary technology in those countries. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may independently develop, manufacture and commercialize technologies or products that are similar to, or are alternatives or duplicates of any of our technologies or products without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights; 
 issued patents that we hold rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 
 it is possible that our pending patent applications or those that we may own in the future will not lead to issued patents; 
 our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop, manufacture and commercialize competitive products or technologies for sale in our major commercial markets; 
 we, or current or future collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we license or may own in the future; 
 we, or current or future collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 
 the patents of others may harm our business; and 
 we may choose not to seek patent protection for some of our proprietary technology to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such trade secrets or know-how. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our competitive position may be harmed. 
 Our trademarks could be challenged, invalidated, infringed, and circumvented by third parties, and our trademarks could also be diluted, declared generic or found to be infringing on other marks. If any of the foregoing occurs, we could be forced to re-brand our products or technologies, resulting in loss of brand recognition and requiring us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands, and suffer other competitive harm. Third parties may also adopt trademarks similar to ours, which could harm our brand identity and lead to market confusion. Further, there can be no assurance that competitors will not infringe our trademarks or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. Certain of our current or future trademarks may become so well known by the public that their use becomes generic and they lose trademark protection. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
 We rely on our trademarks, trade names and brand names, such as our 10X, 10X GENOMICS, CHROMIUM, VISIUM and XENIUM marks, to distinguish our products and technologies from the products and technologies of our competitors, and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks in the United States and certain countries outside the United States, however, we have not yet registered all of our trademarks in all of our current and potential markets. There can be no assurance that our trademark applications will be approved for registration. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in proceedings before the USPTO and comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties may also oppose our trademark applications and may seek to cancel trademark registrations or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademark filings in these agencies, and such filings may not survive such proceedings. While we may be able to continue the use of our trademarks in the event registration is not available, particularly in the United States, where trademark rights are acquired based on use and not registration, third parties may be able to enjoin the continued use of our trademarks if such parties are able to successfully claim infringement in court. In addition, opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademark applications and registrations and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in enforcing them against third parties than we otherwise would. Our trademarks or trade names may be infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined to be violating or infringing on other marks. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Our solutions contain third-party open source software components and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our products. 
 Our solutions contain software tools licensed by third parties under open source software licenses. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source software licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Some open source software licenses contain requirements that the licensee make its source code publicly available if the licensee creates modifications or derivative works using such open source software, depending on the type of open source software the licensee uses and how the licensee uses it. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source software licenses, be required to make available the source code of certain of our proprietary software to the public for free. This could allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of product sales and revenue. In addition, some companies that use third-party open source software have faced claims challenging their use of such open source software and their compliance with the terms of the applicable open source license. We may be subject to suits by third parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software, or claiming non-compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms. Use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to compromise or attempt to compromise our technology platform and systems. 
 Although we typically review our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our solutions to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source software licenses have not been interpreted by United States courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our solutions. Moreover, our processes for monitoring and controlling our use of open source software in our solutions may not be effective. If we are held to have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our solutions on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our solutions, to discontinue the sale of our solutions if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, to pay statutory or other damages to the license holder or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We collect, process, store, share, disclose and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy and security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 We collect, process, store, transmit, disclose and use information from our employees, customers and others, including personal information and other data, some of which may be sensitive in nature. There are numerous federal, state and foreign laws and regulations regarding data protection, privacy and security. We strive to comply with applicable laws, our posted policies and legal contractual obligations relating to privacy and data protection. However, the scope of these laws is changing, is subject to differing interpretations, may be costly to comply with and may be inconsistent among countries and jurisdictions or conflict with other rules. Our business, including our ability to operate and expand internationally, could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are adopted, interpreted or implemented in a manner that is inconsistent with our current business practices and that require changes to these practices. 
 The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving and new laws and regulations are constantly being enacted such as China's "Personal Information Protection Law" and Singapore's "Personal Data Protection Act," and violations of existing and new laws and regulations may subject companies to significant penalties and fines, government investigations and/or enforcement actions, private litigation and other claims. Our operations abroad may also be subject to increased scrutiny or attention from data protection authorities. For example, in Europe, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation GDPR went into effect in May 2018 and imposes stringent requirements for processing personal data of individuals within the European Economic Area ("EEA"). The processing of sensitive personal data, such as physical health conditions, may impose heightened compliance burdens under the GDPR and is a topic of active interest among foreign regulators. In addition, the GDPR provides for breach reporting requirements, more robust regulatory enforcement and greater penalties for noncompliance than previous data protection laws, including fines of up to 20 million or 4 of a noncompliant company s global annual revenue for the preceding financial year, whichever is greater. Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries outside the EEA that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States; in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU limited how organizations could lawfully transfer personal data from the EU/EEA to the United States by invalidating the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield for purposes of international transfers and imposing further restrictions on the use of standard contractual clauses SCCs ). 
 In March 2022, the US and EU announced a new regulatory regime intended to replace the invalidated regulations; however, this new EU-US Data Privacy Framework has not been implemented beyond an executive order signed by President Biden on October 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 7, 2022 on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities. European court and regulatory decisions subsequent to the CJEU decision of July 16, 2020 have taken a restrictive approach to international data transfers. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Since the beginning of 2021, we have also been subject to the UK data protection regime, which imposes separate but similar obligations to those under the GDPR and comparable penalties, including fines of up to 17.5 million or 4 of a noncompliant company s global annual revenue for the preceding financial year, whichever is greater. Other foreign jurisdictions, such as China and Russia, are increasingly implementing or developing their own privacy regimes with complex and onerous compliance obligations and robust regulatory enforcement powers. As we continue to expand into other foreign countries and jurisdictions, we may be subject to additional laws and regulations that may affect how we conduct business. 
 In the United States, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (the "CCPA"), which came into effect on January 1, 2020 and limits and imposes requirements on how we may collect and use personal information and provides for civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act (the "CPRA"), generally went into effect in January 2023 and, modifies and expands the CCPA and established a new California Privacy Protection Agency. In addition to applying to businesses that buy and sell personal information the CPRA applies to businesses that buy, sell or share personal information and sets forth a new category of "sensitive personal information" that includes, genetic data; biometric or health information; and sex life or sexual orientation information. In addition to the modifications that enhance individuals' rights under the CCPA, the CPRA added five more rights, including the authority for the State to regulate the requirement for businesses to conduct risk assessments and cybersecurity audits. There is still a significant amount of uncertainty with respect to the CPRA's three-year compliance roll-out and the impact it will have on us and others in our industry, however, we expect to incur increased compliance costs and may be subject to increased potential liability in the event we fail to comply. Similar laws have passed in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. 
 Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and many state Attorneys General continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. For example, according to the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure can constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. The FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us or our vendors or partners to comply with these laws and regulations, our privacy and notice policies, our privacy-related obligations to employees, customers or other third parties or privacy or security-related legal obligations, or any actual or perceived compromise of security that results in the unauthorized access to or disclosure, alteration, theft, loss, transfer or use of personal or other information, including personally identifiable information or other sensitive data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, fines and penalties, litigation or public statements critical of us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our customers, partners or others to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 If we or our critical third-party providers experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems or breaches of data security, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on information technology systems to keep financial records, facilitate our research and development initiatives, manage our manufacturing operations, maintain quality control, fulfill customer orders, maintain corporate records, communicate with staff and external parties and operate other critical functions. We operate some of these systems but we also rely on third-party providers for a range of software, products and services that are critical to our operations and business. Both our and our third-party providers information technology systems are vulnerable to attack, damage or disruption due to breakdown, malicious intrusion, computer viruses, worms, malware (e.g. ransomware) or other disruptive events, including but not limited to, natural disasters and catastrophes. In addition, malicious code (such as viruses, worms and ransomware), bugs or vulnerabilities in our code, employee theft or misuse, human error, social engineering and phishing scams, denial-of-service attacks and sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported attacks (including advanced persistent threat intrusions), are all increasingly common threats to companies like us. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate these risks. If our security measures are compromised as a result of third-party action, employee or customer error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur significant liability. If we were to experience a prolonged system disruption in our information technology systems or those of certain of our vendors, it could negatively impact our ability to serve our customers, which could adversely impact our business. If operations at our facilities were disrupted, it may cause a material disruption in our business if we are not capable of restoring functionality on an acceptable timeframe. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, we and certain of our third-party providers collect, store, and process sensitive and confidential information including personal data. An attack or security incident that exposes personal data, or sensitive or confidential information to unauthorized persons could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the exposure of personal data of our employees, customers and others, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Concerns regarding data privacy and security may cause some of our customers to stop using our platform for Cloud Services or other product solutions. This discontinuance in use could substantially harm our business, operating results and growth prospects. In addition, any access, disclosure, loss or unauthorized use of information or data could result in legal claims or proceedings, regulatory investigations or actions, and other types of liability under laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information, including federal, state and foreign data protection and privacy regulations, violations of which could result in significant penalties and fines. In addition, although we seek to detect and investigate all data security incidents, security breaches and other incidents of unauthorized access to our information technology systems and data can be difficult to detect and any delay in identifying such breaches or incidents may lead to increased harm and legal exposure of the type described above. 
 We have not always been able in the past and may be unable in the future to anticipate or prevent techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to compromise our systems because the techniques used change frequently and are generally not detected until after an incident has occurred. We may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology when our employees are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. Cyberattacks and other malicious internet-based activity continue to increase and cloud-based platform providers of services have been and are expected to continue to be targeted and threat actors are increasingly utilizing tools and techniques designed to evade controls, to avoid detection and even to obfuscate or remove forensic evidence. 
 We have experienced cyberattacks and other security incidents and expect to continue to experience such events. For example, in March 2020, we experienced a ransomware attack in which cybercriminals were able to access our information technology systems. While we isolated the source of the attack and restored normal operations with no material day-to-day impact to us or our ability to access our data, we believe confidential information was stolen. We believe the ransomware attack could lead to the disclosure of our trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the exposure of personal information of our employees. The release of any of this information could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the March 2020 ransomware attack could result in legal claims or proceedings, regulatory investigations or actions, and other types of liability under laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information, including federal, state and foreign data protection and privacy regulations, violations of which could result in significant judgements against us, penalties and fines. 
 The cost of investigating, mitigating, responding to and remediating potential data security breaches and complying with applicable breach notification obligations to individuals, regulators, partners and others, including the March 2020 ransomware attack, could be significant. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to compensate us for the potential costs and other losses arising from cybersecurity-related disruptions, failures, attacks or breaches. In addition, such insurance may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Further, defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly, divert management attention and harm our reputation. 
 Threats involving the misuse or access of our network, systems, and information by our current or former employees, contractors, vendors, or partners, whether intentional or unintentional, also pose a risk to the security of our network, systems, information and data. For example, we are subject to the risk that employees may inadvertently share confidential information with unintended third parties, or that departing employees may take, or create their own information based on, our confidential information upon leaving the company. In addition, any such insiders may be the victims of social engineering attacks that enable third parties to access our network, systems, and information using an authorized person s credentials. We and our network, systems, and information are also vulnerable to malicious acts by insiders, including leaking, modifying, or deleting confidential information, or performing other acts that could materially interfere with our operations and business. While we provide regular training to our employees regarding cybersecurity threats and best practices, we cannot ensure that such training or other efforts will prevent unauthorized access to or sabotage of our network, systems, and information. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 While we implement security measures designed to reduce these risks, there is no guarantee these measures will be adequate to safeguard all systems and networks. Any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our systems and networks may result in accidental or unlawful destruction, damage, loss, unavailability, alteration, impairment, misuse, unauthorized disclosure of, or unauthorized access to our data, including personal or proprietary information. 
 We rely on on-premise, co-located and third-party data centers and platforms to host our website and other online services, as well as for research and development purposes and any interruptions of service or failures may impair and harm our business. 
 Our proprietary software is a crucial component of our solutions, as our software allows our end users to visualize genomic and multi-omic information provided by our instruments and reagents. Our software is generally downloadable free of charge from our website for installation and use by end users on their computer systems. Our website is hosted with various third-party service providers located in the United States. We rely on on-premises, co-located and third-party infrastructure in the San Francisco Bay Area and other regions in the United States to perform computationally demanding analysis tasks for our research and development programs and for other business purposes. 
 In the event of any technical problems that may arise in connection with our on-premise, co-located or third-party data centers, we could experience interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers or in our internal functions, including research and development, which rely on such services. Interruptions or failures may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, worms, ransomware, security attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and denial of service issues. Interruptions or failures in our operations or services may reduce our revenue, result in the loss of customers, adversely affect our ability to attract new customers or harm our reputation. Significant interruptions to our research and development programs could cause us to delay the introduction of new products or improvements to existing products, which could adversely impact our business, our results of operations and the competitiveness of our products. 
 Our current solutions are capable of generating large datasets, the analysis of which can be time consuming without access to a high-performance computing system. The visualization of such data can also be computationally intensive. As we iterate and improve our products and as the related technologies advance, our continued growth may require an ability to provide our customers with direct access to a high-performance computing system and/or alternative means of obtaining our software. As a result, we expect our reliance on internal and third-party data centers to increase in the future. 
 Further, as we rely on third-party and public-cloud infrastructure, we will depend in part on third-party security measures to protect against unauthorized access, cyberattacks and the mishandling of customer data. In addition, failures to meet customers expectations with respect to security and confidentiality of their data and information could damage our reputation and affect our ability to retain customers, attract new customers and grow our business. In addition, a cybersecurity event could result in significant increases in costs, including costs for remediating the effects of such an event, lost revenue due to a decrease in customer trust and network downtime; increases in insurance coverage costs due to cybersecurity incidents; and damages to our reputation because of any such incident. 
 We are subject to certain manufacturing restrictions related to licensed intellectual property rights that were developed with the financial assistance of United States government grants. 
 Under the Bayh-Dole Act, the federal government retains a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license in inventions produced with its financial assistance Government Funded Inventions for its own benefit. The Bayh-Dole Act provides federal agencies with march-in rights March-In Rights ), which allows a government agency, in specified circumstances, to require the patent owner or successors in title to the patent directed to such Government Funded Inventions Patent Owner to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license to a responsible applicant or applicants, which if exercised, would allow such government agency to require such Patent Owner to grant a non-exclusive, partially exclusive or exclusive license in any field of use to a third-party designated by such agency. The Bayh-Dole Act also provides that the Patent Owner manufacture products embodying the respective Government Funded Inventions domestically in accordance with certain requirements. If this domestic manufacturing requirement is not met, the government agency that funded the relevant grant is entitled to exercise March-In Rights. We are subject to the Bayh-Dole Act with respect to certain licensed technologies that were developed with United States government grants. Such licensed technologies are used, for example, in a substantial majority of our consumables. Further, we cannot be sure that if we acquired intellectual property rights in the future it will be free from government rights or regulations pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act. 
 If we own, co-own or license in technology that is critical to our business that is developed in whole or in part with federal funds subject to the Bayh-Dole Act, our ability to enforce or otherwise exploit patents covering such technology may be adversely affected. Further, the exercise of March-In rights, the requirement that we grant additional licenses to third parties, or the 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 termination of our license of the relevant technologies could materially adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. The restrictions of the Bayh-Dole Act may also limit our ability to manufacture our products in geographies where it may be more economically favorable to do so which could limit our ability to respond to competitive developments or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks related to litigation and our intellectual property 
 We may become a party to intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings that could be expensive, time-consuming, unsuccessful, and could interfere with our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize our products or technologies. 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, manufacture or commercialize our products and technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the proprietary rights and intellectual property of third parties. Our industry has been characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights, and companies in the industry have used intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage. While we take steps to ensure that we do not infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others, there may be other more pertinent rights of which we are presently unaware. 
 Third parties may initiate, and have in the past initiated, legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. The outcome of such proceedings are uncertain and could have a negative impact on the success of our business. It is possible that U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications controlled by third parties may be alleged to cover our products and technologies, or that we may be accused of misappropriating third parties trade secrets or infringing third parties trademarks. We have in the past, and may in the future become party to, or be threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our products or technologies, including interference proceedings, post grant review and inter partes review before the USPTO or equivalent foreign regulatory authority. Furthermore, we may also become involved in other proceedings, such as reexamination, derivation or opposition proceedings before the USPTO or other jurisdictional body relating to our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of their merit. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and because publication schedules for pending applications vary by jurisdiction, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware and which may result in issued patents, which our current or future products or services infringe. Also, because the claims of published patent applications can change between publication and patent grant, there may be published patent applications that may ultimately issue with claims that we infringe. There is a risk that third parties may choose to engage in litigation with us to enforce or to otherwise assert their patent rights against us. Even if we believe such claims are without merit, a court of competent jurisdiction could hold that these third-party patents are valid and enforceable, and infringed by the use of our products and/or technologies, which could have a negative impact on the commercial success of our current and any future products or technologies. If we were to challenge the validity of any such third-party U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption of validity. As this burden is a high one requiring us to present clear and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of any such U.S. patent claim, there is no assurance that a court of competent jurisdiction would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent. We will have similar burdens to overcome in foreign courts in order to successfully challenge a third-party claim of patent infringement. 
 Our defense of any litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, defending such claims brought against us would cause us to incur substantial expenses. If such claims are successfully asserted against us, they may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees and could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent infringement or other intellectual property rights-related lawsuit were brought against us, we could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing and/or commercializing the infringing product or technologies. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property right. Although patent, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property disputes have often been settled through licensing or similar arrangements, costs associated with such arrangements may be substantial and could include ongoing royalties. We may not be able to obtain licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, in which event our business would be materially and adversely affected. Even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors and other third parties gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, if we are unable to obtain such licenses or make any necessary changes to our products or services, we could be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, which could harm our business significantly. 
 A finding of infringement, or an unfavorable interference or derivation proceedings outcome could prevent us from developing, manufacturing and/or commercializing our products or technologies, or force us to cease some or all of our business operations, 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. We could encounter delays in product introductions while we attempt to develop alternative products or technologies. 
 If third parties assert infringement, misappropriation or other claims against our customers, these claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers, regardless of the merits of these claims. If any of these claims succeed or settle, we may be forced to pay damages or settlement payments on behalf of our customers or may be required to obtain licenses for the products they use. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our products or technologies. 
 Additionally, our products include components that we purchase from suppliers and may include design components that are outside of our direct control. Our competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in patent portfolios, trade secrets, trademarks, and competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for or obtain, patents or trademarks that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use, sell and/or export our products or to use our technologies or product names. As the number of competitors in our market grows and the number of patents issued in this area increases, the possibility of patent infringement claims against us may increase. Moreover, individuals and groups that are non-practicing entities, commonly referred to as patent trolls, purchase patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement in order to extract settlements. From time to time, we may receive threatening letters, notices or invitations to license, or may be the subject of claims that our products and business operations infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. The defense of these matters can be time-consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management s attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand and cause us to incur significant expenses or make substantial payments. In addition, suppliers from whom we purchase hardware or software may not indemnify us in the event that such hardware or software is accused of infringing a third party s patent or trademark or of misappropriating a third party s trade secret. 
 Any lawsuits relating to intellectual property rights could subject us to significant liability for damages and invalidate our intellectual property. Any potential intellectual property litigation also could force us to do one or more of the following: 
 stop developing, making, selling or using products or technologies that allegedly infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the asserted intellectual property right; 
 pay substantial damages or royalties to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating; 
 redesign those products, services or technologies that contain the allegedly infringing intellectual property, which could be costly, disruptive and infeasible; and attempt to obtain a license to the relevant intellectual property rights from third parties, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or from third parties who may attempt to license rights that they do not have; 
 lose the opportunity to license our intellectual property rights to others or to collect royalty payments based upon successful protection and assertion of our intellectual property rights against others; 
 incur significant legal expenses; or 
 pay the attorney s fees and costs of litigation to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating. 
 Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review, inter partes review and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (for example, opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in revocation of or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our products or technologies. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we, our patent counsel, and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we may lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our products or technologies. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. There could also be public 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 announcements of the results of hearing, motions, or other interim developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of shares of our common stock. Even if we ultimately prevail, a court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any of the foregoing may cause us to incur substantial costs, and could place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of management from our core business and harm our reputation. 
 We are involved in lawsuits to protect, enforce or defend our patents and other intellectual property rights, which are expensive, time consuming and could ultimately be unsuccessful. 
 Nanostring 
 On May 6, 2021, we filed suit against Nanostring Technologies, Inc. ("Nanostring") in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Nanostring's GeoMx Digital Spatial Profiler and associated instruments and reagents infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 10,472,669, 10,662,467, 10,961,566, 10,983,113 and 10,996,219 (the "GeoMx Action"). On May 19, 2021, we filed an amended complaint additionally alleging that the GeoMx products infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 11,001,878 and 11,008,607. On May 4, 2022, we filed an amended complaint in the GeoMx Action additionally alleging that the GeoMx products infringe U.S. Patent No. 11,293,917 and withdrawing our claim of infringement of U.S. Patent No. 10,662,467. Nanostring filed its answer to the GeoMx Action on May 18, 2022. Discovery is in progress. A Markman hearing is scheduled for February 2023 and trial is scheduled for November 2023. 
 On February 28, 2022, we filed a second suit against Nanostring in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Nanostring's CosMx Spatial Molecular Imager and associated instruments, reagents and services infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 10,227,639 and 11,021,737 (the "CosMx Action"). On May 12, 2022, we filed an amended complaint in the CosMx Action additionally alleging that the CosMx products infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 11,293,051, 11,293,052 and 11,293,054. Nanostring filed its answer to the CosMx Action on May 26, 2022. Discovery is in progress. A Markman hearing is scheduled for July 2023 and trial is scheduled for June 2024. 
 On August 16, 2022, Nanostring filed a counterclaim in the CosMx Action alleging that our Visium products infringe U.S. Patent No. 11,377,689. We filed our answer to Nanostring's counterclaim in the CosMx Action on August 30, 2022. On November 23, 2022, we moved to sever claims relating to NanoString s assertion of U.S. Patent No. 11,377,689 and consolidate those claims with the patent case NanoString filed against us on October 20, 2022 (discussed below). On January 24, 2023, the Court granted our motion. 
 On October 20, 2022, Nanostring filed suit against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that our Visium products infringe U.S. Patent No. 11,473,142, a continuation of U.S. Patent No. 11,377,689 (the "Nanostring Action"). On January 24, 2023, the Court severed Nanostring s claims with respect to U.S. Patent No. 11,377,689 from the CosMx Action and consolidated those claims with this action. Discovery is in progress; no case schedule has been set. We believe Nanostring's claim in the Nanostring Action is meritless and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves. 
 On March 9, 2022, we filed suit in the Munich Regional Court in Germany alleging that Nanostring's CosMx Spatial Molecular Imager and associated instruments, reagents and services infringe EP Patent No. 2794928B1 (the "928 Patent") (the "Germany CosMx Action"). Nanostring filed its statement of defense to the Germany CosMx Action on August 26, 2022. A hearing on infringement is scheduled for March 2023 and a decision is expected around May 2023. On July 29, 2022, Nanostring filed a nullity action with the German Federal Patent Court challenging the validity of the 928 Patent. On February 10, 2023, the Federal Patent Court issued a preliminary opinion upholding the validity of certain claims of the 928 Patent directed to in situ analysis. A hearing on validity is scheduled before the Federal Patent Court in May 2024 and a decision is expected around the end of 2024. 
 Vizgen 
 In May 2022, we filed suit against Vizgen, Inc. ("Vizgen") in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Vizgen s MERSCOPE Platform and workflow and Vizgen s Lab Services program, including associated instruments and reagents, infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 11,021,737, 11,293,051, 11,293,052, 11,293,054 and 11,299,767. On July 25, 2022, Vizgen filed a motion to dismiss our claims for willful and indirect infringement, which the Court denied on September 19, 2022. Discovery is in progress. A Markman hearing is scheduled for July 2023 and trial is scheduled for July 2024. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 On August 30, 2022, Vizgen filed its answer and counterclaims alleging that our Xenium product infringes U.S. Patent No. 11,098,303. Vizgen also filed counterclaims alleging that we tortiously interfered with Vizgen's contractual and business relationship with Harvard and that we engaged in unfair practices under Massachusetts state law. On October 27, 2022, we filed a partial answer and motion to dismiss the infringement counterclaim and the tort counterclaims. On February 2, 2023, our motion to dismiss was denied. We believe Vizgen s claims are meritless and intend to vigorously defend ourselves. 
 Parse 
 On August 24, 2022, we filed suit against Parse Biosciences, Inc. ("Parse") in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Parse s Evercode Whole Transcriptomics and ATAC-seq products infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 10,155,981, 10,697,013, 10,240,197, 10,150,995, 10,619,207, and 10,738,357. On October 17, 2022, Parse filed a motion to dismiss alleging that the asserted claims are directed to patent ineligible subject matter. The Court held a hearing on the motion to dismiss on November 22, 2022, and supplemental briefing was submitted on December 15, 2022. A ruling on the motion to dismiss is expected around March 2023. Discovery has not yet commenced and no case schedule has been set. 
 In addition to the litigation discussed above, we may in the future be a party to other litigation or legal proceedings to protect, enforce or defend our patents or other intellectual property, which, if resolved adversely to us, could invalidate or render unenforceable our intellectual property or generally preclude us from restraining, enjoining or otherwise seeking to exclude competitors from commercializing products using technology developed or used by us. For example, our patents and any patents which we in-license may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated or circumvented. If patents we own or license are invalidated or otherwise limited, other companies may be better able to develop products that compete with ours, which would adversely affect our competitive position, business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The following are examples of litigation and other adversarial proceedings or disputes that we could become a party to involving our patents or patents licensed to us: 
 we have initiated, and in the future may initiate, litigation or other proceedings against third parties to enforce our patent rights; 
 third parties have initiated, and in the future may initiate, litigation or other proceedings seeking to invalidate patents owned by or licensed to us or to obtain a declaratory judgment that their product or technology does not infringe our patents or patents licensed to us or that such patents are invalid or unenforceable; 
 third parties have initiated, and in the future may initiate, oppositions, IPRs, post grant reviews or reexamination proceedings challenging the validity or scope of our patent rights, requiring us and/or licensors to participate in such proceedings to defend the validity and scope of our patents; 
 there are, and in the future may be, more challenges or disputes regarding inventorship or ownership of patents currently identified as being owned by or licensed to us; or 
 at our initiation or at the initiation of a third-party, the USPTO may initiate an interference between patents or patent applications owned by or licensed to us and those of our competitors, requiring us and/or licensors to participate in an interference proceeding to determine the priority of invention, which could jeopardize our patent rights. 
 Furthermore, many of our employees were previously employed at universities or other life sciences companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We or our employees may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers without consent. Although no such claims are currently pending, litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims if they arise in the future. If we fail to successfully defend such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may be subject to injunctive relief and lose valuable intellectual property rights. A loss of key research personnel work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize certain potential products, which could severely harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property effectively, our business would be harmed. 
 We rely on patent protection as well as trademark, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property rights protection and contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technologies, all of which provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. Worldwide we own or exclusively license over 700 issued or allowed patents and more than 1,050 pending patent applications as of December 31, 2022. We also license additional patents on a non-exclusive and/or territory restricted basis. We continue to file new patent applications to attempt to obtain further legal protection of the full range of our technologies. If we fail to protect our intellectual property, third parties may be able to 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 compete more effectively against us and we may incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to recover or restrict the use of our intellectual property. It is our general policy not to out-license our patents but to protect our sole right to own and practice our patents. 
 Our success depends in part on obtaining patent protection for our products and processes, preserving trade secrets, patents, copyrights and trademarks, operating without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties and acquiring licenses for technology or products. We may exercise our business judgment and choose to relinquish rights in trade secrets by filing applications that disclose and describe our inventions and certain trade secrets when we seek patent protection for certain of our products and technology. Our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents and we cannot predict how long it will take for such patents to be issued. Further, in some cases, we have only filed provisional patent applications on certain aspects of our products and technologies and each of these provisional patent applications is not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of the filing date of the applicable provisional patent application. Such provisional patents may not become issued patents for a variety of reasons, including our failure to file a non-provisional patent application within the permitted timeframe or a decision that doing so no longer makes business or financial sense. Publications of discoveries in scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain, despite the importance of seeking patent protection in our industry. 
 Further, other parties may challenge patents issued to us and courts or regulatory agencies may not hold our patents to be valid or enforceable. We may not be successful in defending challenges made against our patents and patent applications, even if we spend significant resources defending such challenges. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents and could deprive us of the ability to prevent others from using the technologies claimed in such issued patents. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States or other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. 
 In addition to pursuing patents on our technology, we take steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, corporate partners and, when needed, our advisors. Such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements and we may not be able to prevent such unauthorized disclosure. Monitoring unauthorized disclosure is difficult and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to prevent such disclosure are, or will be, adequate. If we were to enforce a claim that a third-party had illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets, it would be expensive and time consuming and the outcome would be unpredictable. 
 We also seek trademark registration to protect key trademarks such as our 10X, 10X GENOMICS, CHROMIUM, VISIUM and XENIUM marks, however, we have not yet registered all of our trademarks in all of our current and potential markets. If we apply to register these trademarks, our applications may not be allowed for registration and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. In addition, opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademark applications and registrations and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in enforcing them against third parties than we otherwise would. 
 With respect to all categories of intellectual property protection, our competitors could purchase our products and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, willfully infringe our intellectual property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside of our intellectual property rights. In addition, competitors may develop their own versions of our products in countries where we did not apply for patents, where our patents have not issued or where our intellectual property rights are not recognized and compete with us in those countries and markets. 
 The laws of some countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States and many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 infringement of our patents. The legal systems in certain countries may also favor state-sponsored or companies headquartered in particular jurisdictions over our first-in-time patents and other intellectual property protection. We are aware of incidents where such entities have stolen the intellectual property of domestic companies in order to create competing products and we believe we may face such circumstances ourselves in the future. In the Office of the United States Trade Representative USTR annual Special 301 Report released in 2019, the adequacy and effectiveness of intellectual property protection in a number of foreign countries were analyzed. A number of countries in which both we and our distributors operate are identified in the report as being on the Priority Watch List. In China, for instance, the USTR noted a range of IP-related concerns, including a need to strengthen IP protection and enforcement, including as to trade secret theft, online piracy and counterfeiting, the high-volume manufacture and export of counterfeit goods, and impediments to pharmaceutical innovation. The absence of harmonized intellectual property protection laws and effective enforcement makes it difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis. As a result, it is possible that we will not be able to enforce our rights against third parties that misappropriate our proprietary technology in those countries. 
 The U.S. law relating to the patentability of certain inventions in the life sciences is uncertain and rapidly changing, which may adversely impact our existing patents or our ability to obtain patents in the future. 
 Various courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have rendered decisions that impact the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to the life sciences. Specifically, these decisions stand for the proposition that patent claims that recite laws of nature (for example, the relationships between gene expression levels and the likelihood of risk of recurrence of cancer) are not themselves patentable unless those patent claims have sufficient additional features that provide practical assurance that the processes are genuine inventive applications of those laws rather than patent drafting efforts designed to monopolize the law of nature itself. What constitutes a sufficient additional feature is uncertain. Furthermore, in view of these decisions, in December 2014 the USPTO, published revised guidelines for patent examiners to apply when examining process claims for patent eligibility. This guidance was updated by the USPTO in July 2015 and additional illustrative examples provided in May 2016. The USPTO provided additional guidance on examination procedures pertaining to subject matter eligibility in April 2018 and June 2018. The guidance indicates that claims directed to a law of nature, a natural phenomenon or an abstract idea that do not meet the eligibility requirements should be rejected as non-statutory, patent ineligible subject matter; however, method of treatment claims that practically apply natural relationships should be considered patent eligible. We cannot assure you that our patent portfolio will not be negatively impacted by the current uncertain state of the law, new court rulings or changes in guidance or procedures issued by the USPTO. From time to time, the U.S. Supreme Court, other federal courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may change the standards of patentability and validity of patents within the life sciences and any such changes could have a negative impact on our business. 
 Risks related to ownership of our Class A common stock 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock by our existing stockholders could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market could occur at any time. We have registered all shares of Class A common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation and employee stock purchase plans. These shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance and, if applicable, vesting, subject to our insider trading policy, where applicable, and applicable securities laws including volume limitations applicable to affiliates under Rule 144 and Rule 701. Sales of Class A common stock in the public market may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales also could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Class A common stock. 
 The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our capital stock prior to the completion of our IPO, including our co-founders, and may depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our Class A common stock has one vote per share and our Class B common stock has ten votes per share, except as otherwise required by law. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B common stock and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and therefore are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. This concentrated control is expected to limit or preclude Class A stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. In addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that an investor may feel is in her or his best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning purposes where sole dispositive power and exclusive voting control with respect to the shares of Class B common stock is retained by the transferring holder and transfers between our co-founders. In addition, each outstanding share of Class B common stock held by a stockholder who is a natural person, or held by the permitted entities of such stockholder (as described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon the death of such natural person. In the event of the death or permanent and total disability of a co-founder, shares of Class B common stock held by such co-founder or his permitted entities will convert to Class A common stock, provided that the conversion will be deferred for nine months, or up to 18 months if approved by a majority of our independent directors, following his death or permanent and total disability. Transfers between our co-founders are permitted transfers and will not result in conversion of the shares of Class B common stock that are transferred. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock has had, and is expected to continue to have, the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those individual holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. To date, such conversions have had the effect of increasing the relative voting power of our co-founders and certain of our directors and is expected to continue to have such an effect if our co-founders and such directors retain their shares in the long term. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company requires the approval of a majority of our outstanding Class B common stock voting as a separate class; 
 our multi-class common stock structure provides our holders of Class B common stock with the ability to significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock; 
 our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and directors are only able to be removed from office for cause by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of our then outstanding capital stock; 
 certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require the approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of the voting power of our then outstanding capital stock; 
 any stockholder-proposed amendment to our amended and restated bylaws requires the approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of the voting power of our then outstanding capital stock; 
 our stockholders are only able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and are not able to take action by written consent for any matter; 
 our stockholders are able to act by written consent only if the action is first recommended or approved by the board of directors; 
 vacancies on our board of directors are able to be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders; 
 only our chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer or a majority of the board of directors are authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware; 
 our restated certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued, without the approval of the holders of our capital stock; and 
 advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 These anti-takeover defenses could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, stockholders or employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forum for the resolution of any claims under the Securities Act or any successor thereto. Nothing in our amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act, or any successor thereto, from bringing such claims in state or federal court, subject to applicable law. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing forum selection provisions. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of such stockholder s choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees and may result in increased costs for investors to bring a claim. If a court were to find the exclusive-forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations. 
 General risk factors 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 In the past we have provided, and in the future we may provide, guidance and other expectations regarding our expected financial and business performance. Correctly identifying key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain process, and our guidance or the other expectations we set may not ultimately be accurate and has in the past been inaccurate in certain respects. For example, in February 2022 we announced our expectations regarding full year 2022 revenue, which we revised in August 2022 to reflect lower expected revenue for full year 2022. In August 2022, we announced our goal to be free cash flow positive by the end of 2023. We may not be able to achieve this goal if we do not generate sufficient revenue or achieve our gross margin targets, if we acquire businesses or technologies, if our spending is higher than anticipated or due to many other factors. If our guidance varies from actual results or if we fail to meet other expectations regarding our business, including our previously announced objective to become free cash flow positive by the end of 2023, the market value of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report, these factors include: 
 the timing of our launch of future products and degree to which the launch and commercialization thereof meets the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 changes in the structure or funding of research at academic and research laboratories and institutions, including changes that would affect their ability to purchase our instruments or consumables; 
 the success of existing or new competitive businesses or technologies; 
 announcements about new research programs or products of our competitors; 
 general economic, industry and market conditions; 
 volatility and variations in market conditions in the life sciences sector generally, or the genomics sector specifically; 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 whether our financial results meet our publicly announced expectations or the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our estimates as to our financial results or development timelines, variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us or changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, that cover our Class A common stock or companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 investor perceptions of us or our industry; 
 the level of expenses related to any of our research and development programs or products; 
 litigation and governmental investigations involving us, our industry or both; 
 the outcomes of and related rulings in the litigation and administrative proceedings in which we are currently or may in the future become involved; 
 developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 
 the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 
 the announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 
 stock-based compensation expense; 
 the failure or discontinuation of any of our product development and research programs; 
 sales of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock by us, our insiders or other stockholders; 
 natural disasters, infectious diseases, conflict, war, civil unrest, epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19 outbreaks or resurgences or major catastrophic events; and 
 the other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 
 In recent years, stock markets in general, and the market for life sciences technology companies in particular (including companies in the genomics, biotechnology, diagnostics and related sectors), have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Volatility in our stock price also impacts the value of our equity compensation, which affects our ability to recruit and retain employees. In the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, securities litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. We have currently obtained only director and officer liability coverage (commonly referred to as Side A coverage). This means that while our directors and officers have direct insurance coverage for acts which the company is not legally required or permitted to indemnify them, the company itself does not have coverage for amounts incurred in defending, among other things, stockholder derivative or securities class action lawsuits or in the event of certain investigative actions, for amounts it must pay as a result of such suits or amounts it must pay to indemnify our directors or officers. We are in essence self-insuring for these costs. Any costs incurred in connection with such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Securities analysts may not publish favorable research or reports about our business or may publish no information at all, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 The trading market of our common stock is influenced to some extent by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us and our business. We do not control these analysts. The analysts who publish information about our common stock may have had relatively little experience with us or our industry, which could affect their ability to accurately forecast our results and could make it more likely that we fail to meet their estimates. If any of the analysts who cover us provide inaccurate or unfavorable research or issue an adverse opinion regarding our stock price, our stock price could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports covering us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. For example, the market price of our common stock declined after our financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 fell short of the expectations of securities analysts and investors. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. If our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from our assumptions, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. If our assumptions underlying our estimates and judgements relating to our critical accounting policies change or if actual circumstances differ from our assumptions, estimates or judgements, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices, including maintaining an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses because the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, SOX, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable federal and Delaware rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. 
 Our management and other personnel are required to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and have made some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements also could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. Moreover, these rules and regulations often are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 The rules and regulations applicable to us as a public company and recent trends in the insurance market have made it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. We have currently obtained only director and officer liability coverage (commonly referred to as Side A coverage). This means that while our directors and officers have direct insurance coverage for acts which the company is not legally required or permitted to indemnify them, the company itself does not have coverage for amounts incurred in defending, among other things, stockholder derivative or securities class action lawsuits or in the event of certain investigative actions, for amounts it must pay as a result of such suits or amounts it must pay to indemnify our directors or officers. We are in essence self-insuring for these costs. Any costs incurred in connection with such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In August 2021, the SEC announced that it had approved Nasdaq s proposed rule change to advance board diversity and enhance transparency of board diversity statistics through new listing requirements. Under these new listing rules, Nasdaq-listed companies are required, subject to certain exceptions, to annually disclose diversity statistics regarding their directors voluntary self-identified characteristics and include on their boards of directors at least two Diverse directors or publicly disclose why their boards do not include such Diverse directors. Under the phase-in period for these new listing rules, for companies listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, this disclosure requirement regarding the existence of at least one Diverse director applies starting on the later of August 7, 2023, or the date that the company files its proxy statement for its annual shareholder meeting during 2023, and regarding the existence of at least two Diverse directors applies starting on the later of August 6, 2025, or the 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 date that the company files its proxy statement for its annual shareholder meeting during 2025. Under the proposed rule, a Diverse director is someone who self-identifies either as (i) female, (ii) Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Asian, Native American or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, or two or more races or ethnicities, or (iii) lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender or a member of the queer community. 
 Our board of directors currently includes two female directors, and three directors from an underrepresented community. However, if our current or future female or other Diverse directors no longer serve on our board of directors prior to the applicable dates under the phase-in period for the new Nasdaq listing rules, we could be out of compliance with the new Nasdaq listing rules. We cannot assure that we can recruit, attract and/or retain qualified members of the board and meet gender and diversity requirements under Nasdaq listing rules, which may expose us to financial penalties and adversely affect our reputation. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our global corporate headquarters, research and development facilities and manufacturing and distribution centers are located in Pleasanton, California, where we lease approximately 307,000 square feet of space under leases expiring between December 2023 and June 2033, as well as a manufacturing center in Singapore. Including the Pleasanton leases, we lease approximately 396,000 square feet globally. In January 2021, we completed the acquisition of certain real property located in Pleasanton, California for an aggregate cash purchase price of 29.4 million. We intend to utilize this site to accommodate our future growth requirements and construction is expected to be completed on an approximately 150,000 square feet facility located on this site in the near future. We believe that our current and planned facilities are sufficient to meet our ongoing needs and that, if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are regularly subject to lawsuits, claims, arbitration proceedings, administrative actions and other legal and regulatory proceedings involving intellectual property disputes, commercial disputes, competition and other matters, and we may become subject to additional types of lawsuits, claims, arbitration proceedings, administrative actions, government investigations and legal and regulatory proceedings in the future and as our business grows, including proceedings related to product liability or our acquisitions, securities issuances or our business practices, including public disclosures about our business. Our success depends in part on our non-infringement of the patents or proprietary rights of third parties. In the past, third parties have asserted and may in the future assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. We have been involved in multiple patent litigation matters and other proceedings in the past and we expect that given the litigious history of our industry and the high profile of operating as a public company, third parties may claim that our products infringe their intellectual property rights. We have also initiated litigation to defend our technology including technology developed through our significant investments in research and development. It is our general policy not to out-license our patents but to protect our sole right to own and practice them. There are inherent uncertainties in these legal matters, some of which are beyond management s control, making the ultimate outcomes difficult to predict. 
 Nanostring 
 On May 6, 2021, we filed suit against Nanostring Technologies, Inc. ("Nanostring") in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Nanostring's GeoMx Digital Spatial Profiler and associated instruments and reagents infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 10,472,669, 10,662,467, 10,961,566, 10,983,113 and 10,996,219 (the "GeoMx Action"). On May 19, 2021, we filed an amended complaint additionally alleging that the GeoMx products infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 11,001,878 and 11,008,607. On May 4, 2022, we filed an amended complaint in the GeoMx Action additionally alleging that the GeoMx products infringe U.S. Patent No. 11,293,917 and withdrawing our claim of infringement of U.S. Patent No. 10,662,467. Nanostring filed its answer to the GeoMx Action on May 18, 2022. Discovery is in progress. A Markman hearing is scheduled for February 2023 and trial is scheduled for November 2023. 
 On February 28, 2022, we filed a second suit against Nanostring in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Nanostring's CosMx Spatial Molecular Imager and associated instruments, reagents and services infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 10,227,639 and 11,021,737 (the "CosMx Action"). On May 12, 2022, we filed an amended complaint in the CosMx Action additionally alleging that the CosMx products infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 11,293,051, 11,293,052 and 11,293,054. Nanostring filed 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 its answer to the CosMx Action on May 26, 2022. Discovery is in progress. A Markman hearing is scheduled for July 2023 and trial is scheduled for June 2024. 
 On August 16, 2022, Nanostring filed a counterclaim in the CosMx Action alleging that our Visium products infringe U.S. Patent No. 11,377,689. We filed our answer to Nanostring's counterclaim in the CosMx Action on August 30, 2022. On November 23, 2022, we moved to sever claims relating to NanoString s assertion of U.S. Patent No. 11,377,689 and consolidate those claims with the patent case NanoString filed against us on October 20, 2022 (discussed below). On January 24, 2023, the Court granted our motion. 
 On October 20, 2022, Nanostring filed suit against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that our Visium products infringe U.S. Patent No. 11,473,142, a continuation of U.S. Patent No. 11,377,689 (the "Nanostring Action"). On January 24, 2023, the Court severed Nanostring s claims with respect to U.S. Patent No. 11,377,689 from the CosMx Action and consolidated those claims with this action. Discovery is in progress; no case schedule has been set. We believe Nanostring's claim in the Nanostring Action is meritless and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves. 
 On March 9, 2022, we filed suit in the Munich Regional Court in Germany alleging that Nanostring's CosMx Spatial Molecular Imager and associated instruments, reagents and services infringe EP Patent No. 2794928B1 (the "928 Patent") (the "Germany CosMx Action"). Nanostring filed its statement of defense to the Germany CosMx Action on August 26, 2022. A hearing on infringement is scheduled for March 2023 and a decision is expected around May 2023. On July 29, 2022, Nanostring filed a nullity action with the German Federal Patent Court challenging the validity of the 928 Patent. On February 10, 2023, the Federal Patent Court issued a preliminary opinion upholding the validity of certain claims of the 928 Patent directed to in situ analysis. A hearing on validity is scheduled before the Federal Patent Court in May 2024 and a decision is expected around the end of 2024. 
 Vizgen 
 In May 2022, we filed suit against Vizgen, Inc. ("Vizgen") in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Vizgen s MERSCOPE Platform and workflow and Vizgen s Lab Services program, including associated instruments and reagents, infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 11,021,737, 11,293,051, 11,293,052, 11,293,054 and 11,299,767. On July 25, 2022, Vizgen filed a motion to dismiss our claims for willful and indirect infringement, which the Court denied on September 19, 2022. Discovery is in progress. A Markman hearing is scheduled for July 2023 and trial is scheduled for July 2024. 
 On August 30, 2022, Vizgen filed its answer and counterclaims alleging that our Xenium product infringes U.S. Patent No. 11,098,303. Vizgen also filed counterclaims alleging that we tortiously interfered with Vizgen's contractual and business relationship with Harvard and that we engaged in unfair practices under Massachusetts state law. On October 27, 2022, we filed a partial answer and motion to dismiss the infringement counterclaim and the tort counterclaims. On February 2, 2023, our motion to dismiss was denied. We believe Vizgen s claims are meritless and intend to vigorously defend ourselves. 
 Parse 
 On August 24, 2022, we filed suit against Parse Biosciences, Inc. ("Parse") in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Parse s Evercode Whole Transcriptomics and ATAC-seq products infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 10,155,981, 10,697,013, 10,240,197, 10,150,995, 10,619,207, and 10,738,357. On October 17, 2022, Parse filed a motion to dismiss alleging that the asserted claims are directed to patent ineligible subject matter. The Court held a hearing on the motion to dismiss on November 22, 2022, and supplemental briefing was submitted on December 15, 2022. A ruling on the motion to dismiss is expected around March 2023. Discovery has not yet commenced and no case schedule has been set. 
 For further discussion of the risks relating to intellectual property and our pending litigation, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks related to litigation and our intellectual property under Item 1A. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol TXG. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were 41 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 21 holders of record of our Class B common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph below is not soliciting material or deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or into any other filing of 10x Genomics, Inc. under the Securities Act except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference therein, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholder return on our Class A common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Composite Index. An investment of 100 is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock and each index at market close on September 12, 2019 (the first day of trading of our Class A Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. Pursuant to applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules, all values assume reinvestment of the full amount of all dividends, however no dividends have been declared on our Class A common stock to date. The offering price of our Class A common stock in our initial public offering IPO ), which had a closing stock price of 52.75 on September 12, 2019, was 39.00 per share. The stockholder returns shown on the graph below are based on historical results and are not indicative of future performance, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 among 10x Genomics, Inc., the Nasdaq Composite Index 
 and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Composite Index 
 
 Cumulative Total Return September 12, 2019 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 10x Genomics, Inc. 100 144.55 268.44 282.39 69.08 Nasdaq Composite Index 100 109.50 157.28 190.92 127.73 Nasdaq Biotechnology Composite Index 100 115.79 145.53 144.61 128.83 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

75 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report and our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 As discussed in the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements, the following discussion and analysis, in addition to historical financial information, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in the section titled Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A above. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a life science technology company focused on building innovative products to interrogate, understand and master biology. Our integrated platform solutions include instruments, consumables and software for analyzing biological systems at a resolution and scale that matches the complexity of biology. We have launched multiple products that enable researchers to understand and interrogate biological analytes in their full biological context. Our commercial product portfolio leverages our Chromium X Series and Chromium Connect, which we refer to as Chromium instruments, our Visium CytAssist, an instrument designed to simplify the Visium solution workflow by facilitating the transfer of transcriptomic probes from standard glass slides to Visium slides, our Xenium Analyzer, an instrument designed for fully automated high-throughput analysis of cells in their tissue environment, and our proprietary microfluidic chips, slides, reagents and other consumables for our Chromium, Visium and Xenium solutions, which we refer to as consumables. We bundle our software with these products to guide customers through the workflow, from sample preparation through analysis and visualization. Since launching our first product in mid-2015 through December 31, 2022, cumulatively we have sold 4,630 instruments to researchers around the world, including all of the top 100 global research institutions as ranked by Nature in 2021 based on publications and all of the top 20 global biopharmaceutical companies by 2021 research and development spend. 
 Our products cover a wide variety of applications and allow researchers to analyze biological systems at fundamental resolution and on massive scale, such as at the single cell level for millions of cells. Customers purchase instruments and consumables from us for use in their experiments. In addition to instrument and consumable sales, we derive revenue from post-warranty service contracts for our instruments. 
 We focus a substantial portion of our resources on developing new products and solutions. Our research and development efforts are centered around improving the performance of our existing assays and software, improving and developing new capabilities for our Chromium, Visium and Xenium platforms, developing combined software and workflows across multiple solutions and investigating new technologies. We intend to make significant investments in this area for the foreseeable future. 
 Historically, we have financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through sales of convertible preferred stock and common stock, revenue from sales of our products and the incurrence of indebtedness. In September 2019, we completed our initial public offering for aggregate proceeds of 410.8 million, net of offering costs, underwriter discounts and commissions. In September 2020, we completed a public offering of our Class A common stock for aggregate proceeds of 482.3 million, net of offering costs, underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 Since our inception in 2012, we have incurred net losses in each year. Our net losses were 166.0 million and 58.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.0 billion and cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling 430.0 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future and to incur operating losses in the near term. We expect our expenses will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 
 attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; 
 scale our technology platforms and introduce new products and services; 
 protect and defend our intellectual property; 
 acquire businesses or technologies; and 
 invest in processes, tools and infrastructure and facilities to support the growth of our business. 

76 

Table of Contents 

 Operational Effectiveness in the COVID-19 Pandemic Environment 
 We continue to closely monitor developments surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic including, among other developments, the potential impacts of variants. Many of our customers continue to navigate COVID-19 related challenges that we believe have affected our customers productivity. Such challenges have included COVID-19 related protocols and restrictions, difficulties hiring, training and retaining laboratory and other personnel, constraints on logistics, shipping and other distribution operations and impediments to procuring materials, equipment and components required for their experiments. For example, we believe COVID-19 related lockdowns in China negatively impacted our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. We, our suppliers and our other partners also have encountered COVID-19 related challenges, including difficulties procuring equipment, materials and components necessary to develop, manufacture and distribute our products, but to date we have not experienced any material impacts as a result of such challenges. 
 There is considerable uncertainty about the duration of these disruptions. We expect these disruptions to continue to impact our operating results, however, the extent of the financial impact and duration cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. For further discussion of the risks relating to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, see the section titled Risk Factors, generally, and Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry We are subject to risks associated with COVID-19 , specifically, under Part I, Item 1A. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 On January 8, 2021, we acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of Tetramer Shop ApS, a privately held company based in Copenhagen, Denmark, for 8.5 million in cash, net of cash acquired of 0.2 million. Tetramer Shop ApS developed and provided reagents for precise monitoring of antigen-specific T cells in research and development, which we commercialized with our BEAM-T product in 2022. 
 On October 13, 2020, we purchased all of the outstanding shares of ReadCoor, a privately held company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, for 407.4 million, inclusive of 1.6 million of transaction costs and net of cash acquired of 9.2 million. The total purchase consideration comprised of 101.4 million in cash and 306.0 million in shares of the Company's common stock. On August 21, 2020, we purchased all of the outstanding shares of CartaNA, a privately held company based in Stockholm, Sweden, for 41.8 million, inclusive of 0.6 million of transaction costs and net of cash acquired of 1.5 million. ReadCoor and CartaNA were developing in situ technology which when combined with internal innovations formed the foundation of our Xenium platform. 
 See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further details of the above acquisitions. 
 
 Key business metrics 
 We regularly review a number of operating and financial metrics, including cumulative instruments sold and consumable pull-through, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe that these metrics are representative of our current business; however, we anticipate these may change or may be substituted for additional or different metrics as our business grows and as we introduce new products. For example, as further described below, various factors make consumable pull-through per instrument less useful than in past periods and we do not intend to present this key metric in future filings. 
 Cumulative instruments sold 
 As of December 31, 
 2022 2021 Cumulative instruments sold 4,630 3,511 
 Our products are sold to academic, government, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and other leading institutions around the globe. Our Chromium Controller, Chromium X Series and Visium CytAssist instruments are user installable and do not require in-person training. Our Chromium Connect and Xenium instruments require installation and we offer in-person training for their use. We believe cumulative instruments sold, a metric we previously referred to as our instrument installed base, is one of the indicators of our ability to drive customer adoption of our products. We define cumulative instruments sold as the cumulative number of Chromium instruments, including the Chromium X Series, the Chromium Connect and the legacy Chromium Controller, Visium CytAssist instruments and Xenium instruments sold since inception. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Our quarterly instrument unit volumes can fluctuate due to a number of factors, including the procurement and budgeting cycles of many of our customers, especially government and academic institutions where unused funds may be forfeited or future budgets reduced if purchases are not made by their fiscal year end, and the purchasing patterns of international customers which vary due to procurement or budgeting cycles, holidays or other factors which may result in a disproportionate amount of their purchasing activity occurring in specific periods. Similarly, our biopharmaceutical customers typically have calendar year fiscal years which may result in a disproportionate amount of their purchasing activity occurring during our fourth quarter. We also believe the timing of unit sales has been impacted and will continue to be impacted by the timing of product introductions and transitions which can either accelerate or delay demand of existing and new products depending on the needs of individual researchers to conclude existing studies or to use new and improved product capabilities. Also, the timing of our price increases, typically at the beginning of a new calendar year, can pull forward additional volume to the quarter before. We therefore believe that an annual representation of cumulative instruments sold is most appropriate for assessing trends in our business. 
 Consumable pull-through per instrument 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Consumable pull-through per instrument 109 142 
 Our consumables portfolio includes proprietary microfluidic chips, slides, reagents and other consumables across our platforms. The figures in the table above represent the annual consumable pull-through per instrument for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We define consumable pull-through per instrument as the total consumables revenue in the given quarter divided by the average number, during that quarter, of cumulative instruments sold since inception. We calculate the average number of cumulative instruments sold since inception for a given quarter using the number of cumulative instruments sold since inception as of the last day of the prior quarter and the number of cumulative instruments sold since inception as of the last day of the given quarter. We calculate the annual consumable pull-through per instrument figure by summing the quarterly pull-through for the quarters in a given year. We do not believe the consumable pull-through per instrument in an individual quarter is an effective indicator of current business trends as quarterly consumable pull-through can fluctuate due to a number of factors, including the timing of product transitions, budget and funding cycles of our customers, expansion into new global markets and industries and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers' operations. 
 With the increasing complexity of our product offerings and the expansion of our product portfolio, pull-through per instrument is becoming less representative of trends in our business for a number of reasons. We have discontinued our legacy Chromium Controller which has been replaced by the Chromium X Series as well as Chromium Connect instruments, and many Chromium Controller users have upgraded to newer instruments. In addition, some customers purchase and regularly utilize more than one Chromium instrument. The utilization patterns of our customers vary. Also, we have expanded our instrument portfolio and now sell several types of instruments across all three of our platforms, each with unique use cases and utilization patterns. Certain of our solutions do not require an instrument, such as our Visium Spatial Gene Expression solution. Each of these factors make average consumable pull-through per instrument less useful than in past periods. As such, the year ending December 31, 2022 will be the last reporting period in which it is a key business metric. 
 
 Key factors affecting our performance 
 We believe that our financial performance has been and in the foreseeable future will continue to be primarily driven by the following factors. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for our business, they also pose important challenges that we must successfully address in order to sustain our growth and improve our results of operations. Our ability to successfully address the factors below is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described under the heading Risk Factors . 
 Instrument sales 
 Management focuses on instrument sales as an indicator of current business success and a leading indicator of likely future sales of consumables. We expect our instrument sales to continue to grow as we increase penetration in our existing markets and expand into, or offer new features and solutions that appeal to, new markets. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 We plan to grow our instrument sales in the coming years through multiple strategies including expanding our sales efforts globally and continuing to enhance the underlying technology and applications for life sciences research. As part of this strategy and in an effort to increase the rate of sales of our instruments, we increased our sales force by 9 from December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2022. We regularly solicit feedback from our customers and focus our research and development efforts on enhancing the fleet of 10x instruments and enabling their ability to use additional applications that address their needs, which we believe in turn helps to drive additional sales of our instruments and consumables. In 2020, we introduced our Chromium Connect instrument, which is an automated version of our legacy Chromium Controller instrument. We believe the automated features of the Chromium Connect will increase our addressable market by increasing utilization by biopharmaceutical customers. In 2021, we introduced our Chromium X Series which consists of the Chromium X, a high-throughput instrument to deliver routine million cell experiments, and the Chromium iX, an instrument capable of running experiments for tens of thousands of cells seamlessly upgradable to the Chromium X as scientists expand their research projects. In 2022, we introduced our Visium CytAssist instrument, which streamlines the workflow of our Visium Spatial assays, and our Xenium Analyzer instrument, which is designed for fully automated high-throughput analysis of cells in their tissue environment. 
 Our sales process varies considerably depending upon the type of customer to whom we are selling. Our sales process with small laboratories and individual researchers is often short, and in some cases, we receive purchase orders from these customers in under a month. Our sales process with other institutions can be longer with most customers submitting purchase orders within six months. Given the variability of our sales cycle, we have in the past experienced, and likely will in the future experience, fluctuations in our instrument sales on a period-to-period basis. 
 Recurring consumable revenue 
 We regularly assess trends relating to recurring consumable revenue based on our product offerings, our customer base and our understanding of how our customers use our products. We sell additional instruments and launch additional consumables solutions, some of which do not require the use of a 10x instrument, to drive increased consumables usage by our existing customers and to gain new customers. Consumables revenue on an absolute basis is expected to increase over time and remain the bulk of our revenue. 
 Revenue mix and gross margin 
 Our revenue is derived from sales of our instruments, consumables and services. There have been fluctuations in the mix between instruments and consumables and amongst our consumables. Each of our consumables solutions is designed to allow researchers to study a different aspect of biology, such as DNA, RNA, protein or epigenetics, at a resolution and scale that may be impractical or impossible using existing tools. As each of our solutions has been introduced, they have been initially purchased by a small number of early adopters. As these early adopters successfully perform experiments and publish scientific articles using our solutions, the utility of these solutions is more broadly understood and the solutions are then subsequently adopted by the larger research community. The revenue contribution from these and other consumable products has varied and is expected to vary on a quarterly basis due to several factors, including the publication of scientific papers demonstrating the value of the consumables, the availability of grants to fund research, budgetary timing and our introduction of new product features and new consumables offerings. 
 For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our Single Cell Gene Expression consumables, which were introduced in 2016, were our highest selling consumables product. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the remaining consumables revenue was substantially comprised of sales of our Single Cell Immune Profiling consumables, Single Cell Multiome ATAC+Gene Expression solution and Visium. Revenue contribution from our Single Cell Gene Expression and Single Cell ATAC consumables decreased as a percentage of overall consumables revenue while revenue contribution from our Single Cell Immune Profiling, Single Cell Multiome ATAC+Gene Expression solution and Visium consumables increased as a percentage of overall consumables revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our margins are generally higher for those instruments and consumables that we sell directly to customers as compared to those that we sell through distributors. While we expect the mix of direct sales as compared to sales through distributors to remain relatively constant in the near term, we are currently evaluating increasing our direct sales capabilities in certain geographies. 
 Overall, we expect our gross margin will trend lower in the near-term due in part to change in product mix with newly introduced products and the impacts of inflation and increased supply chain costs. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Continued investment in growth 
 Our significant revenue growth has been driven by rapid innovation towards novel solutions that command price premiums and quick adoption of our solutions by our customer base. In 2022 and 2021, we introduced five and four new consumables products for each of these years, respectively. We intend to continue to make focused investments to increase revenue and scale operations to support the growth of our business and therefore expect expenses in this area to increase. 
 We have invested, and will continue to invest, in our manufacturing capabilities and commercial infrastructure. We expect to complete the expansion of our research and development center and manufacturing facility adjacent to our Pleasanton global headquarters in the near future. We expect our operating expenditures to continue to increase in 2023 and beyond as we increase our investment to support new and existing research and development projects and incentivize and retain key talent, which we expect to result in increased stock-based compensation expense in future periods. As cost of revenue, operating expenses and capital expenditures fluctuate over time, we may experience short-term, negative impacts to our results of operations and cash flows, but we are undertaking such investments in the belief that they will contribute to long-term growth. 
 Acquisitions of key technologies 
 We have made, and intend to continue to make, investments that meet management s criteria to expand or add key technologies that we believe will facilitate the commercialization of new products in the future. Such investments could take the form of an acquisition of a business, asset acquisition or the exclusive or non-exclusive in-license of intellectual property rights. Any such acquisitions we make may affect our future financial results. For example, our 2021 acquisition of Tetramer Shop, which specialized in the development and provision of reagents for precise monitoring of antigen-specific T cells in research and development was accounted for as a business acquisition resulting in capitalization of intangible assets such as developed technology and goodwill. Additionally, our 2020 acquisitions of CartaNA and ReadCoor were largely comprised of purchases of intellectual property which were expensed as in-process research and development in the quarter during which such acquisitions occurred. While we have not previously entered into material joint-development, partnership or joint-venture agreements, we may in the future decide to do so and any such arrangements may limit our rights and the commercial opportunities of any jointly developed technology. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate virtually all of our revenue through the sale of our instruments and consumables to customers. We also generate a small portion of our revenue from instrument service agreements which relate to extended warranties. Our revenue is subject to fluctuation based on the foreign currency in which our products are sold, principally for sales denominated in the euro. 
 Our revenue from consumables includes sales of our Chromium, Visium and Xenium consumable products. Our consumables are designed to work exclusively with our instruments. Our Chromium, Xenium and Visium Spatial Proteogenomics consumables require the use of a 10x Genomics instrument, while use of a 10x instrument is optional for our Visium Spatial Gene Expression solution. Our instruments and consumables are generally sold without the right of return. Revenue is recognized as instruments and consumables are shipped. Revenue is recognized net of any sales incentive, distributor rebates and commissions and any taxes collected from customers. Instrument service agreements are typically entered into for a one-year term, with the coverage period beginning after the expiration of the standard one-year warranty period. Revenue from the sale of instrument service agreements are recognized ratably over the coverage period. 
 Cost of revenue, gross profit and gross margin 
 Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue primarily consists of manufacturing costs incurred in the production process including personnel and related costs, costs of component materials, manufacturing overhead, packaging and delivery costs and allocated costs including facilities and information technology. We plan to hire additional employees as well as expand our manufacturing, warehousing and product distribution facilities, including increasing manufacturing automation to support our growth. In addition, cost of revenue includes royalty costs for licensed technologies included in our products, warranty costs, provisions for slow-moving and obsolete inventory and personnel and related costs and component costs incurred in connection with our obligations under our instrument service agreements. We record royalty accruals relating to sales of majority of our products as cost of revenue. 
 Gross profit/gross margin. Gross profit is calculated as revenue less cost of revenue. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of revenue. Our gross profit and gross margins in future periods are expected to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on a variety of factors, including: market conditions that may impact our pricing; sales mix changes among 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 consumables, instruments and services; product mix changes between established products and new products; impacts of inflation and increased supply chain costs; excess and obsolete inventories; royalties; our cost structure for manufacturing operations relative to volume; and product warranty obligations. We currently anticipate that we will experience an increase in absolute dollars of both revenue and cost of revenue as we grow our business. 
 Research and development. Research and development expense primarily consists of personnel and related costs, independent contractor costs, laboratory supplies, equipment maintenance prototype and materials expenses, amortization of developed technology and intangibles and allocated costs including facilities and information technology. 
 We plan to continue to invest in our research and development efforts, including hiring additional employees, to enhance existing products and develop new products. In addition to making investments in next generation products for single cell and spatial analysis, our ReadCoor and CartaNA acquisitions which when combined with internal innovations formed the basis of our Xenium platform. We also expect allocated facilities and information technology costs to increase in future periods as a result of higher costs associated with the expansion to our global headquarters and research and development center in Pleasanton, California. As a result of these and other initiatives, we expect research and development expense will increase in absolute dollars in future periods and vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue. 
 In-process research and development. In-process research and development consists of costs incurred to acquire intellectual property for research and development. We expect these costs to be recognized only in periods during which we complete an acquisition of assets comprised in whole or part of intellectual property for research and development. We periodically evaluate acquisitions of this nature. 
 Selling, general and administrative. Selling, general and administrative expense primarily consists of costs related to the selling and marketing of our products, including sales incentives and advertising expenses and costs associated with our finance, accounting, legal (excluding accrued contingent liabilities), human resources and administrative personnel. Related costs associated with these functions, such as attorney and accounting fees, recruiting services, administrative services, insurance, public relations and communication activities, marketing programs and trade show appearances, travel, customer service costs, safety equipment purchases and cleaning and allocated costs including facilities and information technology, are also included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 We expect to incur additional selling, general and administrative expenses due to continued investment in our sales, marketing and customer service efforts to support the anticipated growth of our business. We also expect increased infrastructure costs, as well as increased costs for accounting, human resources, legal including litigation-related fees and contingency payments, insurance and investor relations. We also expect allocated facilities costs to increase in future periods as a result of higher costs associated with the expansion to our global headquarters and research and development center in Pleasanton, California. As a result of these and other initiatives, we expect selling, general and administrative expenses to vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue and increase in absolute dollars in future periods. We expect our stock-based compensation expense allocated to cost of revenue, research and development expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars. 
 Accrued contingent liabilities 
 In 2021 and 2020, accrued contingent liabilities were comprised of the original charge, estimated royalties and interest charges primarily related to our litigation with Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. We did not incur any accrued contingent liabilities in 2022. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents which are invested in bank deposit, in money market funds and from our investments in marketable securities. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses related to foreign exchange rate remeasurements. 

81 

Table of Contents 

Provision for income taxes 
 Our provision for income taxes consists primarily of foreign taxes and state taxes in the United States. As we expand the scale and scope of our international business activities, any changes in the United States and foreign taxation of such activities may increase our overall provision for income taxes in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of 717.0 million and federal tax credit carryforwards of 59.0 million. Our federal NOLs generated after January 1, 2018, which total 708.5 million, are carried forward indefinitely, while all of our other federal NOLs and tax credit carryforwards expire beginning in 2033. As of December 31, 2022, we had state NOLs of 375.7 million, which expire beginning in 2033. In addition, we had state tax credit carryforwards of 46.6 million, which carry forward indefinitely. Our ability to utilize such carryforwards for income tax savings is subject to certain conditions and may be subject to certain limitations in the future due to ownership changes. As such, there can be no assurance that we will be able to utilize such carryforwards. We have experienced a history of losses and a lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability to utilize these NOLs and research and development credit carryforwards. We currently maintain a full valuation allowance against these tax assets. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income may be limited. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 shareholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of our stock at the time of such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization. We completed a study through October 31, 2022 to determine whether an ownership change had occurred under Section 382 or 383 of the Code, and we determined that an ownership change occurred in 2013. As a result, our net operating losses generated through November 1, 2013 may be subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Code. In addition, certain attributes attributable to ReadCoor are subject to annual limitations as a result of our acquisition of ReadCoor, which constituted an ownership change of ReadCoor. Such limitations may result in expiration of a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes before utilization. Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards, research and development credit carryforwards and other tax attributes to reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be further limited as a result of future changes in stock ownership. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards or other pre-change tax attributes to offset United States federal and state taxable income may still be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 516,409 490,490 298,845 Cost of revenue 120,386 74,091 58,468 Gross profit 396,023 416,399 240,377 Operating expenses: Research and development 
 265,667 211,752 123,375 In-process research and development 447,548 Selling, general and administrative 
 298,300 257,560 202,326 Accrued contingent liabilities (660) 1,270 Total operating expenses 563,967 468,652 774,519 Loss from operations (167,944) (52,253) (534,142) Other income (expense): Interest income 6,647 206 1,532 Interest expense (476) (866) (1,682) Other (expense) income, net (198) (802) 1,337 Loss on extinguishment of debt (1,521) Total other income (expense) 5,973 (1,462) (334) Loss before provision for income taxes (161,971) (53,715) (534,476) Provision for income taxes 4,029 4,508 8,255 Net loss (166,000) (58,223) (542,731) 
 
 Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 
 
 Instruments 72,396 64,474 7,922 12 Consumables 435,588 418,740 16,848 4 Services 8,425 7,276 1,149 16 Total revenue 516,409 490,490 25,919 5 
 Revenue increased 25.9 million, or 5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to year ended December 31, 2021. Instrument revenue increased 7.9 million, or 12 , to 72.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher volume of instruments sold including our newly introduced Visium CytAssist and Xenium instruments. The number of instruments sold during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,119 units and the cumulative instruments sold since inception was 4,630 units. Consumables revenue increased 16.8 million, or 4 , to 435.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily driven by higher volume of instruments sold, partially offset by decreased demand due to limited laboratory productivity arising from the continued impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, including lockdowns in China. 
 Cost of revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 
 
 Cost of revenue 120,386 74,091 46,295 62 Gross profit 396,023 416,399 (20,376) (5) Gross margin 77 85 
 Cost of revenue increased 46.3 million, or 62 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a one-time reversal of 14.7 million of accrued royalties resulting from 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 the Settlement and Patent Cross License Agreement with Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (the "Bio-Rad Agreement") during the year ended December 31, 2021, 19.7 million from higher manufacturing costs due to increased sales and higher costs of newly introduced products, 5.1 million of higher inventory scrap and excess and obsolete inventory charges, 3.7 million of higher warranty costs and 3.1 million of higher royalty expenses. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 
 
 Research and development 265,667 211,752 53,915 25 Selling, general and administrative 298,300 257,560 40,740 16 Accrued contingent liabilities (660) 660 (100) Total operating expenses 563,967 468,652 95,315 20 
 Research and development expense increased 53.9 million, or 25 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in personnel expenses of 34.8 million, including 17.2 million in stock-based compensation expense and 1.4 million in restructuring expense, higher costs of laboratory materials and supplies of 4.6 million used to support our research and development efforts, 11.2 million of higher costs for facilities and information technology to support operational expansion, higher consulting and professional services of 1.1 million for product development and 0.9 million of higher depreciation. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 40.7 million, or 16 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased personnel expenses of 50.3 million, including 21.6 million in stock-based compensation expense and 2.5 million in restructuring expense, 3.1 million of higher costs for facilities and information technology to support operational expansion, partially offset by decreased outside legal expenses of 7.7 million, 3.8 million of consulting and professional services and 2.5 million of lower marketing expenses related to conferences and seminars. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Interest income 6,647 206 6,441 3,127 Interest expense (476) (866) 390 (45) Other (expense) income, net (198) (802) 604 (75) Total other income (expense) 5,973 (1,462) 7,435 (509) 
 Interest income increased by 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to interest income generated from our cash equivalents and marketable securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and an increase in interest rates. 
 Interest expense decreased by 0.4 million, or 45 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 driven primarily by lower interest expense recognized on accrued license fees. 
 The change in other income (expense), net for the year December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by realized and unrealized losses from foreign currency rate measurement fluctuations. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The Company s provision for income taxes was 4.0 million and 4.5 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consists primarily of foreign taxes. Deferred tax assets related to our domestic operations are fully offset by a valuation allowance. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 430.0 million in cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities which were primarily held in U.S. banks. Short-term restricted cash of 2.6 million and long-term restricted cash of 5.0 million primarily serves as collateral for outstanding letters of credit for facilities. We have generated negative cumulative cash flows from operations since inception through the year ended December 31, 2022, and we have generated losses from operations since inception as reflected in our accumulated deficit of 1.0 billion. 
 We currently anticipate making aggregate capital expenditures of between approximately 60 million and 70 million during the next 12 months, the majority of which we expect to incur for construction costs of the facilities on our property in Pleasanton, California in the first half of 2023, as well as other global facilities and equipment to be used for manufacturing and research and development. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our revenue growth rate, research and development efforts, investments in or acquisitions of complementary or enhancing technologies or businesses, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, the timing and extent of additional capital expenditures to invest in existing and new facilities, the expansion of sales and marketing and international activities and the introduction of new products. We take a long-term view in growing and scaling our business and we regularly review acquisition and investment opportunities, and we may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in businesses, real estate, services and technologies, including intellectual property rights, and any such acquisitions or investments could significantly increase our capital needs. We regularly review opportunities that meet our long-term growth objectives. 
 While we expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the investments we intend to make, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from sales of our products will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. However, our liquidity assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and we could exhaust our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect. We intend to continue to evaluate market conditions and may in the future pursue additional sources of funding, such as mortgage or other financing, to further enhance our financial position and to execute our business strategy. In addition, should prevailing economic, financial, business or other factors adversely affect our ability to meet our operating cash requirements, we could be required to obtain funding though traditional or alternative sources of financing. We cannot be certain that additional funds would be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. 
 Sources of liquidity 
 Since our inception, we have financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through sales of convertible preferred stock and common stock, revenue from sales of our products and the incurrence of indebtedness. In September 2019, we completed our initial public offering for aggregate proceeds of 410.8 million, net of offering costs, underwriter discounts and commissions. In September 2020, we completed a public offering of our Class A common stock for aggregate proceeds of 482.3 million, net of offering costs, underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 Cash flow summary 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 (in thousands) 
 Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (33,606) (21,373) Investing activities (350,887) (106,729) Financing activities 15,817 35,297 Effect of exchange rates changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (44) 234 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (368,720) (92,571) 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Operating activities 
 The net cash used in operating activities of 33.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to a net loss of 166.0 million, net cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities of 39.4 million, partially offset by stock-based compensation expense of 136.8 million, depreciation and amortization of 25.4 million, amortization of leased right-of-use assets of 7.6 million, loss on disposal of property and equipment of 1.1 million and amortization of premium and accretion of discount on marketable securities, net of 0.9 million. The net cash outflow from operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to an increase in inventory of 21.2 million due to anticipated demand including new product introductions and supply chain management, an increase in accounts receivable of 18.9 million primarily due to increase in revenue and timing of collections, a decrease of 6.4 million due to payment of operating lease liabilities, an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 4.5 million and a decrease in other noncurrent liabilities of 2.9 million. The net cash outflow from operating assets and liabilities was partially offset by an increase in accounts payable of 5.9 million due to timing of vendor payments, an increase in deferred revenue of 3.4 million, an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 3.3 million, an increase in accrued compensation and other related benefits of 1.1 million and a decrease in other noncurrent assets of 0.9 million. 
 The net cash used in operating activities of 21.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due primarily to a net loss of 58.2 million, net cash outflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities of 87.4 million, partially offset by stock-based compensation expense of 96.0 million, depreciation and amortization of 21.1 million and amortization of leased right-of-use assets of 7.1 million. The net cash outflow from operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a decrease in accrued contingent liabilities of 44.2 million, of which 29.4 million was paid as cash settlement arising from the Bio-Rad Agreement, an increase in accounts receivable of 34.0 million due to an increase in sales, an increase in inventory of 30.1 million due to build of inventory to meet anticipated demand, a decrease in other noncurrent liabilities of 4.7 million, an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 1.1 million, a decrease of 2.5 million in payment of operating lease expenses and a decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 0.9 million due to the timing of payments including license fees. The net cash outflow from operating assets and liabilities was partially offset by an increase in accrued compensation and other related benefits of 16.3 million, an increase in accounts payable of 11.1 million due to higher operational spending and timing of vendor payments, a decrease in deferred revenue of 1.5 million and a decrease in other noncurrent assets of 1.0 million. 
 Investing activities 
 The net cash used in investing activities of 350.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to purchases of marketable securities of 282.9 million, purchases of property and equipment of 131.7 million and payment of acquisition-related holdback cash and contingent consideration of 4.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities of 49.1 million and 18.5 million, respectively. 
 The net cash used in investing activities of 106.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to purchases of property and equipment of 101.3 million including the purchase of land for 28.1 million and cash paid for the acquisition of Tetramer Shop of 5.5 million. 
 Financing activities 
 The net cash provided by financing activities of 15.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily from proceeds of 21.2 million from the issuance of common stock from the exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan purchases partially offset by payments on financing arrangements of 5.4 million. 
 The net cash provided by financing activities of 35.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily from proceeds of 40.3 million from the issuance of common stock from the exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan purchases partially offset by payments on financing arrangements of 5.0 million. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that the accounting estimates described below involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Revenue recognition 
 We generate revenue from sales of products and services, and our products consist of instruments and consumables. Revenue from product sales is recognized when control of the product is transferred, which is generally upon shipment to the customer. Instrument service agreements, which relate to extended warranties, are typically entered into for one-year terms, following the expiration of the standard one-year warranty period. Revenue for extended warranties is recognized ratably over the term of the extended warranty period as a stand ready performance obligation. Revenue is recorded net of discounts, distributor commissions and sales taxes collected on behalf of governmental authorities. Customers are invoiced generally upon shipment, or upon order for services, and payment is typically due within 45 days. Cash received from customers in advance of product shipment or providing services is recorded as a liability. Our contracts with our customers generally do not include rights of return or a significant financing component. 
 We regularly enter into contracts that include various combinations of products and services which are generally distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation in proportion to its standalone selling price. We determine standalone selling price using average selling prices with consideration of current market conditions. If the product or service has no history of sales or if the sales volume is not sufficient, we rely upon prices set by management, adjusted for applicable discounts. 
 Inventory 
 Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost, determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or net realizable value. We use judgment to analyze and determine if the composition of our inventory is obsolete, slow-moving or unsalable and frequently review such determinations. We write down specifically identified unusable, obsolete, slow-moving or known unsalable inventory in the period that it is first recognized by using a number of factors including product expiration dates, open and unfulfilled orders and sales forecasts. Any write-down of inventory to net realizable value establishes a new cost basis and will be maintained even if certain circumstances suggest that the inventory is recoverable in subsequent periods. Costs associated with the write-down of inventory are recorded to cost of revenue on our consolidated statements of operations. We make assumptions about future demand, market conditions and the release of new products that may supersede old ones. However, if actual market conditions are less favorable than anticipated, additional inventory write-downs could be required. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Our stock-based compensation relates to stock options, restricted stock units RSUs ), market-based performance stock awards ("PSAs") including performance stock options and performance RSUs granted pursuant to equity incentive plans and stock purchase rights under an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). Stock-based compensation expense for stock-based awards are based on their grant date fair value. We determine the fair value of RSUs based on the closing price of our stock price, which is listed on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, at the date of the grant. We estimate the fair value of stock option awards under an equity incentive plan and stock purchase right under an ESPP on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair values of stock-based awards, excluding PSAs, are recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period in which the awards are expected to vest and forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 
 The Black-Scholes model considers several variables and assumptions in estimating the fair value of stock-based awards. These variables include the per share fair value of the underlying common stock, exercise price, expected term, risk-free interest rate, expected annual dividend yield and the expected stock price volatility over the expected term. We calculate the expected term using the simplified method, which is the mid-point between the vesting and contractual term. We determine expected volatility using the historical volatility of the stock price of similar publicly traded peer companies. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues similar in duration to the expected term of the equity-settled award. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued market-based performance stock awards ("PSAs") comprising of performance stock options and performance restricted stock units. The PSAs consist of three separate tranches and the vesting of each tranche is subject to the Class A common stock closing price being maintained at or above the predetermined share price goals of 60, 80 and 105 for each tranche, respectively, for a period of 20 consecutive trading days. The share price goals can 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 be met any time prior to the fourth anniversary of the date of grant. We estimated the value of the PSA awards granted in the year ended December 31, 2022 to be approximately 16.0 million using a Monte Carlo simulation model, using assumptions including volatility, risk-free interest rate, cost of equity and dividends. We will recognize the compensation expense over the derived service period using the accelerated attribution method commencing on the grant date. The derived service period is the median duration of the successful stock price paths to meet the price goal for each tranche as simulated in the Monte Carlo valuation model. If the related market condition is achieved earlier than its estimated derived service period, the stock-based compensation expense will be accelerated, and a cumulative catch-up expense will be recorded during the period in which the market condition is met. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have exposure to interest rate risk that relates primarily to our cash equivalents and marketable securities. All of our cash equivalents and marketable securities are designated as available-for-sale and carried at fair market value. We invest in a number of securities including corporate bonds, U.S. agency notes, asset-backed securities, commercial paper, U.S. treasuries and money market funds. We attempt to ensure the safety and preservation of our invested principal funds by limiting default risk, market risk and reinvestment risk. We mitigate default risk by investing in high grade investment securities. The fair market value of our fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted by increases in interest rates. For example, market interest rates increased during 2022, which contributed to unrealized losses on our cash equivalents and marketable securities. A hypothetical 100 basis-point (one percentage point) increase in interest rates compared to rates at December 31, 2022 would have adversely affected the fair value of our investment portfolio by approximately 1.4 million. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and the functional currency of each of our subsidiaries is either its local currency or the U.S. dollar depending on the circumstances. Historically, most of our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, although we sell our products and services in local currency outside of the United States, principally the euro. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 18 and 17 , respectively, of our sales were denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, which is primarily in the United States. We are exposed to gains or losses due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For example, if the value of U.S. dollar increases relative to foreign currencies, we will incur losses on the remeasurement on customer receivables which are denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, for our price lists denominated in foreign currencies, if the value of the U.S. dollar increases relative to the foreign currencies, the value of the revenue transactions when translated or remeasured to our U.S. dollar reporting currency will be lower. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge exposures to non-U.S. dollar currencies. We have performed a sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021, using a modeling technique that measures the change in the amount of non-U.S. dollar monetary assets arising from a hypothetical 10 movement in the levels of foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar, with all other variables held constant. The sensitivity analysis indicated that a hypothetical 10 movement in foreign currency exchange rates would change the amount of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable that we would report in U.S. Dollars as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by approximately 6.0 million and 2.4 million, respectively. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 90 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 92 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 93 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 96 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 98 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of 10x Genomics, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenues of 516.4 million from the sale of products and services. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue when control of the products and services is transferred to its customers in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive from its customers in exchange for those products and services. 
 Auditing the Company s revenue recognition can be complex due to the volume of sales transactions including multiple performance obligations. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls over the allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations in revenue transactions. For example, we tested management s analyses of stand-alone selling price, and tested the automated system controls for the application of the stand-alone selling price to the revenue transactions. 
 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the allocation of consideration using stand-alone selling price for a sample of individual sales transactions. For the sample, we inspected the customer contract, identified the distinct performance obligation(s) in the contract, and recalculated the allocation of the transaction price. We further assessed the timing of revenue recognition based on evidence of transfer of control of the goods to the customer or the recognition of revenue over time for extended warranty service performance obligations. We also tested the reconciliation of the deferred revenue related to the extended warranty service performance obligation. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 
 February 16, 2023 

91 

Table of Contents 

 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Restricted cash Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and related benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Accrued license fee, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 
 
 Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized (Class A , Class B ); (Class A , Class B and (Class A , Class B shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development In-process research and development Selling, general and administrative Accrued contingent liabilities ) Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Total other income (expense) ) ) Loss before provision for income taxes ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized losses on available-for-sale marketable securities ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock related to equity awards Sale of Class A common stock Issuance of Class A common stock for asset acquisition Vesting of shares subject to repurchase, including early exercised options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock related to equity awards Vesting of shares subject to repurchase, including early exercised options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of Class A common stock related to equity awards Vesting of shares subject to repurchase, including early exercised options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Loss on disposal of property and equipment Loss on extinguishment of debt Amortization of premium and accretion of discount on marketable securities, net Amortization of right-of-use assets Class A common stock issued for in-process research and development Accretion of discount on term loan Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other noncurrent assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation and other related benefits Deferred revenue Accrued contingent liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Operating lease liability ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities: Purchase of marketable securities ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) ) Acquisition of intangible assets ) Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Payments on term loans ) Payments on technology license financing arrangement ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial and follow-on public offerings, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan purchases Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes 

96 

Table of Contents 

 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Noncash investing and financing activities Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Contingent consideration payable related to business acquisition 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 

2. 
 million and long-term restricted cash of million primarily represents cash on deposit with financial institutions as security for letters of credit outstanding for the benefit of the landlord related to the Company s non-cancelable operating leases for its corporate headquarters (see Commitments and Contingencies below). 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 The allowance for doubtful accounts was million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable. No customer or distributor represented more than 10 of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. 
 Substantially all the Company s long-lived assets are located in the United States. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

- Computer equipment - Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements - 
 impairment losses recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

The Company incurred advertising costs of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

The Company recognized foreign currency transaction gains of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2020, and foreign currency transaction losses of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 million associated with this plan, comprised primarily of severance-related costs, were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Restructuring charge Cash payments made ) ) Non-cash charge ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Restructuring costs of million, million and million were recorded in cost of revenue, research and development expense, and selling, general and administrative expense, respectively, in the Company's consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. The restructuring activities were substantially completed as of December 31, 2022. 

104 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 of the outstanding shares of Tetramer Shop ApS Tetramer Shop ), a privately held company based in Copenhagen, Denmark, for a total cash consideration of million, net of cash acquired of million and including million of fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration was recorded as a liability on the acquisition date and was paid in 2022 upon the successful completion of the transfer of Tetramer Shop's technology. 
 Tetramer Shop was a life sciences technology company which developed and provided reagents for precise monitoring of antigen-specific T-cells in research and development. The Company acquired Tetramer Shop for its expertise in building empty, loadable major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules. 
 The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, with Tetramer Shop treated as the acquiree. The acquired assets, including identified intangible assets, and liabilities were recorded at their respective fair values with an amount recorded to goodwill representing the difference between the acquisition consideration and the fair value of the identifiable net assets. The fair values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were based on management s assumptions as of the reporting date. 
 Our consolidated statements of operations include the financial results of Tetramer Shop subsequent to the acquisition date. Revenue related to Tetramer Shop since the acquisition date was included in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Other assets acquired Tangible assets acquired Other liabilities assumed ) Deferred tax liability - non-current ) Total net tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed ) Intangible assets Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 Customer relationships 
 
 The fair value of the intangible assets acquired in connection with the acquisition was determined using either the income or replacement cost methodologies. The developed technology and customer relationships will be amortized over and , respectively. 

105 

Table of Contents 

 million, inclusive of million of transaction costs and net of cash acquired of million. The total purchase consideration comprised of million in cash and million in shares of the Company's common stock. The purchase agreement provided for the Company to issue shares of the Company s class A common stock which was based on a contractual value of million divided by the weighted average price of the Company's common stock shortly prior to the acquisition. In determining the total purchase consideration paid for ReadCoor, these shares were valued at million based on the fair value of the Company s class A common stock on the acquisition date. ReadCoor developed In Situ RNA analysis technology, consisting of a suite of proprietary reagents, which enabled researchers to visualize spatially resolved RNA expression profiles with sub-cellular resolution throughout fresh frozen or formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue sections. 
 The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition. In connection with this acquisition, the Company acquired an in-process research and development intangible asset of million which did not have alternative future use and therefore was recognized as an expense and included as a component of in-process research and development in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company also acquired an intangible asset of million related to assembled workforce which is included in other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Intangible asset Other assets and liabilities, net ) Total net assets acquired 
 CartaNA Acquisition 
 On August 21, 2020, the Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of CartaNA AB CartaNA ), a privately held company based in Stockholm, Sweden, for million, inclusive of million of transaction costs and net of cash acquired of million. CartaNA developed In Situ RNA analysis technology, consisting of a suite of proprietary reagents, which enabled researchers to visualize spatially resolved RNA expression profiles with sub-cellular resolution throughout fresh frozen or formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue sections. 
 The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition. In connection with this acquisition, the Company acquired an in-process research and development intangible asset of million which did not have alternative future use and therefore was recognized as an expense and included as a component of in-process research and development in the consolidated statements of 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 million in intangible assets related to customer relationships and assembled workforce which are included in other noncurrent assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Intangible assets Other assets and liabilities, net Total net assets acquired 
 
 5. 
 Level 1 Marketable securities: Corporate debt securities ) Level 2 Government debt securities ) Level 2 Asset-backed securities ) Level 2 Total available-for-sale securities ) 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company held million in money market funds with no unrealized gains or losses. 
 Due after one year to five years 
 Inventory 
 Work in progress Finished goods Inventory 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Laboratory equipment and machinery Computer equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Intangible Assets, Net 
 ) ) Developed technology ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Assembled workforce ) ) Intangible assets, net ) ) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Actual amortization expense to be reported in future periods could differ from these estimates as a result of acquisitions, divestitures and asset impairments, among other factors. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued bonus Accrued commissions Accrued acquisition-related compensation Other Accrued compensation and related benefits 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Accrued license fee Accrued royalties for licensed technologies Accrued property and equipment Accrued professional services Product warranties Taxes payable Other Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Product Warranties 
 Amounts charged to cost of revenue Repairs and replacements ) ) End of period 
 Revenue and Deferred Revenue 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of remaining performance obligations related to separately sold extended warranty service agreements, or allocated amounts for extended warranty service agreements bundled with sales of instruments, was million, of which approximately million is expected to be recognized to revenue in the next months, with the remainder thereafter. The contract liabilities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, consisted of deferred revenue related to extended warranty service agreements. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability at the beginning of the year ) ) Revenue deferred excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period Balance as of December 31 
 Consumables Services Total revenue 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa China Asia-Pacific (excluding China) North America (excluding United States) Total revenue 
 
 6.) ) ) International ) Total ) ) ) 

110 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Total current provision for income taxes Deferred provision: Federal State Foreign ) Total deferred provision for income taxes ) Provision for income taxes 
 The provision for income taxes was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which related to foreign and state income taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the provision for income taxes were million and million, respectively.) ) ) State taxes, net ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Foreign taxes Stock-based compensation ) ) Change in valuation allowance Acquisition related expenses ) Impact of change in tax status ) Other ) Total provision for income taxes 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between amounts recorded for financial reporting purposes and amounts used for tax purposes. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development tax credits Accruals and reserves Lease liability Intangibles Stock-based compensation Section 174 capitalized R D Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Deferred tax liabilities Fixed assets ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company maintained a full valuation allowance on its domestic net deferred tax assets. The domestic deferred tax assets predominantly relate to operating losses, tax credits and Section 174 capitalized R D intangibles. The domestic valuation allowance was estimated based on an assessment of both positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. Such assessment is required on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. The Company s history of cumulative losses, along with expected future U.S. losses, required that a full valuation allowance be recorded against all domestic net deferred tax assets. The Company intends to maintain a full valuation allowance on domestic net deferred tax assets until sufficient positive evidence exists to support a reversal of the valuation allowance. The valuation allowance increased by million and by million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of million and federal tax credit carryforwards of million. The federal NOL carryforwards generated during and after fiscal 2018 totaling million are carried forward indefinitely, while all others, along with the federal tax credit carryforwards, expire in years beginning in 2033. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state NOL carryforwards of million, which begin to expire in 2033. In addition, the Company had state tax credit carryforwards of million, which do not expire. 
 The federal and state net operating losses and credit carryforwards are subject to change of ownership limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. In general, if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage point aggregate change in ownership over a 3-year period (a Section 382 ownership change ), utilization of its pre-change NOL and credit carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation. The Company completed a study through October 31, 2022 and determined that a Section 382 ownership change occurred in 2013. As a result, the Company s net operating losses generated through November 1, 2013 may be subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Code. The amount of pre-change loss carryforwards which may be subject to this limitation is million. In addition certain attributes are subject to annual limitations as a result of the acquisition of ReadCoor, which constitutes a change in ownership as defined under Section 382. Such limitations may result in expiration of a portion of the carryforwards before utilization. The Company s ability to use net operating loss carryforwards, research and development credit carryforwards and other tax attributes to reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be further limited as a result of future changes in stock ownership. As a result, if the Company earns net taxable income, its ability to use pre-change net operating loss carryforwards or other pre-change tax attributes to offset United States federal and state taxable income may still be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Reductions based on prior year tax provisions ) ) Additions based on prior year tax provisions Additions based on current year tax provisions Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 The total amount of unrecognized gross tax benefits was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which million and million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively. 
 The Company is subject to the examination of its income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. The United States, California and Sweden are considered as major jurisdictions. The Company has not been audited in such jurisdictions. Tax examinations are expected to focus on research and development tax credits, intercompany transfer pricing practices and other matters. Due to NOLs and credit carryforwards, as of December 31, 2022, federal and California income tax returns for the years ended 2012 through the current period are open to examination. Significant foreign income tax returns for the years 2019 through the current period are open to examination. Due to the number of years remaining that are subject to examination, the Company is unable to estimate the full range of possible adjustments to the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits. 
 It is reasonably possible that the Company's unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly over the next 12 months, likely due to increases related to research and development tax credits. For U.S. uncertain tax positions, due to a full valuation allowance, such liabilities have been netted against deferred tax attribute carryovers. As a result, if recognized, the unrecognized tax benefits would not materially impact income tax expense. 
 The Company includes interest and penalties related to income tax matters within the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of gross interest and penalties accrued was million. The Company recognized interest and penalty expenses of million in 2022. 
 The Company maintained undistributed earnings overseas as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believed the funds held by all non-U.S. subsidiaries will be permanently reinvested outside of the U.S. However, if these funds were repatriated to the U.S. or used for U.S. operations, the Company may be subject to withholding taxes in the foreign countries. As a result of tax reform, the Company s unrepatriated earnings are no longer subject to federal income tax in the U.S. when distributed. 
 
 7. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, over the next three years. 
 Intellectual Property Licensing 
 In July 2021, the Company entered into a global settlement and patent cross license agreement with Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. pursuant to which both parties granted each other a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing license to develop products and services related to single cell analysis. Each company shall pay to the other royalties from licensed products and licensed services through 2030. 
 In September 2020, the Company and the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University ("Stanford") entered into a license agreement pursuant to which the Company was granted a license to certain intellectual property from Stanford relating to single cell profiling and tissue clarification. As the Company receives revenue related to products covered by these licenses, it is required to pay Stanford a low single-digit royalty percentage based on the net revenue of certain products during the applicable term of the licensed patents. 
 The minimum commitments related to the Company's license arrangements aggregate to million as of December 31, 2022 to be paid over the next 17 years. 
 Lease Agreements 
 The Company leases office, laboratory, manufacturing, distribution and server space with lease terms up to years. These leases require monthly lease payments that may be subject to annual increases throughout the lease term. Certain of these leases also include renewal options at the election of the Company to renew or extend the lease. The Company evaluates renewal options at lease inception and on an ongoing basis and includes renewal options that it is reasonably certain to exercise in its expected lease terms when classifying leases and measuring lease liabilities. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred million, million and million, respectively, of operating lease costs and million, million and million, respectively, of variable lease costs. The variable lease cost is comprised primarily of the Company s proportionate share of operating expenses, property taxes and insurance and is classified as lease cost due to the Company s election to not separate lease and non-lease components. 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively, and were included in net cash used in operating activities in the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 The Company maintains letters of credit relating to its non-cancelable operating leases amounting to million in aggregate. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Total operating lease liabilities 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 
 On November 6, 2020, the Company entered into a Master Lease Agreement ("MLA") to lease additional office building space near the Company's Pleasanton, California headquarters. The Company intends to utilize the leased space of approximately square feet to accommodate its future growth requirements. The MLA consists of various lease components, certain of which commenced during the year ended December 31, 2022. The sole outstanding component commenced in January 2023 and is expected to terminate on June 30, 2033. Total undiscounted payments for this lease component commencing in fiscal year 2023 will be million, with an expected lease term of years. 
 The tables above do not include payments, lease term, or discount rates relating to any leases or lease components that have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. The Company will determine the classification for each lease component at the individual component's commencement date. All leases and lease components that have not yet commenced are expected to be classified as operating leases. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 116 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 shares of capital stock consisting of shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class B common stock, and shares of preferred stock. 
 Common Stock 
 Class B common stock Total common stock issued and outstanding 
 The following table represents the number of shares of Class B common stock converted to shares of Class A common stock upon the election of the holders of such shares during the years: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Class B common stock converted to Class A common stock 
 The Company s Class A common stock and Class B common stock have a par value of per share. Each share of Class B common stock has the right to votes and each share of Class A common stock has the right to vote per share. All other rights and privileges of Class A and Class B common stock are equivalent. Class B common shares are convertible to Class A common shares at any time upon written notification and all Class B common shares will convert upon the date specified by vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Class B common stock, voting together as a single class. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available and when declared by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights as to dividends. 
 
 9. 
 . 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 shares issuable in connection with outstanding awards and shares reserved for issuance in connection with grants of future awards. 
 The number of shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan at the time the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan was adopted in 2019 was . The Omnibus Incentive Plan provides that the total number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock that may be issued under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, including options authorized and options outstanding, is (such share limit as increased from time to time, the Absolute Share Limit ). However, the Absolute Share Limit shall be increased on the first day of each calendar year commencing on January 1, 2021 and ending on January 1, 2029 in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock as determined by the Company s board of directors. However, if on January 1 of a calendar year, the Company s board of directors has not either confirmed the increase described in clause (i) or approved a lesser number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock for such calendar year, then the Company s board of directors will be deemed to have waived the automatic increase, and no such increase will occur for such calendar year. Of the Absolute Share Limit, no more than shares of Class A common stock may be issued in the aggregate pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Options under the Omnibus Incentive Plan have a contractual term of years. The exercise price of an ISO and NSO shall not be less than of the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant. 
 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled and forfeited ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to stock options was million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . 
 118 

Table of Contents 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term years 
 years 
 years 
 Expected dividend 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Cancelled ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to RSUs was million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . 
 Market-based Performance Stock Awards (PSAs) 
 In September 2022, the Company granted PSAs including performance stock options and RSUs under the 2019 Plan to certain members of management, which are subject to the achievement of market-based share price goals established by the Company's Board of Directors. 
 The PSAs consist of three separate tranches and the vesting of each tranche is subject to the Class A common stock closing price being maintained at or above the predetermined share price goals of , and for each tranche, respectively, for a period of consecutive trading days. The share price goals can be met any time prior to the fourth anniversary of the date of grant. The vesting of the PSAs can also be triggered upon certain change in control events and achievement of certain change in control price goals, or in the event of death or disability. 
 As of December 31, 2022, none of the predetermined share price goals had been met resulting in no shares vesting or becoming exercisable. Stock-based compensation expense recognized for these market-based awards was approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the PSAs was . 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 of their eligible compensation to purchase the Company s Class A common stock at a discounted price per share. The ESPP generally provides for consecutive offering periods. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of Class A common stock, respectively, were issued under the ESPP. The ESPP provides that the maximum number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock made available for sale thereunder will be , which number will be automatically increased on the first day of each calendar year commencing on January 1, 2021 and ending on January 1, 2029 in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock as determined by the Company s board of directors. However, if on January 1 of a calendar year the Company s board of directors has not either confirmed the described in clause (i) or approved a lesser number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock for such calendar year, the Company s board of directors will be deemed to have waived the automatic increase and no such increase will occur for such calendar year. The maximum number of shares available under the ESPP (and any share limitations thereunder, as applicable) will automatically be adjusted upon certain changes to the Company s capital structure. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average grant date fair values of the ESPP shares purchased, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, were and , respectively. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected dividend 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation related to the ESPP was million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 10. 
 of the first of the employee's eligible compensation, up to a maximum of dollars annually per employee. The Company contributed million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Restricted stock units Shares committed under ESPP Shares subject to repurchase Contingent restricted shares Total 
 
 12. 
 million. Upon acquiring the assets, the Company expects to pay million and up to million cash consideration pursuant to the agreement in the event certain future technology development milestones are met and additional cash consideration tied to future sales milestones. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. 
 Management has used the 2013 framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 at the reasonable assurance level. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included below. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was not any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited 10x Genomics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, 10x Genomics, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 

San Jose, California 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. A current copy of the code is posted on the Governance section of our investor relations website, which is located at www.investors.10xgenomics.com. If we make any substantive amendments to, or grant any waivers from, the code of business conduct and ethics for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions, or any officer or director, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 The remaining information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement (the Proxy Statement pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which Proxy Statement is expected to be filed with Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted in this Annual Report because they are not applicable, not required under the instructions or the information requested is set forth in the financial statements or related notes thereto. 
 (3) List of Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Title Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 8 K 001 39035 3.1 9/16/2019 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 8 K 001 39035 3.2 11/3/2022 4.1 Form of Stock Certificate for Class A common stock of the Registrant. 
 S l 333 233361 4.2 8/19/2019 4.2 Description of the Registrant s Securities. 
 10-K 001-39035 4.2 2/18/2022 10.1 Agreement for Purchase and Sale, dated August 10, 2020, between the Registrant and Equity One (West Coast Portfolio) LLC. 
 10-Q 001-39035 10.7 8/12/2020 10.2 Amendment to Agreement for Purchase and Sale, dated October 15, 2020, between Registrant and Equity One (West Coast Portfolio) LLC. 
 10-Q 001-39035 10.3 11/12/2020 10.3 ReadCoor Merger Agreement. 
 10-K 333-39035 10.6 2/26/2021 10.4+ Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder. 
 S-1/A 333-233361 10.10 9/3/2019 10.5+ 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder. 
 S-1/A 333-233361 10.11 9/3/2019 10.5.1+ Form of 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Notice and Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-39035 10.1 11/3/2022 10.5.2+ Form of 2 019 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-39035 10.2 11/3/2022 10.6+ 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and forms of agreements. 
 10-Q 001-39035 10.4 11/12/2019 10.6.1+ Form of 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Subscription Agreement. 
 X 10.6.2+ Form of 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Notice of Contribution Percentage Change or Withdrawal. 
 X 10.7+ Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 
 10-Q 001-39035 10.2 5/5/2022 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Title Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.8+ Form of At Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement. 
 S l 333 233361 10.16 8/19/2019 10.9+ Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S l/A 333 233361 10.17 9/3/2019 10.10+ Employment Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Eric S. Whitaker. 
 S l 333 233361 10.14 8/19/2019 10.11+ Employment Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Justin McAnear. 
 S l 333 233361 10.15 8/19/2019 10.12+ Employment Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and Ruth De Backer. 
 10-K/A 001-39035 10.9 4/23/2021 10.13 Lease Agreement dated August 2, 2018, between the Registrant and 6200 Stoneridge Mall Road investors LLC. 
 S l 333 233361 10.3 8/19/2019 10.14 First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated May 20, 2019, between the Registrant and 6200 Stoneridge Mall Road Investors LLC. 
 S l 333 233361 10.4 8/19/2019 10.15 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated July 24, 2020, between the Registrant and 6200 Stoneridge Mall Road Investors LLC. 
 10 Q 001 39035 10.6 8/12/2020 10.16 Third Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated June 10, 2021, between the Registrant and 6200 Stoneridge Mall Road Investors LLC. 
 8-K 001-39035 10.1 6/15/2021 10.17 Lease Agreement, dated November 6, 2020, between the Registrant and 6200 Stoneridge Mall Road Investors LLC. 
 10-Q 001-39035 10.4 11/12/2020 10.18# License Agreement, dated September 26, 2013, between the Registrant and the President and Fellows of Harvard College. 
 S l 333 233361 10.5 8/19/2019 10.19# Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement, dated October 25, 2018, between the Registrant and President and Fellows of Harvard College. 
 S l 333 233361 10.6 8/19/2019 10.20# Exclusive (Equity) Agreement dated October 15, 2015, between Epinomics, Inc, and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University. 
 S l 333 233361 10.7 8/19/2019 10.21 Amendment No. 1 to the License Agreement, dated February 1, 2017, between Epinomics and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University. 
 S l 333 233361 10.8 8/19/2019 10.22# Amendment No. 2 to the License Agreement, dated July 27, 2018, between the Registrant and The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University. 
 S l 333 233361 10.9 8/19/2019 10.23 Settlement and Patent Cross License Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39035 10.1 7/27/2021 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Title Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.24+ Transition and Separation Agreement between Bradford J. Crutchfield and 10x Genomics, Inc. dated February 17, 2022. 
 10-K 001-39035 10.29 2/18/2022 10.25+ Employment Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and James Wilbur dated July 12, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-39035 10.1 8/9/2022 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in the signature page to this Annual Report) . 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the Cover Page Interactive Data File does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act because the information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 Date: February 16, 2023 By: 
 /s/ Serge Saxonov 
 Serge Saxonov 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Serge Saxonov and Justin J. McAnear, and each of them, his or her true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Serge Saxonov Chief Executive Officer and Director February 16, 2023 Serge Saxonov (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Benjamin J. Hindson President and Director February 16, 2023 Benjamin J. Hindson /s/ Justin J. McAnear Chief Financial Officer February 16, 2023 Justin J. McAnear (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) /s/ John R. Stuelpnagel Chairman of the Board of Directors February 16, 2023 John R. Stuelpnagel /s/ Sridhar Kosaraju Director February 16, 2023 Sridhar Kosaraju /s/ Mathai Mammen Director February 16, 2023 Mathai Mammen /s/ Kim Popovits Director February 16, 2023 Kim Popovits /s/ Bryan E. Roberts Director February 16, 2023 Bryan E. Roberts /s/ Shehnaaz Suliman Director February 16, 2023 Shehnaaz Suliman 
 130 

<EX-10.6-2>
 2
 exhibit1062-esppchangeorwi.htm
 EX-10.6-2

Document 

Exhibit 10.6.2 
 
 10x GENOMICS, INC. 
 2019 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF CONTRIBUTION PERCENTAGE CHANGE OR WITHDRAWAL (THE NOTICE 
 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the 10x Genomics, Inc. (the Company 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan ). 
 I hereby elect to electronically change the contribution percentage of my Compensation during the Offering Period of the Plan currently in progress. 
 Note You may not increase your contribution at any time within an Offering Period. An increase in your contribution percentage can only take effect with the next Offering Period . You may decrease your contribution percentage, including to 0 , only once within an Offering Period for the remainder of that Offering Period. A decrease in your contribution percentage to 0 will not result in a withdrawal in the Plan. A change will become effective as soon as reasonably practicable after the Notice is received by the Company. 
 I hereby elect to withdraw from the Offering Period of the Plan currently in progress, effective as soon as reasonably practicable after this Notice is received by the Company but no later than the second payroll period after the Company s receipt of this Notice. Please refund all the payroll deductions credited to my account with respect to such Offering Period (without interest) that has not been used to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock during a prior Exercise Date during such Offering Period. I understand and agree that my option for such Offering Period will be automatically terminated. I further understand that no additional payroll deductions will be made for the purchase of shares of Class A Common Stock in the current Offering Period and that I cannot resume participation until the start of the next Offering Period and must timely submit a new Subscription Agreement and meet the eligibility requirements to do so. 

</EX-10.6-2>

<EX-10.6-1>
 3
 exhibit1061-2019employeest.htm
 EX-10.6-1

Document 

Exhibit 10.6.1 
 
 10x GENOMICS, INC. 
 2019 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such 
 terms in the 10x Genomics, Inc. (the Company 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan ). 

1. By electronically accepting this 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Subscription Agreement (this Subscription Agreement and the Appendix to this Subscription Agreement, I hereby elect to participate in the Plan and subscribe to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 2. I hereby authorize payroll deductions from each payroll at the percentage of my Compensation (from 1 to 15 as indicated on the online enrollment on each pay day during the Offering Period in accordance with the Plan (please note that no fractional percentages are permitted). 
 
 3. I understand that, if my payroll deductions under the Plan are made in any currency other than U.S. dollars, such payroll deductions will be converted to U.S. dollars on or prior to Exercise Date using a prevailing exchange rate in effect at the time such conversion is performed, as determined by the Committee. 
 
 4. Payroll Deductions. 
 
 a. The following provisions shall only apply to me if I reside in the United States I understand that the payroll deductions will be accumulated for the purchase of shares of Class A Common Stock at the applicable Purchase Price for each Purchase Period ending during the Offering Period determined in accordance with the Plan. I understand that if I do not withdraw from an Offering Period, any accumulated payroll deductions will be used to automatically exercise my option and purchase shares of Class A Common Stock under the Plan on the Exercise Date for each Purchase Period ending during the Offering Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, to the extent that my accumulated payroll deductions would result in my ability to purchase more than 2,000 shares of Class A Common Stock during any Offering Period (the Offering Period Maximum ), I understand and agree that I will only be permitted to purchase a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Offering Period Maximum, and that any excess payroll deductions remaining after such purchase will be returned to me as soon as practicable following the expiration of such Offering Period. 
 
 b. The following provisions shall only apply to me if I reside outside the United States I understand that the payroll deductions will be accumulated for the purchase of shares of Class A Common Stock at the applicable Purchase Price for each Purchase Period ending during the Offering Period determined in accordance with the Plan. I understand that if I do not withdraw from an Offering Period, any accumulated payroll deductions will be used to automatically exercise the Purchase Right (as defined below) and purchase shares of Class A Common Stock under the Plan on the Exercise Date for each Purchase Period ending during the Offering Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, to the extent that my accumulated payroll deductions would result in my ability to purchase more than 2,000 shares of Class A Common Stock during any Offering Period (the Offering Period Maximum ), I understand and agree that I will only be permitted to purchase a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Offering Period Maximum, and that any excess payroll deductions remaining after such purchase will be returned to me as soon as practicable following the expiration of such Offering Period. 
 1 

Regardless of any action the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the participation in the Plan and legally applicable to me Tax-Related Items ), I acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains my responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary. I further acknowledge that the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary (1) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Purchase Right (as defined below) to purchase a number of shares of Class A Common Stock determined by dividing such Eligible Employee s Contributions accumulated prior to such Exercise Date and retained in the Eligible Employee s account as of the Exercise Date by the applicable Purchase Price (the Purchase Right ), including, but not limited to, the grant or exercise of the Purchase Right, purchase of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Purchase Right, the subsequent sale of shares of Class A Common Stock acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (2) does not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Purchase Right or any aspect of the Purchase Right to reduce or eliminate the my liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if I am subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, I acknowledge that the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, I will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, I authorize the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax- Related Items by one or a combination of the following 
 
 (i) withholding from my wages or other cash compensation paid to me by the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary 
 
 (ii) withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the Purchase Right either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on my behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) or 
 
 (iii) withholding in shares of Class A Common Stock to be purchased upon exercise of the Purchase Right. 
 
 Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case I will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the shares of Class A Common Stock equivalent. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in shares of Class A Common Stock, for tax purposes, I am deemed to have been purchased the full number of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to the Purchase Right, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Class A Common Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the participation in the Plan. Finally, I must pay to the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary may be required to withhold or account for as a result of my participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to sale or deliver the shares of Class A Common Stock or the proceeds of the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock, if I fail to comply with my obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 2 

5. I have received a copy of the complete Plan and its accompanying prospectus. I understand that my participation in the Plan is in all respects subject to the terms of the Plan, including this Subscription Agreement. Any conflict between this Subscription Agreement and the Plan will be resolved in favor of the Plan. The Company reserves the right to modify the Plan and to impose other requirements on my participation in the Plan, on the option and on any shares of Common Stock purchased under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. I agree to be bound by such modifications regardless of whether notice is given to me of such event, subject, in any case, to my right to withdraw from participation in the Plan. I further agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 6. I understand that if I sell or otherwise dispose of any shares of Class A Common Stock received by me pursuant to an Offering within two (2) years after the applicable Enrollment Date (generally the first Trading Day of the applicable Offering Period) or one (1) year after the applicable Exercise Date (generally the last Trading Day of the applicable Purchase Period), I will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as having received ordinary income at the time of such disposition in an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Class A Common Stock at the time such shares of Class A Common Stock were purchased by me over the Purchase Price. I hereby agree to notify the Company in writing within thirty (30) days after the date of any disposition of my shares of Class A Common Stock and I will make adequate provision for U.S. federal, state or other tax withholding obligations, if any, which arise upon the disposition of the shares of Class A Common Stock . The Company may, but will not be obligated to, withhold from my compensation the amount necessary to meet any applicable withholding obligation including any withholding necessary to make available to the Company any tax deductions or benefits attributable to the sale or early disposition of shares of Class A Common Stock by me. If I dispose of such shares of Class A Common Stock at any time after the expiration of the two (2)-year and one (1)-year holding periods described above, I understand that I will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as having received income only at the time of such disposition, and that such income will be taxed as ordinary income only to the extent of an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the amount by which the Fair Market Value of the shares of Class A Common Stock on the date of the disposition exceeds the Purchase Price paid for the shares of Class A Common Stock (generally 85 of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Class A Common Stock on the Enrollment Date or on the Exercise Date, whichever is lower), or (b) 15 of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Class A Common Stock on the Enrollment Date. The remainder of the gain, if any, recognized on such disposition will be taxed as capital gain. 
 
 7. The following provisions shall only apply to me if I reside outside the United States By electing to participate in the Plan, I hereby acknowledge and agree that 
 
 (a) The Plan is established voluntarily by the Company. It is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 (b) The grant of the Purchase Right is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of the Purchase Right, or benefits in lieu of the Purchase Right, even if the Purchase Rights have been granted repeatedly in the past. 
 
 (c) All decisions with respect to future Purchase Right grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. 
 
 (d) The Purchase Right grant and my participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment or service or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary and shall not interfere with the ability of with the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary to terminate my service or employment, subject to applicable law. 
 
 (e) I am voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 
 (f) The Purchase Rights, any shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan and the income and value of the same are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for service of any kind rendered to the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary, and which is outside the scope of my employment contract, if any. 
 3 

(g) The Purchase Rights are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments. 
 
 (h) The Purchase Rights, the shares of Class A Common Stock and the value and income of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose. 
 
 (i) In the event that I am not an employee of the Company or, if applicable any Parent or Subsidiary, the Purchase Rights grant will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company or, if applicable, any Parent or Subsidiary. 
 
 (j) The future value of the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty. The value of the shares of Class A Common Stock may increase or decrease even below the Purchase Price. 
 
 (k) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages will arise from forfeiture of the Purchase Rights resulting from my termination as an employee or service provider, as applicable (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable laws), and in consideration of the grant of the Purchase Right to which I am otherwise not entitled, I irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary, waive my ability, if any, to bring such claim against the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary, and release the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary from any such claim if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, I shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary, or reasonably requested by the Company, to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claims. 
 
 (l) None of the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary will be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between any local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Purchase Right, any amounts due to me pursuant to the exercise of the Purchase Rights or the subsequent sale of any purchased shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 8. Data Privacy . 
 
 The following provisions shall only apply to me if I reside outside the United States, the United Kingdom, or the European Economic Area 
 
 (a) I voluntarily consent to the collection, use, disclosure and transfer to the United States and other jurisdictions, in electronic or other form, of my personal data as described in this Subscription Agreement and any other award materials Data by and among, as applicable, the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing my participation in the Plan. 
 
 (b) I understand that the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary may collect, maintain, process and disclose, certain personal information about me, including, but not limited to, my name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Class A Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all equity awards or any other entitlement to stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in my favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and, managing the Plan. 
 
 (c) I understand that Data will be transferred to one or more stock plan service provider(s) selected by the Company, which may assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. I understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different, including less stringent, data privacy laws and protections than my country. I understand that if I reside outside the United States, I may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting my local human resources representative. I authorize the Company and any other possible 
 4 

recipients that may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing my participation in the Plan. 
 
 (d) I understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage my participation in the Plan, including to maintain records regarding participation. I understand that if I reside in certain jurisdictions, to the extent required by applicable laws, I may, at any time, request access to Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents given by accepting these Purchase Rights, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing my local human resources representative. Further, I understand that I am providing these consents on a purely voluntary basis. If I do not consent or if I later seek to revoke my consent, my engagement as a service provider with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary will not be adversely affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing my consent is that the Company will not be able to grant me awards under the Plan or administer or maintain awards. Therefore, I understand that refusing or withdrawing my consent may affect my ability to participate in the Plan (including the right to retain these Purchase Rights). I understand that I may contact my local human resources representative for more information on the consequences of my refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent. 
 
 The following provisions shall only apply to me if I reside in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom 
 
 (a) Data Collected and Purposes of Collection . I understand that the Company, acting as controller, as well as the employer, may collect, to the extent permissible under applicable law, certain personal information about my, including name, home address and telephone number, information necessary to process the Purchase Right (e.g., mailing address for a check payment or bank account wire transfer information), date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, employment location, any capital shares or directorships held in the Company (but only where needed for legal or tax compliance), any other information necessary to process mandatory tax withholding and reporting, details of all Purchase Rights granted, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in my favor, and where applicable service termination date and reason for termination (all such personal information is referred to as Data ). The Data is collected from me, any Parent or Subsidiary, and from the Company, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan pursuant to the terms of this Subscription Agreement. The legal basis (that is, the legal justification) for processing the Data is to perform this Subscription Agreement. The Data must be provided in order for me to participate in the Plan and for the parties to this Subscription Agreement to perform their respective obligations thereunder. If I do not provide Data, I will not be able to participate in the Plan and become a party to this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 (b) Transfers and Retention of Data . I understand that my employer will transfer Data to the Company for purposes of plan administration. The Company and the employer or any Parent or Subsidiary may also transfer my Data to other service providers (such as accounting firms, payroll processing firms or tax firms), as may be selected by the Company in the future, to assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of this Subscription Agreement. I understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States, a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission. Where a recipient is located in a country that does not benefit from an adequacy decision, the transfer of the Data to that recipient will be made pursuant to European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, a copy of which may be obtained at gc 10xgenomics.com. I understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage my rights and obligations under this Subscription Agreement, and for the duration of the relevant statutes of limitations, which may be longer than the term of this Subscription Agreement. 
 
 (c) Participant s Rights in Respect of Data . The Company will take steps in accordance with applicable legislation to keep Data accurate, complete and up-to-date. I am entitled to have any inadequate, incomplete or incorrect Data corrected (that is, rectified). I also have the right to request access to my Data as well as additional information about the processing of that Data. Further, I am entitled to object to the processing of Data or have my Data erased, under certain circumstances. As from May 25, 2018, and subject to conditions set forth in applicable law, I also am entitled to (i) restrict the processing of my Data so that it is stored but not actively processed (e.g., while the Company assesses 
 5 

whether I am entitled to have Data erased) and (ii) receive a copy of the Data provided pursuant to this Subscription Agreement or generated by me, in a common machine-readable format. To exercise my rights, I may contact the local human resources representative. I may also contact the relevant data protection supervisory authority, as I have the right to lodge a complaint. The data protection officer may be contacted at gc 10xgenomics.com. 
 
 9. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. I hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. I agree that the foregoing online or electronic participation in the Plan shall have the same force and effect as documentation executed in hardcopy written form. 
 
 10. I acknowledge that the Company is neither providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding my participation in the Plan or my acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock. I understand that I am hereby advised to consult with my own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding my participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 11. This Subscription Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and performed wholly within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. 
 
 12. I hereby agree to be bound by the terms of the Plan, including this Subscription Agreement which is incorporated and made a part thereof. The effectiveness of this Subscription Agreement is dependent upon my eligibility to participate in the Plan. 
 
 13. If I have received the Subscription Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control, subject to applicable laws. 
 
 14. The following provisions shall only apply to me if I reside outside the United States I understand and agree that notwithstanding any provisions in the Plan and this Subscription Agreement, the grant of the Purchase Right shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the Appendix to this Subscription Agreement for my country. Moreover, if I relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to me, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such provisions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with laws of the country where I reside or to facilitate the administration of the Plan. Appendix constitutes part of this Subscription Agreement. 
 6 

I HEREBY AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THE PLAN AND I UNDERSTAND THAT THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND MY PARTICIPATION IN THE PLAN WILL REMAIN IN EFFECT THROUGHOUT SUCCESSIVE OFFERING PERIODS UNLESS AFFIRMATIVELY TERMINATED BY ME. 

Signature page to Subscription Agreement (Non-U.S.) 

APPENDIX 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 10x GENOMICS, INC. 
 2019 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
 FOR NON-UNITED STATES PARTICIPANTS 
 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Purchase Right granted to me under the Plan if I reside in one of the countries listed below. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and or the Subscription Agreement. 
 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls and or certain other issues of which I should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that I do not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time I exercise the Purchase Right and purchase the shares of Class A Common Stock or I sell shares of Class A Common Stock purchased under the Plan. In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to my particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure a particular result. Accordingly, I am advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in my country may apply to my situation. Finally, if I am a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which I am currently working, the information contained herein may not be applicable to me. 

GERMANY 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information 
 
 Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In the event that I make or receive a payment in excess of this amount, I am required to report the payment to Bundesbank electronically using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik available via Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de). 
 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 
 The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under current rules as implemented in Germany. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Prohibition on Insider Dealing 
 I should be aware that the insider dealing rules of the Regulation (EU) No 596 2014 of the European Parliament and Council (Market Abuse Regulation) apply in Germany, which may affect transactions under the Plan such as the subscription or participation, the suspension, the cancellation or an amending order, the acquisition or sale of shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan, if I have inside information regarding the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries. I am advised to determine carefully whether I have inside information in respect of the Company and whether and to what extent insider dealing rules can apply to me. In case of uncertainty, the Company recommends that I consult with a legal advisor. 
 Limitation of Liability 
 
 I am responsible for compliance with any laws to be observed by me in person in conjunction with participation in the Plan. The Company cannot be held liable if I violate German law or any other applicable rules to be complied with by me in conjunction with participation in the Plan including, but not limited to, insider dealing restrictions under the Market Abuse Regulation. 
 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Prohibition Against Insider Trading 
 
 I should be aware of the Dutch insider trading rules, which may affect the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan. In particular, I may be prohibited from effecting certain share transactions if I have insider information regarding the Company. Below is a discussion of the applicable restrictions. I am advised to read the discussion carefully to determine whether the insider rules could apply to me. If it is uncertain whether the insider rules apply, the Company recommends that I consult with a legal advisor. The Company cannot be held liable if I violate the Dutch insider trading rules. I am responsible for ensuring my compliance with these rules. 
 
 Dutch securities laws prohibit insider trading. As of 3 July 2016, the European Market Abuse Regulation (MAR), is applicable in the Netherlands. For further information, I am referred to the website of the Authority for the Financial Markets AFM https www.afm.nl en professionals onderwerpen marktmisbruik. 
 
 Given the broad scope of the definition of inside information, certain employees of the Company working at its Dutch Subsidiary may have inside information and thus are prohibited from making a transaction in securities in the Netherlands at a time when they have such inside information. By entering into the Subscription Agreement and participating in the Plan, I acknowledge having read and understood the notification above and acknowledge that it is my responsibility to comply with the Dutch insider trading rules, as discussed herein. 
 
 Securities Disclaimer 

The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under current rules as implemented in the Netherlands. 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information 
 
 The grant of the Purchase Right under the Plan is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Singapore Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Further, the Purchase Rights granted under the Plan are subject to section 257 of the SFA and I am not permitted to sell, or offer to sell, any shares of Class A Common Stock in Singapore unless such sale or offer is made pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 
 Director Notification Obligation 
 
 Directors, associate directors or shadow directors of a Singapore Parent or Subsidiary are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify such entity in writing within two business days of any of the following events (i) the acquisition or disposal of an interest e.g. , the Purchase Rights granted under the Plan or shares of Class A Common Stock) in the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, (ii) any change in previously-disclosed interests e.g. , upon exercise of the Purchase Rights granted under the Plan), or (iii) becoming a director, associate director or shadow director of a Subsidiary in Singapore, if the individual holds such an interest at that time. 
 
 Insider Trading Notification 
 
 I should be aware of the Singapore insider-trading rules as these rules may impact my ability to acquire or dispose of shares of Class A Common Stock or rights to acquire shares e.g. , the Purchase Rights granted under the Plan). Under the Singapore insider-trading rules, I am prohibited from selling shares of Class A Common Stock when I am in possession of information concerning the Company which is not generally available and which I know or should know will have a material effect on the price of such shares once such information is generally available. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control 
 
 I understand and agree that foreign and local banks or financial institutions (including brokers) engaged in cross-border transactions generally may be required to report any payments to or from a foreign country exceeding a certain amount to The National Tax Board, which receives the information on behalf of the Swedish Central Bank (Sw.Riksbanken). This requirement may apply even if I have a brokerage account with a foreign broker. 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 
 The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under current rules as implemented in Sweden. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 Notification 
 
 Securities Disclaimer 
 
 Neither this Subscription Agreement nor Appendices are an approved prospectus for the purposes of section 85(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 FSMA and no offer of transferable securities to the public (for the purposes of section 102B of FSMA) is being made in connection with the Plan. The Plan is exclusively available in the UK to bona fide employees and former employees and any other UK Subsidiary. 

Non-Qualification 
 
 The Purchase Rights are not intended to be tax-qualified or tax-preferred for purposes of tax rules in the United Kingdom. 
 
 Tax Consultation 
 
 I understand that I may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of my acquisition or disposition of the shares of Class A Common Stock. I represent that I will consult with any tax advisors I deem appropriate in connection with the acquisition or disposition of the shares of Class A Common Stock and that I am not relying on the Company or any Subsidiary for any tax advice. 
 
 Prohibition Against Insider Dealing 
 I should be aware of the UK's insider dealing rules under the Criminal Justice Act 1993, which may affect transactions under the Plan such as the acquisition or sale of shares of Class A Common Stock acquired under the Plan, if I have inside information regarding the Company. If I am uncertain whether the insider dealing rules apply, the Company recommends that I consult with a legal advisor. The Company cannot be held liable if I violate the UK's insider dealing rules. I am responsible for ensuring his or her compliance with these rules. 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Tax Withholding 
 I acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or the employer, the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the responsibility of mine and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the employer. 

</EX-10.6-1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a231_eyfy2210kconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-233720, 333-253667, and 333-262863) pertaining to the 10x Genomics, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the 10x Genomics, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-249527) of 10x Genomics, Inc. and in the related Prospectus our reports dated February 16, 2023 , with respect to the consolidated financial statements of 10x Genomics, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of 10x Genomics, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 txg-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Serge Saxonov, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 By 
 s Serge Saxonov 
 Serge Saxonov 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 txg-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Justin McAnear, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of 10x Genomics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 By 
 s Justin J. McAnear Justin J. McAnear Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 txg-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Serge Saxonov, the Chief Executive Officer of 10x Genomics, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 16, 2023 By 
 s Serge Saxonov 
 Serge Saxonov 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 txg-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Justin McAnear, the Chief Financial Officer of 10x Genomics, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 16, 2023 By 
 s Justin J. McAnear Justin J. McAnear Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 txg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 txg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 txg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 txg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 txg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

