<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1236275_0001185185-23-000161.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7394221</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>257059</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1241514</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2159692</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1702012</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1848968</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-23-000161.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228090052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-23-000161
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SilverSun Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001236275
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				161633636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38063
		FILM NUMBER:		23678793

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 EAGLE ROCK AVE
		CITY:			EAST HANOVER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07936
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-251-0056

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 EAGLE ROCK AVE
		CITY:			EAST HANOVER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07936

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TREY RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050923

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TREY INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030528

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-23-000161.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 silversun20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

silversun20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 	 incorporation or organization) 	 	 	 	 	 	 (I.R.S. Employer 	 Identification No.) 	 	 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class 	 	 	 Trading Symbol(s) 	 	 	 Name of each exchange on which registered 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 The Capital Market 	 	 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 Accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller Reporting Company 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Emerging growth company 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 based on a closing price of 2.71 was . 

As of February 27, 2023, the registrant had shares of its common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 

5 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

18 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

26 

Item 2. 

Properties 

26 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

27 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

27 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

28 

Item 6. 

Reserved 

28 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

29 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

36 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

36 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

36 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

36 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

37 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

37 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

38 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

41 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

44 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

45 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

45 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

46 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

48 

SIGNATURES 

49 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements, as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including matters described in the section titled Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology, such as the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, project, plan, will, shall, should, and similar expressions, including when used in the negative. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published, to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise. 

We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. The COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect us, our customers, counterparties, employees, and third-party service providers, and the ultimate extent of the impacts on our business, financial position, results of operations, liquidity and prospects are uncertain. In addition, changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies or practices because of, or in response to COVID-19, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However, due to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

From time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases, in our presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

For discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results see Item 1A Risk Factors below. 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, SilverSun , the Company , we , us or our refer to SilverSun Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

4

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business Overview 

The Company is engaged in providing transformational business management applications and technologies and professional consulting services to small and medium size companies, primarily in the manufacturing, distribution and service industries. 

We are executing a multi-pronged business strategy centered on cloud-based products, services, recurring revenue, customer retention and on rapidly increasing the size of our installed customer base. The growth of our customer base is accomplished via both our traditional marketing programs and acquisitions. After a customer is secured, our strategy is to up-sell and cross-sell, providing the customer with advanced technologies and third-party add-ons that help them digitally transform their business. These add-on products could include application hosting, cybersecurity, warehouse management, human capital management, payment automation, sales tax compliance or any number of other products or services that we represent. Many of these incremental products and services are billed on a subscription basis, often paying monthly for the service, which increases our monthly recurring revenue MRR ). This strategy increases the average revenue per customer, which facilitates our continued growth, and reduces our cost of customer acquisition, which enhances our profitability profile. 

As a business application, technology and consulting company, we provide strategies and solutions to meet our clients information, technology and business management needs. Our services and technologies enable customers to manage, protect and monetize their enterprise assets whether on-premise or in the cloud. As a value-added reseller of business application software, we offer solutions for accounting and business management, financial reporting, Enterprise Resource Planning ERP ), Human Capital Management HCM ), Warehouse Management Systems WMS ), Customer Relationship Management CRM ), and Business Intelligence BI ). Additionally, we have our own development staff building software solutions for various ERP enhancements. Our value-added services focus on consulting and professional services, specialized programming, training, and technical support. We have a dedicated Information Technology IT managed services practice that provides cybersecurity, application hosting, disaster recovery, business continuity, cloud and other services. Our customers are nationwide, with concentrations in the New York/New Jersey metropolitan area, Arizona, Connecticut, Southern California, North Carolina, Washington, Oregon and Illinois. 

Our core business is divided into the following practice areas: 

ERP (Enterprise Resource Management) and Accounting Software 

We are a value-added reseller for a number of industry-leading ERP applications. We are a Sage Software Authorized Business Partner and Sage Certified Gold Development Partner. We believe we are among the largest Sage partners in North America, with a sales and implementation presence complemented by a scalable software development practice for customizations and enhancements. Due to the growing demand for cloud-based ERP solutions, we also have in our ERP portfolio Acumatica, a browser-based ERP solution that can be offered on premise, in the public cloud, or in a private cloud, and Sage Intacct, a cloud-based ERP software solution. We develop and resell a variety of add-on solutions to all our ERP and accounting packages that help customize the installation to our customers needs and streamline their operations. 

Value-Added Services for ERP 

We go beyond simply reselling software packages; we have a consulting and professional services organization that manages the process as we move from the sales stage into implementation, go live, and production. We work inside our customers organizations to ensure all software and IT solutions are enhancing their business needs. A significant portion of our services revenue comes from continuing to work with existing customers as their business needs change, upgrading from one version of software to another, or providing additional software solutions to help them manage their business and grow their revenue. We have a dedicated help desk team that fields hundreds of calls every week. Our custom programming department builds specialized software packages as well as off the shelf enhancements and time and billing software. 

Network and Managed Services 

We provide comprehensive IT network and managed services designed to eliminate the IT concerns of our customers. Businesses can focus on their core strengths rather than technology issues. We adapt our solutions for virtually any type of business from product and service providers to small businesses with local customers. Our business continuity services provide automatic on-site and off-site backups, complete encryption, and automatic failure testing. We also provide application hosting, IT consulting and managed network services. 

5

Table of Contents 

Industry Overview 

As a value-added reseller of business application software, we offer solutions for accounting and business management, financial reporting, managed services, ERP, HCM, WMS, CRM, and BI. Additionally, we have our own development staff building software solutions for various ERP enhancements. Our value-added services focus on consulting and professional services, specialized programming, training, and technical support. The majority of our customers are small and medium businesses SMBs ). 

Potential Competitive Strengths 

Independent Software Vendor. As an independent software vendor we have published integrations between ERPs and third-party products which differentiates us from other business application providers because, as a value-added reseller of the ERPs that our proprietary products integrate with, we have specific software solution expertise in the ERPs we resell, which ensures that our products tightly integrate with the ERPs. We own the intellectual property related to these integrations and sell the solutions both directly and through other software resellers within the Sage network. 

Sage Certified Gold Development Partner . As a Sage Certified Gold Development Partner, we are licensed to customize the source code of the Sage ERPs. Very few resellers are master developers, and in fact, we provide custom programming services for many other resellers. We have full-time programmers on staff, which provides us with a depth and breadth of expertise that we believe very few competitors can match. 

Ability to Recruit, Manage and Retain Quality Personnel . We have a track record of recruiting, managing and retaining skilled labor and our ability to do so represents an important advantage in an industry in which a shortage of skilled labor is often a key limitation for both clients and competitors alike. We recruit skilled labor from competitors and from amongst end users with experience using the various products we sell, whom we then train as consultants. We believe our ability to hire, manage and maintain skilled labor gives us an edge over our competitors as we continue to grow. 

Combination of Hardware/Software Expertise . Many competitors have software solution expertise. Others have network/hardware expertise. We believe we are among the very few organizations with an expertise in both software and hardware, affording us the opportunity to provide turnkey solutions for our customers without the need to bring in additional vendors on a project. 

Technical Expertise . Our geographical reach and substantial technical capabilities afford our clients the ability to customize and tailor solutions to satisfy all of their business needs. 

Our Growth Strategy 

General 

Our strategy is to grow our business through a combination of organic growth of our software applications, technology solutions and managed services, as well as expansion through acquisitions. We have established a national presence via our internal marketing, sales programs, and acquisitions and now have ERP customers throughout most of the United States. 

Organic Growth 

Our organic growth strategy is to increase our market penetration and client retention through the upgrade of, and expanded sales efforts with our existing products and managed services and development of new and enhanced software and technology solutions. Our client retention is sustained by our providing responsive, ongoing software and technical support and monitoring and maintenance services for both the solutions we sell and other client technology needs we provide. 

Repeat business from our existing customer base has been key to our success and we expect it will continue to play a vital role in our growth. We focus on nurturing long-standing relationships with existing customers while also establishing relationships with new customers. 

6

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions 

The markets in which we provide our services are occupied by a large number of competitors, many substantially larger than us, and with significantly greater resources and geographic reach. We believe that to remain competitive, we need to take advantage of acquisition opportunities that arise which may help us achieve greater geographic presence and economies both within our existing footprint and expanded territories. We may also utilize acquisitions, whenever appropriate, to expand our technological capabilities and product offerings. We focus on acquisitions that are profitable and fit seamlessly with our existing operations. 

We believe our markets contain a number of attractive acquisition candidates. We foresee expanding through acquisitions of one or more of the following types of software and technology organizations: 

Managed Service Providers MSPs . MSPs provide their small and medium-sized business clients with a suite of services, which may include application hosting, cybersecurity, disaster recovery, business continuity, data back-up, and the like. There are hundreds of providers of such services in the U.S., most with annual recurring revenue of less than 10 million. We believe that we may be able to consolidate a number of these MSPs with our existing operation in an effort to become one of the more significant providers of these services in the U.S. 

Independent Software Vendors ISVs . ISVs are publishers of both stand-alone software solutions and integrations that integrate with other third-party products. Our interest lies with ISVs selling into the small and medium-sized business marketplace, providing applications addressing e-commerce, mobility, security, and other functionalities. Since we have expertise in both selling directly to end-users and selling through a sales channel, we believe we can significantly enhance the sales volume of any potential acquisition via our existing infrastructure, our sales channel, and our internal marketing programs. There are many ISVs in North America, constituting a large and significant target base for our acquisition efforts. 

Value-Added Resellers VARs of ERP, Human Capital Management HCM ), Warehouse Management Systems WMS ), CRM and BI Software . VAR s gross margins are a function of the sales volume they provide a publisher in a twelve (12) month period, and we are currently operating at the highest margins. Smaller resellers who sell less and operate at significantly lower margins, are at a competitive disadvantage to companies such as ours, and are often amenable to creating a liquidity event for themselves by selling to larger organizations. We have benefitted from completing such acquisitions in a number of ways, including but not limited to: (i) garnering new customers to whom we can upsell and cross-sell our broad range of products and services; (ii) gaining technical resources that enhance our capabilities; and (iii) extending our geographic reach. 

Our business strategy provides that we will examine the potential acquisition of businesses within and outside our industry. In determining a suitable acquisition candidate, we will carefully analyze a target s potential to add to and complement our product mix, expand our existing revenue base, improve our margins, expand our geographic coverage, strengthen our management team, add technical resources and expertise, and, above all, improve stockholder returns. More specifically, we have identified the criteria listed below, by which we evaluate potential acquisition targets in an effort to gain the synergies necessary for successful growth of the Company: 

Access to new customers and geographic markets; 

Recurring revenue of the target; 

Opportunity to gain operating leverage and increased profit margins; 

Diversification of sales by customer and/or product; 

Improvements in product/service offerings; and 

Ability to attract public capital and increased investor interest. 

We are unable to predict the nature, size or timing of any acquisition. We can give no assurance that we will reach agreement or procure the financial resources necessary to fund any acquisition, or that we will be able to successfully integrate or improve returns as a result of any such acquisition. 

7

Table of Contents 

We continue to seek out and hold preliminary discussions with various acquisition candidates. 

On April 1, 2021, SWK Technologies, Inc. SWK acquired certain assets of CT-Solution, Inc. CTS ), a leading Indianapolis-based reseller of Sage Software solutions. Over the last 20 years, CTS has implemented technology applications at prominent manufacturers, distributors, and professional service organizations throughout the Midwest. 

On May 1, 2021, SWK acquired certain assets of PeopleSense, Inc. PSI ), a leading Chicago-based reseller of Sage Software's human resource management solutions. Over the last 18 years, PSI has implemented HCM solutions to clientele spanning over half of the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 

On January 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Dynamic Tech Services, Inc DTS ), a Georgia corporation pursuant to which SWK acquired from DTS certain assets related to the component of DTS operations devoted to selling and supporting Acumatica Enterprise Resource Planning solutions. 

On January 22, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire certain assets of NEO3, LLC NEO3 ), an Ohio-based company related to its Sage 100 and Acumatica operations. 

Enterprise Resource Planning Software Strategy 

Our ERP software strategy is focused on serving the needs of our expansive installed base of customers for our Sage 100, Sage 500, and Sage BusinessWorks practices, while rapidly growing the number of customers using Acumatica. We currently have approximately 8,000 active ERP customers using one of these solutions, including customers using certain add-on support products to these solutions. In the past, we had focused primarily on on-premise mid-market Sage Software solutions. However, we now focus primarily on cloud ERP solutions. This has allowed us to increase our average deal size and to keep pace with the changing trends that we see in the industry. 

Managed Services Strategy 

The IT Managed Services market is broadly segmented by types of services, including managed datacenter, managed network, managed mobility, managed infrastructure, managed communications, managed information, managed security and other managed services. In addition, the market is segmented by market verticals, such as public sector, banking, financial services and insurance, education, retail, contact centers and service industries, high tech and telecommunications, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, travel and logistics, manufacturing, energy and utilities among others. 

The recent trend in the industry shows that there is a high demand for managed services across every industry vertical. The implementation of managed services can reduce IT costs by 30 to 40 in such enterprises. This enables organizations to have flexibility and technical advantage. Enterprises having their services outsourced look forward to risk sharing and to reduce their IT costs and IT commitments, so that they can concentrate on their core competencies. Organizations implementing managed services have reported almost a 50 to 60 increase in the operational efficiency of their outsourced processes. Enterprises have accepted outsourcing services as a means to enable them to reduce their capital expenditures (CapEx) and free up internal sources. Newer managed services that penetrate almost all the industry domains, along with aggressive pricing in services, are being offered. This results in an increase in the overall revenues of the managed services market. With increasing technological advancements and the cost challenges associated with having the IT services in-house, we believe the future seems optimistic for managed services providers. 

Our strategy is to continue to expand our product offerings to the small and medium sized business marketplace, and to increase our scale and capabilities via acquisition throughout the United States, but initially in those regions where we currently have existing offices. 

Geographic Expansion 

Generally, our technology offerings require some on-premise implementation and support. When we expand into new geographic territories, we prefer to find qualified personnel in an area to augment our current staff of consultants to service our business. The need for hands-on implementation and support may also require investment in additional physical offices and other overhead. We believe our approach is conservative. 

We may accelerate expansion if we find complementary businesses that we are able to acquire in other regions. Our marketing efforts to expand into new territories have included attendance at trade shows in addition to personal contact. 

8

Table of Contents 

Our Products and Services 

Enterprise Resource Planning Software 

Substantially all our initial sales of ERP financial accounting solutions consist of pre-packaged software and associated services to customers in the United States. 

The Company resells ERP software published by Sage Software, including Sage Intacct, Acumatica and other providers for the financial accounting requirements of small- and medium-sized businesses focused on manufacturing, distribution, and professional services, and the delivery of related services from the sales of these products, including installation, implementation, support and training. The programs perform and support a wide variety of functions related to accounting, including financial reporting, accounts payable and accounts receivable, and inventory management. 

We provide end-user technical support services through our support/help desk. Our product and technology consultants assist customers calling with questions about product features, functions, usability issues, and configurations. The support/help desk offers services in a variety of ways, including prepaid services, time and materials billed as utilized and annual support contracts. Customers can communicate with the support/help desk through e-mail, telephone, and fax channels. Standard support/help desk services are offered during normal business hours five (5) days per week. 

Warehouse Management Systems 

We are resellers of warehouse management software for mid-market distributors. The primary purpose of a WMS is to control the movement and storage of materials within an operation and process the associated transactions. Directed picking, directed replenishment, and directed put-away are the key to WMS. The detailed setup and processing within a WMS can vary significantly from one software vendor to another. However, the basic WMS will use a combination of item, location, quantity, unit of measure, and order information to determine where to stock, where to pick, and in what sequence to perform these operations. 

The WMS software improves accuracy and efficiency, streamlines materials handling, meets retail compliance requirements, and refines inventory control. Accellos also works as part of a complete operational solution by integrating seamlessly with radio frequency hardware, accounting software, shipping systems and warehouse automation equipment. 

We market WMS solutions to both our new and existing medium-sized business customers. 

IT Managed Network Services and Business Consulting 

We provide IT managed services, cybersecurity, business continuity, disaster recovery, data back-up, network maintenance and service upgrades for our business clients. We are a Microsoft Solutions Provider. Our staff includes engineers who maintain certifications from Microsoft and Sage Software. They are Microsoft Certified Systems Engineers and Microsoft Certified Professionals, and they provide a host of services for our clients, including remote network monitoring, server implementation, support and assistance, operation and maintenance of large central systems, technical design of network infrastructure, technical troubleshooting for large scale problems, network and server security, and backup, archiving, and storage of data from servers. There are numerous competitors, both larger and smaller, nationally and locally, with whom we compete in this market. 

Cybersecurity 

We provide enterprise level security services to the mid-market. Our cybersecurity-as-a-service offering includes a security operations center, incident response, cybersecurity assessments, penetration testing, and hacking simulations. The service is particularly well-suited for customers in compliance-driven and regulated industries, including financial services, pension administration, insurance, and the land and title sector. 

Application Hosting 

We provide hosting services to customers located throughout the country within our own data centers. 

9

Table of Contents 

Product Development 

We are continually looking to improve and develop new products. Our product initiatives include various new product offerings, which generally are extensions of existing products. We are using a dual-shore development approach to keep product development costs at a minimum. All our product development is led by U.S. based employees. The project leaders are technical resources who are involved in developing technical specifications, design decisions, usability testing, and transferring the project knowledge to our offshore development team. Several times per week, the product development leadership team meets with our project leaders and development teams to discuss project status, development obstacles, and project timelines. 

Arrangements with Principal Suppliers 

Our revenues are primarily derived from the resale of vendor software products and services. These resales are made pursuant to channel sales agreements whereby we are granted authority to purchase and resell the vendor products and services. Under these agreements, we either resell software directly to our customers or act as a sales agent for various vendors and receive commissions for our sales efforts. 

We are required to enter into an annual Channel Partner Agreement with Sage Software whereby Sage Software appoints us as a non-exclusive partner to market, distribute, and support Sage 100, Sage 500, and Sage Intacct. The Channel Partner Agreement is for a one-year term, and automatically renews for an additional one-year term on the anniversary of the agreement s effective date. These agreements authorize us to sell these software products to customers in the United States. There are no clauses in this agreement that limit or restrict the services that we can offer to customers. We also operate a Sage Software Authorized Training Center Agreement and are party to a Master Developers Program License Agreement. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, purchases from one supplier through a channel partner agreement were approximately 15 and 13 respectively. This channel partner agreement is for a one-year term and automatically renews for an additional one-year term on the anniversary of the agreements effective date. Generally, the Company does not rely on any one specific supplier for all its purchases and maintains relationships with other suppliers that could replace its existing supplier should the need arise. 

Customers 

We market our products primarily throughout North America. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the top ten customers accounted for 7 3,147,258) and 9 3,644,319), respectively, of total revenues. Generally, we do not rely on any one specific customer for any significant portion of our revenue base. No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of our consolidated revenues base. 

Intellectual Property 

We regard our technology and other proprietary rights as essential to our business. We rely on copyright, trade secret, confidentiality procedures, contract provisions, and trademark law to protect our technology and intellectual property. We have also entered into confidentiality agreements with our consultants and corporate partners and intend to control access to, and distribution of our products, documentation, and other proprietary information. 

Competition 

Our markets are highly fragmented, and the business is characterized by a large number of participants, including several large companies, as well significant number of small, privately-held, local competitors. A significant portion of our revenue is currently derived from requests for proposals RFPs and price is often an important factor in awarding such agreements. Accordingly, our competitors may underbid us if they elect to price their services aggressively to procure such business. Our competitors may also develop the expertise, experience and resources to provide services that are equal or superior in both price and quality to our services, and we may not be able to enhance our competitive position. The principal competitive factors for our professional services include geographic presence, breadth of service offerings, technical skills, quality of service and industry reputation. We believe we compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of these factors. 

10

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 

As of February 6, 2022, we had approximately 172 full time employees with 45 of our employees engaged in sales and marketing activities, 97 employees are engaged in service fulfillment, and 30 employees performing administrative functions. 

Human capital management is critical to our ongoing business success, which requires investing in our people. Our aim is to create a highly engaged and motivated workforce where employees are inspired by leadership, engaged in purpose-driven, meaningful work and have opportunities for growth and development. We are committed to creating and maintaining a work environment in which employees are treated with respect and dignity. We value our diverse employees and provide career and professional development opportunities that foster the success of our company. An effective approach to human capital management requires that we invest in talent, development, culture and employee engagement. We aim to create an environment where our employees are encouraged to make positive contributions and fulfill their potential. We emphasize our core values of innovation, encouragement, motivation, and curiosity with our employees to instill our culture and create an environment of growth and positivity. 

Our future success depends in significant part upon the continued services of our key sales, technical, and senior management personnel and our ability to attract and retain highly qualified sales, technical, and managerial personnel. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement and we have never experienced a work stoppage. 

Our Corporate History 

We were incorporated on October 3, 2002, as a wholly owned subsidiary of iVoice, Inc. iVoice ). On September 5, 2005, we changed our corporate name to Trey Resources, Inc. On February 11, 2004, the Company was spun off from iVoice and became an independent publicly traded company. In March 2004, Trey Resources, Inc. began trading on the OTCBB under the symbol TYRIA.OB. In June 2011, we changed our name to SilverSun Technologies, Inc., trading under the symbol SSNT. 

Prior to June 2004, we were engaged in the design, manufacture, and marketing of specialized telecommunication equipment. On June 2, 2004, our wholly-owned subsidiary, SWK Technologies, Inc. SWK completed its acquisition of SWK, Inc. 

On June 2, 2006, SWK completed the acquisition of certain assets of AMP-Best Consulting, Inc. AMP of Syracuse, New York. AMP is an information technology company and value-added reseller of licensed ERP software published by Sage Software. AMP sold services and products to various end users, manufacturers, wholesalers and distribution industry clients located throughout the United States, with special emphasis on companies located in the upstate New York region. 

During 2011, SWK acquired Sage s Software s customer accounts in connection with IncorTech, LLC IncorTech ), a Southern California-based Sage business partner. This transaction increased our geographical influence in Southern California for the sale and support of our MAPADOC integrated EDI solution and the marketing of our Sage EM (formerly Sage ERP X3) to both former IncorTech customers as well as new consumers. IncorTech had previously provided professional accounting, technology, and business consulting services to over 300 clients. 

In June 2012, SWK acquired selected assets and obligations of Hightower, Inc., a Chicago-based reseller of Sage software applications. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits that this acquisition brought to SWK, there was also a substantial suite of proprietary enhancement software solutions. 

In May 2014, we completed the purchase of selected assets of ESC Software ESC ), a leading Arizona-based reseller of Sage Software and Acumatica applications. Founded in 2000, ESC has implemented technology solutions at prominent companies throughout the Southwest. In addition to the strategic benefits of this acquisition, it has given us additional annual revenues, approximately 300 additional Sage Software ERP customers and affords us market penetration in the Southwest. 

On March 11, 2015 SWK entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with 2000 SOFT, Inc. d/b/a Accounting Technology Resource ATR ), a California corporation. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits of this acquisition, it has provided additional revenues from the approximately 250 additional customers. 

On July 6, 2015 SWK entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with ProductiveTech, Inc. PTI ), a New Jersey managed IT service provider.corporation. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits of this acquisition, it has provided additional revenues from the approximately 85 additional customers. 

On October 1, 2015, SWK entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with The Macabe Associates, Inc., Macabe a Washington based reseller of Sage Software and Acumatica applications. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits of this acquisition, it has provided additional revenues from the approximately 180 additional customers. 

11

Table of Contents 

On October 19, 2015, SWK entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Oates Company, Oates a North Carolina reseller of Sage Software applications. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits of this acquisition, it has provided additional revenues from the approximately 185 additional customers. 

On May 31, 2018, SWK entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Info Sys Management, Inc., ISM an Oregon based reseller of Sage Software and Acumatica applications. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits of this acquisition, it has provided additional revenues from the approximately 700 additional customers. 

In May 2018, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Secure Cloud Services, Inc. SCS ), a Nevada corporation, for the purpose of providing application hosting services. On May 31, 2018, Secure Cloud Services entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Nellnube, Inc. Nellnube an Oregon based application hosting provider. 

In May 2018, the Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Critical Cyber Defense Corp. CCD ), a Nevada corporation, for the purpose of providing cyber defense products and services. 

On January 1, 2019, SWK entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Partners in Technology, Inc.( PIT ), an Illinois based reseller of Sage Software. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits of this acquisition, it has provided additional revenues from the approximately 170 additional customers. 

On August 26, 2019 SWK entered into and closed that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the MAPADOC Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, SPS Commerce, Inc., as buyer SPS ), and SWK as seller, pursuant to which SPS agreed to acquire from SWK substantially all of the assets related to the MAPADOC business. 

On July 31, 2020, the Company entered into an Asset Agreement to acquire certain assets of Prairie Technology Solutions Group, LLC, PT ), a Chicago-based managed services provider ("MSP") which provides managed IT services, cybersecurity, and business continuity and disaster recovery services for small and medium-sized businesses pursuant to an Asset Agreement. This acquisition will help us in our plans to expand our MSP business to other regions where we currently have significant numbers of customers from our other technology businesses, including Phoenix, Southern California, the Pacific Northwest, and North Carolina. 

On October 1, 2020, the Company acquired certain assets of Computer Management Services, LLC CMS pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement. CMS is in the business of selling and supporting enterprise resource planning and similar software for small and middle market companies. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits of this acquisition, it has provided additional revenues from its additional customers. 

On December 1, 2020, the Company acquired certain assets of a company d/b/a Business Software Solutions BSS pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement. BSS is an Oregon based reseller of Sage Software and Acumatica applications. In addition to the strategic geographic benefits of this acquisition, it has provided additional revenues from its additional customers. 

On April 1, 2021, SWK acquired certain assets of CT-Solution, Inc. CTS ), a leading Indianapolis-based reseller of Sage Software solutions. Over the last 20 years, CT-Solution has implemented technology applications at prominent manufacturers, distributors, and professional service organizations throughout the Midwest. 

On May 1, 2021, SWK acquired certain assets of PeopleSense, Inc. PSI ), a leading Chicago-based reseller of Sage Software's human resource management solutions. Over the last 18 years, PeopleSense has implemented HCM solutions to clientele spanning over half of the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 

On November 10, 2021, SWK entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Net@Work, Inc. NAW pursuant to which NAW acquired from SWK certain assets related to the component of SWK s business devoted to selling and supporting the Sage X3 software application published by Sage Software, Inc. for small and middle market companies in North America. 

On January 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Dynamic Tech Services, Inc (DTS ), a Georgia corporation DTS pursuant to which SWK acquired from DTS certain assets related to the component of DTS operations devoted to selling and supporting Acumatica Cloud Enterprise Resource Planning solutions. 

On January 22, 2022, entered into an agreement to acquire certain assets of NEO3, LLC NEO3 ), an Ohio-based company related to its Sage 100 and Acumatica operations. 

12

Table of Contents 

Recent Events Rhodium Merger Agreement 

On September 29, 2022, SilverSun Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation SilverSun or the Company ), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Rhodium Enterprises Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub I ), Rhodium Enterprises Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub II ), and Rhodium Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation Rhodium ). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, among other things, (i) Merger Sub I shall be merged with and into Rhodium (the First Merger in accordance with Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). As a result of the First Merger, Merger Sub I shall cease to exist, and Rhodium shall continue as the surviving corporation of the First Merger (the First Surviving Company ), and (ii) immediately following the First Merger, Rhodium shall be merged with and into Merger Sub II (the Second Merger and together with the First Merger, the Mergers in accordance with the DGCL and the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act DLLCA ). As a result of the Second Merger, Rhodium shall cease to exist, and Merger Sub II shall continue as the surviving company of the Second Merger (the Surviving Company and as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of SilverSun which will operate the pre-Merger business of Rhodium through its management of Rhodium Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Technologies ). 

Upon consummation of the Mergers, SilverSun will be structured as an umbrella partnership C-corporation and will have two classes of common stock outstanding, the SilverSun Class A common stock and the SilverSun Class B common stock. The holders of shares of SilverSun Class A common stock and Class B common stock will be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, held of record on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally. The SilverSun legacy stockholders and option holders (collectively, the SilverSun Legacy Stockholders will retain approximately 6.22 of the outstanding SilverSun Class A common stock (on a fully diluted basis) which, following the Mergers will be approximately 3.2 of the outstanding SilverSun common stock. The Rhodium legacy stockholders and equity holders (collectively, the Rhodium Legacy Stockholders will receive approximately 93.78 of the SilverSun Class A common stock (on a fully diluted basis) which, following the Mergers, will be approximately 96.8 of the SilverSun common stock. Imperium Investment Holdings LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company and the existing holder of 100 of Rhodium Class B common stock will hold 100 of the SilverSun Class B common stock following the consummation of the Mergers representing approximately 49 of the voting power of the combined company. Upon consummation of the Mergers, SilverSun will become the managing member of Technologies. The parties to the Merger Agreement have agreed that for all purposes of the Merger Agreement: (i) the agreed pro forma net equity value of SilverSun after giving effect to the Mergers is 671,875,172 (the Pro Forma Valuation ), (ii) based on such Pro Forma Valuation, the agreed value of the consideration to be received by the Rhodium Legacy Stockholders is 650,375,000 (the Rhodium Valuation and the agreed value attributable to the SilverSun Legacy Stockholders is 21,500,172, and (iii) the holders of Rhodium s simple agreements for future equity Rhodium SAFEs outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time shall receive SilverSun Class A common stock at the effective time of the First Merger based on the Rhodium Valuation. Following the Mergers, SilverSun s Class A common stock shall be listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq and SilverSun shall be renamed Rhodium Enterprises, Inc. 

In connection with the Mergers and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement: 

subject to stockholder approval, SilverSun will, prior to the effective time of the First Merger, file an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to, among other things, change its name to Rhodium Enterprises, Inc. or such other name agreed to by Rhodium and SilverSun, set forth the number of authorized shares of SilverSun Class A common stock and SilverSun Class B common stock and set forth the rights and preferences of such shares of SilverSun Class A common stock and SilverSun Class B common stock, remove provisions that are no longer applicable following the completion of the Mergers, cancel the designation of the Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and effect, at the discretion of the SilverSun Board, a reverse stock split at a ratio to be determined (the Reverse Stock Split 

prior to the effective time of the Second Merger and immediately following the Reverse Stock Split, by virtue of filing the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and without any additional action on the part of any SilverSun entity, Rhodium or the holders of any securities of SilverSun or Rhodium, including holders of SilverSun common stock, each share of SilverSun common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation will be automatically be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of SilverSun Class A common stock; 

at the effective time of the First Merger, by virtue of the First Merger, each share of Rhodium Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger (other than any dissenting shares or the Excluded Rhodium Shares (as such term is defined below)) will automatically be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of SilverSun Class A common stock equal to the Rhodium Class A Exchange Ratio (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement); 

13

Table of Contents 

each share of Rhodium Class B common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger (other than any dissenting shares or the Excluded Rhodium Shares) will automatically be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of SilverSun Class B common stock equal to the Rhodium Class B Exchange Ratio (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement); 

each Rhodium warrant that is outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the First Effective Time will be converted into and become a warrant to purchase SilverSun Class A common stock and SilverSun will assume each such Rhodium warrant in accordance with its terms; 

each holder of a Rhodium Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger will, at the closing, receive a certain number of validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of SilverSun Class A common stock equal to the Purchase Amount (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) divided by the per share price implied by the Rhodium Valuation (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement); 

each share of Rhodium common stock held in the treasury of Rhodium, owned by Rhodium or any of its direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries or by SilverSun or any of its affiliates at the effective time of the First Merger (collectively, the Excluded Rhodium Shares if any, will be cancelled automatically and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be paid for those Excluded Rhodium Shares; 

each Rhodium restricted stock unit RSU that is a vested will, as of the effective time of the First Merger , be automatically cancelled without any action on the part of any holder thereof in consideration for the right to receive a number of shares of SilverSun Class A common stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of shares of Rhodium Class A common stock subject to such vested RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger by (y) the Rhodium Class A Exchange Ratio (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement). Each Rhodium RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger and that is not a vested RSU will, as of the effective time of the First Merger , automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into a restricted stock unit award with respect to a number of shares of SilverSun Class A common stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of shares of Rhodium Class A common stock subject to such unvested RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger by (y) the Rhodium Class A Exchange Ratio (each, a Rhodium Adjusted RSU Award ). Each such Rhodium Adjusted RSU Award will continue to have, and will be subject to, the same terms and conditions (including vesting and settlement terms) as applied to the corresponding unvested RSU immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger; 

each SilverSun stock option that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Second Merger but following the Reverse Stock Split will (A) if the exercise price of such SilverSun stock option is equal to or greater than the Per Share SilverSun Value (as defined below), terminate and be cancelled as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Second Merger , without any consideration being payable in respect of each such SilverSun stock option, and have no further force or effect, and (B) if the exercise price of such SilverSun stock option is less than the Per Share SilverSun Value, (i) become fully vested as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Second Merger , (ii) be converted into an option award with respect to a number of shares of SilverSun Class A common stock equal to the total number of shares of SilverSun common stock subject to such SilverSun stock option immediately prior to the effective time of the Second Merger but following the Reverse Stock Split and (iii) shall automatically expire on the 90th th day following the date of the closing. Following the effective time of the Second Merger , (i) no cancelled SilverSun stock option that was outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time shall remain outstanding and each holder of a cancelled SilverSun stock option will cease to have any rights with respect to such cancelled SilverSun stock option and (ii) each adjusted SilverSun option award will continue to have, and will continue to be subject to, the same terms and conditions (other than as set forth in the previous sentence) as applied to the corresponding SilverSun stock option as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Second Merger . For purposes of the foregoing, the Per Share SilverSun Value means the volume-weighted average price, rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent, of a share of SilverSun Class A common stock on Nasdaq (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. or, if not reported by Bloomberg L.P., in another authoritative source mutually selected by the parties to the Merger Agreement) in respect of the five consecutive trading day period beginning at 9:30 am (New York City time) on the first day of such trading day period and ending at 4:00 pm (New York City time) on the fifth full trading day prior to the effective time of the Second Merger ; provided, that such measurement period shall not begin prior to the eighth day prior to the effective time of the Second Merger and will not end after the third day prior to the effective time of the Second Merger , in each case, with such adjustments as necessary to reflect the Reverse Stock Split; 

14

Table of Contents 

at the effective time of the Mergers, and by virtue of the Second Merger, without any additional action on the part of any SilverSun entity, Rhodium or the holders of any securities of SilverSun or Rhodium, including holders of SilverSun common stock, each share of capital stock of Rhodium as the surviving company of the First Merger will be cancelled and each limited liability company interest of Merger Sub II issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into and become one validly issued, fully paid and (to the extent applicable) non-assessable limited liability company interest of Merger Sub II as the surviving company of the Second Merger, with the same rights, powers, and privileges as the limited liability company interests of Merger Sub II as the surviving company of the Second Merger; 

SilverSun will cause its shares of SilverSun Class A common stock to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbol RHDM , to the extent available, at or after the effective time of the Second Merger. 

Merger Sub II will be a wholly owned direct subsidiary of SilverSun and, as a result, Merger Sub II, as the surviving entity of the Second Merger, will operate Rhodium s current business; 

promptly following the effective time of the Second Merger, SilverSun will distribute a cash dividend (the Dividend in the aggregate amount of approximately 8,500,000 (at least 1.50 per pre-Merger/pre-Reverse Stock Split share) to the pre-Merger holders of SilverSun common stock as of a pre-Merger record date to be determined (the Dividend and Distribution Record Date ). The Dividend will be paid out of the 10,000,000 cash to be received by SilverSun from Rhodium in connection with the Mergers. The balance of the 10,000,000 will be used by SilverSun to pay certain transaction expenses including tax payments. In connection with the Mergers, Rhodium will also assume approximately 1,000,000 of SilverSun s income tax liabilities related to the Distribution; 

prior to the effective time of the First Merger , the SilverSun Board and SilverSun shareholders of record as of the record date for the Special Meeting will (i) adopt the SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan, reserving for issuance a number of shares of SilverSun Class A common stock equal to 10 of the fully diluted capitalization of SilverSun (including SilverSun Class B common stock on an as exchanged basis) immediately following the effective time of the First Merger, and (ii) assume the Rhodium 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan in its then-current form; and 

when the transactions contemplated by the Separation Agreement described below are consummated, all of the issued and outstanding common stock of SilverSun s recently created, wholly owned subsidiary, SilverSun Technologies Holdings, Inc.will be distributed to the SilverSun stockholders of record on the Dividend and Distribution Record Date (the Separation and Distribution ). As a result of this Distribution, SilverSun s indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, SWK and SCS, will be owned by the SilverSun stockholders indirectly through their shares of SilverSun Holdings. 

The Merger Agreement contains a number of closing conditions, including the following conditions that apply to the obligations of each of SilverSun, Rhodium, Merger Sub I and Merger Sub II. 

Conditions to Each Party s Obligation to Consummate the Transactions 

The Merger Agreement contains a number of closing conditions, including the following conditions that apply to the obligations of each of SilverSun, Rhodium, Merger Sub I and Merger Sub II: 

SilverSun shall have obtained the approval of its stockholders to adopt the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Mergers; 

Rhodium shall have obtained the approval of its Class B stockholders to adopt the Merger Agreement; 

the SilverSun registration statement on Form S-4 shall have become effective under the Securities Act, and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the SilverSun registration statement shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC or its staff and not withdrawn; 

the registration statement on Form 10, as may be amended from time to time, filed by SilverSun with the SEC to effect the registration of the shares of common stock of SilverSun Holdings shall have become effective and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC or its staff and not withdrawn; 

the shares of SilverSun Class A common stock to be issued to Rhodium stockholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject only to official notice of issuance; 

the parties to the Merger Agreement shall have received all approvals with any governmental body necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including, but not limited to, the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act ), if applicable; and 

15

Table of Contents 

there shall have not been enacted, promulgated or made effective following the date of the Merger Agreement any law or order by a governmental body of competent jurisdiction that enjoins or otherwise prohibits or makes illegal, and there has not been any legal action by any governmental body seeking to enjoin or prohibit or make illegal, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and there is not in effect any injunction (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) by any governmental body of competent jurisdiction that enjoins or otherwise prohibits the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

The proposed Mergers are expected to close as soon as possible following regulatory approval, subject to the receipt of any applicable regulatory approvals, the approval of SilverSun's and Rhodium's respective stockholders, and other customary closing conditions. 

Prior to the Mergers, SilverSun will hold a special meeting of its shareholders as of a pre-Merger record date to be determined (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the SilverSun stockholders will be asked to vote on the proposals set forth in the Form S-4 Registration Statement of SilverSun (the Form S-4 filed on October 19, 2022, as amended on January 9, 2023 and February 14, 2023 and as may be further amended in the future. These proposals include, but are not limited to, approval of (i) the Mergers; (ii) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (and the matters covered thereby including the Reverse Stock Split); (iii) the Separation and Distribution Agreement; (iv) the SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan; (v) the share issuances related to the Mergers requiring Nasdaq approval; and (vi) the post-Merger board nominees. These proposals are set forth in greater detail in the Form S-4. The Mergers are conditioned upon the approval of the Merger Proposal, subject to terms of the Merger Agreement. If the Merger Proposal is not approved, the other proposals (except the adjournment proposal, as described in the S-4) will not be presented to the shareholders for a vote. Similarly, approval of the Merger proposal is subject to the approval of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation proposal, the Separation and Distribution Agreement proposal and the share issuance proposal. 

The Merger Agreement may be terminated, whether before or after obtaining the requisite vote of SilverSun shareholders, by mutual written consent of SilverSun and Rhodium. 

The Merger Agreement may be terminated, and the transactions abandoned, by either SilverSun or Rhodium at any time before the effective time of the , by written notice from one to the other if (i) the Closing has not occurred on or before March 31, 2023 or such later date mutually agreed to by SilverSun and Rhodium (the Termination Date ), except that the right to terminate the Merger Agreement for this reason is not available to any party who is then in material breach of the Merger Agreement; (ii) the requisite vote of SilverSun shareholders has not been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at the SilverSun Shareholders Meeting (or any adjournment or postponement of such meeting) duly convened for such purpose, except that the right to terminate the Merger Agreement for this reason shall not be available to SilverSun where the failure to obtain the requisite vote has been caused by the action or failure to act of any of the SilverSun Entities or such action or failure to act constitutes a material breach by any of the SilverSun Entities of the Merger Agreement; or (iii) any law or order is enacted, issued, promulgated or entered by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction (including Nasdaq) that permanently enjoins, or otherwise prohibits the consummation of the transactions, and (in the case of any order) such order has become final and non-appealable. 

The Merger Agreement may be terminated, and the transactions abandoned, by SilverSun at any time before the First Effective Time, if (i) Rhodium breaches any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement, which breach (a) would give rise to the failure to satisfy the general closing conditions or the closing conditions to the obligations of SilverSun at the Closing and (b) such breach cannot be cured by the Termination Date, or, if curable, has not been cured by Rhodium within the earlier of (A) 30 days after Rhodium s receipt of written notice of such breach from SilverSun and (B) three business days prior to the Termination Date, subject to certain conditions; or (ii) all of the general closing conditions and the closing conditions to the obligations of Rhodium at the Closing have been satisfied (other than any condition the failure of which to be satisfied has been principally caused by the breach of the Merger Agreement by Rhodium or any of its affiliates and conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied at Closing and which are, at the time of termination, capable of being satisfied) and Rhodium has failed to fulfill its obligations and agreements contained in the Merger Agreement to consummate the Closing within three business days following written notice of such satisfaction from SilverSun and SilverSun is ready, willing and able to consummate the Closing. 

If the Merger Agreement is validly terminated pursuant to the termination section of the Merger Agreement, except as provided below, it shall become void and of no further force and effect, with no liability (except as provided below) on the part of any party (or any stockholder, affiliate or representative of such party), except that, if such termination results from (a) fraud or (b) the willful and material (i) failure of any party to perform its covenants, obligations or agreements contained in the Merger Agreement or (ii) breach by any party of its representations or warranties contained in the Merger Agreement, then such party shall be liable for any damages incurred or suffered by the other parties as a result of such failure or breach. 

16

Table of Contents 

SilverSun shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Rhodium (or its designee(s)) by wire transfer of immediately available funds an amount equal to 5,000,000, if the Merger Agreement is terminated by Rhodium pursuant to the unilateral termination provisions in favor Rhodium described above. 

Rhodium shall pay, or cause to be paid, to SilverSun (or its designee(s)) by wire transfer of immediately available funds an amount equal to 5,000,000, if the Merger Agreement is terminated by SilverSun pursuant to the unilateral termination provisions in favor of SilverSun described above. 

SilverSun Technologies Holdings, Inc. filed its Form 10 with the SEC on December 23, 2022. The Form 10 was withdrawn on February 21, 2023 because the financial statements contained therein were stale. SilverSun Technologies Holdings, Inc. intends to refile a Form 10 containing updated financial statements on or about early March 2023 and expects to be able to request accelerated effectiveness of the Form 10 at its discretion. 

If the Mergers are not completed for any reason, SilverSun will remain an independent public company, its common stock will continue to be listed and traded on Nasdaq under the symbol SSNT and will continue to be registered under the Exchange Act, the distribution and dividend will not take place and SilverSun will continue to file periodic reports with the SEC. 

On February 14, 2023, the Company filed Amendment 2 to Form S-4 Registration Statement with the SEC. 

The Separation and Distribution Agreement 

In connection with the mergers, SilverSun Technologies Holdings, Inc., a recently formed Delaware corporation and direct wholly owned subsidiary of SilverSun SilverSun Holdings ), will enter into that certain Separation and Distribution Agreement (the Separation Agreement ), whereby all of the issued and outstanding common stock of SilverSun Holdings, which owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of (i) SWK Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SilverSun SWK ), and (ii) Secure Cloud Services, Inc., a Nevada corporation and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SilverSun SCS ), will be distributed on a pro rata basis to the stockholders of SilverSun as of a record date to be determined by the SilverSun Board (the Distribution ). Following the Distribution, (a) the businesses of SWK and SCS will continue to be operated consistent with past practices and will be managed by the current management of SilverSun and the current members of the SilverSun Board, and (b) SilverSun Holdings will apply for public listing on the OTCQX of the shares distributed in the Distribution in reliance on a Form 10 registration statement. 

In the Distribution, SilverSun stockholders of record on the Dividend and Distribution Record Date will receive shares of SilverSun Holdings common stock on a pro rata basis. SilverSun Holdings will have 5,256,177 shares of common stock issued and outstanding at the time of the Distribution which is the amount of SilverSun common shares that will be issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split. Accordingly, each holder of SilverSun common stock as of the Dividend and Distribution Record Date will receive one share of SilverSun Holdings common stock for every share of SilverSun common stock held by such holder immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split. 

Promptly following the Second Merger, SilverSun will issue a cash dividend pro rata in the aggregate amount of approximately 8,500,000 (the Dividend to its pre-Merger SilverSun shareholders of record as of a record date, which shall be prior to the closing date of the Mergers, to be determined by the SilverSun Board, which record date shall be the same date as the record date for the Distribution (the Dividend and Distribution Record Date ). 

Following the Distribution, SilverSun will have no wholly-owned subsidiaries other than Critical Cyber Defense Corporation, a Nevada corporation CCDC ). The Separation Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions regarding the separation of the cybersecurity and cloud services businesses from SilverSun. 

Prior to the effectiveness of the Form 10, SilverSun will contribute all of the issued and outstanding common stock of its wholly owned subsidiaries, SWK and SCS, to SWK Holdings (the Contribution ). Following the Mergers, SilverSun will consummate the Distribution to the shareholders of SilverSun as of the Dividend and Distribution Record Date, pursuant to the Merger Agreement and Separation Agreement. Consummation of the Distribution is subject to conditions that must be satisfied or waived by SilverSun prior to the completion of the separation. In addition, SilverSun has the right in its sole and absolute discretion to determine the date and terms of the Distribution and will have the right, at any time until completion of the Distribution, to determine to abandon or modify the Distribution and to terminate the Separation Agreement. 

17

Table of Contents 

In addition, the Separation Agreement governs the treatment of indemnification, insurance, and litigation responsibility and management of SilverSun Holdings and SilverSun after the date of Distribution. The Separation Agreement provides that SilverSun Holdings will indemnify SilverSun following the Distribution for any obligations and liabilities related to or arising from the SilverSun Holdings business, on the one hand, and SilverSun and its wholly owned subsidiary, CCDC, on the other hand, prior to the date of Distribution. Following the Distribution, SilverSun and SilverSun Holdings will indemnify the other party for any obligations and liabilities related to or arising from its respective businesses on or after to the date of Distribution. 

Where You Can Find More Information 

Our website address is www.silversuntech.com . We do not intend our website address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate by reference the contents of the website into this Report. The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Relating to our Business 

We may incur future losses and may be unable to maintain profitability. 

We may incur net losses in the future. Our ability to achieve and sustain long-term profitability is largely dependent on our ability to successfully market and sell our products and services, control our costs, and effectively manage our growth. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain profitability. In the event we fail to maintain profitability, our stock price could decline. 

We cannot accurately forecast our future revenues and operating results, which may fluctuate. 

Our operating history and the rapidly changing nature of the markets in which we compete make it difficult to accurately forecast our revenues and operating results. Furthermore, we expect our revenues and operating results to fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors, including the following: 

the timing of sales of our products and services; 

disruption to the Company s customers and revenue, labor workforce, unavailability of products and supplies used in operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic 

the timing of product implementation, particularly large design projects; 

unexpected delays in introducing new products and services; 

increased expenses, whether related to sales and marketing, product development, or administration; 

the mix of product license and services revenue; and 

costs related to possible acquisitions of technology or businesses. 

We may fail to develop new products or may incur unexpected expenses or delays. 

Although we currently have fully developed products available for sale, we may need to develop various new technologies, products and product features and remain competitive. Due to the risks inherent in developing new products and technologies limited financing, loss of key personnel, and other factors we may fail to develop these technologies and products or may experience lengthy and costly delays in doing so. Although we license some of our technologies in their current stage of development, we cannot assure that we will be able to develop new products or enhancements to our existing products in order to remain competitive. 

18

Table of Contents 

We may need additional financing which we may not be able to obtain on acceptable terms. If we are unable to raise additional capital, as needed, the future growth of our business and operations could be severely limited. 

A limiting factor on our growth is our limited capitalization, which could impact our ability to execute on our business plan. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of debt, this will result in increased interest expense. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of the Company held by existing shareholders will be reduced and our shareholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, new securities may contain rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our Common Stock. If additional funds are raised by the issuance of debt or other equity instruments, we may become subject to certain operational limitations (for example, negative operating covenants). There can be no assurance that acceptable financing necessary to further implement our business plan can be obtained on suitable terms, if at all. Our ability to develop our business, fund expansion, develop or enhance products or respond to competitive pressures, could suffer if we are unable to raise the additional funds on acceptable terms, which would have the effect of limiting our ability to increase our revenues or possibly attain profitable operations in the future. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to reduce probability of fraud occurrence. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. 

Management has concluded that the Company did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

We may fail to recruit and retain qualified personnel. 

We expect to rapidly expand our operations and grow our sales, development and administrative operations. Accordingly, recruiting and retaining such personnel in the future will be critical to our success. There is intense competition from other companies for qualified personnel in the areas of our activities, particularly sales, marketing and managed services. If we fail to identify, attract, retain and motivate these highly skilled personnel, we may be unable to continue our marketing and managed services activities and service our clients needs, and this could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

If our technologies and products contain defects or otherwise do not work as expected, we may incur significant expenses in attempting to correct these defects or in defending lawsuits over any such defects. 

Software products are not currently accurate in every instance, and may never be. Furthermore, we could inadvertently release products and technologies that contain defects. In addition, third-party technology that we include in our products could contain defects. We may incur significant expenses to correct such defects. Clients who are not satisfied with our products or services could bring claims against us for substantial damages. Such claims could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and, if successful, could result in the plaintiffs being awarded significant damages. Our payment of any such expenses or damages could prevent us from becoming profitable. 

Our success is highly dependent upon our ability to compete against competitors that have significantly greater resources than we have. 

The ERP software, MSP and business consulting industries are highly competitive, and we believe that this competition will intensify. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, product development and marketing resources, greater name recognition and larger client bases than we do. Our competitors could use these resources to market or develop products or services that are more effective or less costly than any or all of our products or services or that could render any or all of our products or services obsolete. Our competitors could also use their economic strength to influence the market to continue to buy their existing products. 

19

Table of Contents 

If we are not able to protect our trade secrets through enforcement of our confidentiality and non-competition agreements, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and we may not be profitable. 

We attempt to protect our trade secrets, including the processes, concepts, ideas and documentation associated with our technologies, through the use of confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements with our current employees and with other parties to whom we have divulged such trade secrets. If the employees or other parties breach our confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements or if these agreements are not sufficient to protect our technology or are found to be unenforceable, our competitors could acquire and use information that we consider to be our trade secrets and we may not be able to compete effectively. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, technical and manufacturing resources than we have, and we may not be profitable if our competitors are also able to take advantage of our trade secrets. 

Our failure to secure trademark registrations could adversely affect our ability to market our product candidates and our business. 

Our trademark applications in the United States and any other jurisdictions where we may file may be denied, and we may not be able to maintain or enforce our registered trademarks. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, with respect to the United States Patent and Trademark Office and any corresponding foreign agencies, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our applications and/or registrations, and our applications and/or registrations may not survive such proceedings. Failure to secure such trademark registrations in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions could adversely affect our ability to market our product candidates and our business. 

We may unintentionally infringe on the proprietary rights of others. 

Many lawsuits currently are being brought in the software industry alleging violation of intellectual property rights. Although we do not believe that we are infringing on any patent rights, patent holders may claim that we are doing so. Any such claim would likely be time-consuming and expensive to defend, particularly if we are unsuccessful, and could prevent us from selling our products or services. In addition, we may also be forced to enter into costly and burdensome royalty and licensing agreements. 

Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change and failure to adapt our product development to these changes may cause our products to become obsolete. 

We participate in a highly dynamic industry characterized by rapid change and uncertainty relating to new and emerging technologies and markets. Future technology or market changes may cause some of our products to become obsolete more quickly than expected. 

The trend toward consolidation in our industry may impede our ability to compete effectively. 

As consolidation in the software industry continues, fewer companies dominate particular markets, changing the nature of the market and potentially providing consumers with fewer choices. Also, many of these companies offer a broader range of products than us, ranging from desktop to enterprise solutions. We may not be able to compete effectively against these competitors. Furthermore, we may use strategic acquisitions, as necessary, to acquire technology, people and products for our overall product strategy. The trend toward consolidation in our industry may result in increased competition in acquiring these technologies, people or products, resulting in increased acquisition costs or the inability to acquire the desired technologies, people or products. Any of these changes may have a significant adverse effect on our future revenues and operating results. 

We face intense price-based competition for licensing of our products which could reduce profit margins. 

Price competition is often intense in the software market. Price competition may continue to increase and become even more significant in the future, resulting in reduced profit margins. 

20

Table of Contents 

The software and technology industry is highly competitive. If we cannot develop and market desirable products that the public is willing to purchase, we will not be able to compete successfully. Our business may be adversely affected, and we may not be able to generate any revenues. 

We have many potential competitors in the software industry. We consider the competition to be competent, experienced, and may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. Our ability to compete effectively may be adversely affected by the ability of these competitors to devote greater resources to the development, sales, and marketing of their products than are available to us. Some of the Company s competitors, also, offer a wider range of software products, have greater name recognition and more extensive customer bases than the Company. These competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities, customer desires, as well as undertake more extensive promotional activities, offer terms that are more attractive to customers and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than the Company. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to compete successfully against present or future competitors or that the competitive pressure we may encounter will not force us to cease operations. 

If there are events or circumstances affecting the reliability or security of the internet, access to our website and/or the ability to safeguard confidential information could be impaired causing a negative effect on the financial results of our business operations. 

Despite the implementation of security measures, our website infrastructure may be vulnerable to computer viruses, hacking or similar disruptive problems caused by members, other internet users, other connected internet sites, and the interconnecting telecommunications networks. Such problems caused by third-parties could lead to interruptions, delays or cessation of service to our customers. Inappropriate use of the internet by third-parties could also potentially jeopardize the security of confidential information stored in our computer system, which may deter individuals from becoming customers. Such inappropriate use of the internet includes attempting to gain unauthorized access to information or systems, which is commonly known as cracking or hacking. Although we have implemented security measures, such measures have been circumvented in the past by hackers on other websites on the internet, although our networks have never been breached, and there can be no assurance that any measures we implement would not be circumvented in the future. Dealing with problems caused by computer viruses or other inappropriate uses or security breaches may require interruptions, delays or cessation of service to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we lose the services of any of our key personnel our business may suffer. 

We are dependent on Mark Meller, our Chief Executive Officer, and other key employees in our operating subsidiary SWK. The loss of any of our key personnel could materially harm our business because of the cost and time necessary to retain and train a replacement. Such a loss would also divert management attention away from operational issues. 

To service our debt obligations, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. Any failure to repay our outstanding indebtedness as it matures, could materially adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations and repay or refinance our maturing indebtedness will depend principally upon our future operating performance. 

As a result, prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, will affect our ability to make payments on our debt. If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy our debt service obligations, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, incurring additional debt, issuing equity or convertible securities, reducing discretionary expenditures and selling certain assets (or combinations thereof). Our ability to execute such alternative financing plans will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. In addition, our ability to execute such alternative financing plans may be subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants compared to those associated with any debt that is being refinanced, which could further restrict our business operations. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or our inability to refinance our debt obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. 

Computer Malware, Viruses, Hacking, Phishing Attacks and Spamming Could Harm Our Business and Results of Operations. 

Computer malware, viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions could lead to interruption and delays in our services and operations and loss, misuse or theft of data. Computer malware, viruses, computer hacking and phishing attacks against online networking platforms have become more prevalent and may occur on our systems in the future. 

21

Table of Contents 

Any attempts by hackers to disrupt our website service or our internal systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation or brand. Our network security business disruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover significant expenses and losses related to direct attacks on our website or internal systems. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering our computer systems are expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of our services. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our products and services and technical infrastructure may harm our reputation, brand and our ability to attract customers. Any significant disruption to our website or internal computer systems could result in a loss of customers and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We have previously experienced, and may in the future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, third-party service providers, human or software errors and capacity constraints. If our services are unavailable when customers attempt to access them or they do not load as quickly as they expect, customers may seek other services. 

Some errors in our software code may only be discovered after the code has been deployed. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in our code after deployment, inability to identify the cause or causes of performance problems within an acceptable period of time or difficultly maintaining and improving the performance of our platform, particularly during peak usage times, could result in damage to our reputation or brand, loss of revenues, or liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve our software and to enable rapid releases of new features and products. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be harmed. 

We have a disaster recovery program to transition our operating platform and data to a failover location in the event of a catastrophe and have tested this capability under controlled circumstances, however, there are several factors ranging from human error to data corruption that could materially lengthen the time our platform is partially or fully unavailable to our user base as a result of the transition. If our platform is unavailable for a significant period of time as a result of such a transition, especially during peak periods, we could suffer damage to our reputation or brand, or loss of revenues any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

We Need to Manage Growth in Operations to Realize Our Growth Potential and Achieve Our Expected Revenues, and Our Failure to Manage Growth Will Cause a Disruption of Our Operations Resulting in the Failure to Generate Revenue and an Impairment of Our Long-Lived Assets. 

In order to take advantage of the growth that we anticipate in our current and potential markets, we believe that we must expand our sales and marketing operations. This expansion will place a significant strain on our management and our operational, accounting, and information systems. We expect that we will need to continue to improve our financial controls, operating procedures and management information systems. We will also need to effectively train, motivate and manage our employees. Our failure to manage our growth could disrupt our operations and ultimately prevent us from generating the revenues we expect. 

In order to achieve the above-mentioned targets, the general strategies of our Company are to maintain and search for hard-working employees who are innovative and creative, as well as to keep a close eye on expansion opportunities through merger and/or acquisition. 

There is a risk associated with COVID-19 

The Company s operations may be affected by the recent and ongoing outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) which in March 2020, was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The ultimate disruption which may be caused by the outbreak is uncertain; however, it may result in a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, operations and cash flows. Possible areas that may be affected include, but are not limited to, disruption to the Company s customers and revenue, labor workforce, inability of customers to pay outstanding accounts receivable due and owing to the Company as they limit or shut down their businesses, customers seeking relief or extended payment plans relating to accounts receivable due and owing to the Company, unavailability of products and supplies used in operations, and the decline in value of assets held by the Company, including property and equipment. 

22

Table of Contents 

We Face Risks Arising from Acquisitions. 

We may pursue strategic acquisitions in the future. Risks in acquisition transactions include difficulties in the integration of acquired assets into our operations and control environment, difficulties in assimilating and retaining employees and intermediaries, difficulties in retaining the existing clients of the acquired entities, assumed or unforeseen liabilities that arise in connection with the acquired assets or businesses, the failure of counterparties to satisfy any obligations to indemnify us against liabilities arising from the acquired assets or businesses, and unfavorable market conditions that could negatively impact our growth expectations for the acquired assets or businesses. Fully integrating an acquired company or business into our operations may take a significant amount of time. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered with acquisitions and other strategic transactions. These risks may prevent us from realizing the expected benefits from acquisitions and could result in the failure to realize the full economic value of a strategic transaction or the impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets recognized at the time of an acquisition. These risks could be heightened if we complete a large acquisition or multiple acquisitions within a short period of time. 

Risks Relating to the Proposed Mergers 

There are significant risks associated with the proposed Mergers and the business of Rhodium including the following: 

The value of the shares of SilverSun Class A common stock may decrease following the Mergers. 

The SilverSun Legacy Stockholders will have a significantly reduced ownership and voting interest in SilverSun after the Mergers and will exercise minimal influence over management of the combined company. 

The SilverSun Legacy Stockholders may not realize the value being attributed to their retained SilverSun shares as the result of the Mergers. 

The Mergers are subject to a number of conditions, some of which are beyond the control of the parties to the Merger Agreement. 

The Merger Agreement limits SilverSun s ability to pursue an alternative acquisition proposal and requires SilverSun to pay a termination fee of 5,000,000 if it does. 

The Mergers will result in Imperium, which is currently Rhodium s largest and controlling owner and is controlled by Chase Blackmon, Nicholas Cerasuolo and Cameron Blackmon, holding a substantial portion of the common stock of the combined company, with the right to appoint a portion of the combined company board, and its interests may conflict with those of other stockholders. 

The absence of a historical trading market for Rhodium Class A common stock creates uncertainty about future trading prices of the SilverSun Class A common stock following the Mergers. 

Rhodium is subject to a highly evolving regulatory landscape and any adverse changes to, or its failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect its business, prospects or operations. 

It may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell or use Bitcoin, or other cryptocurrencies, participate in blockchains or utilize similar cryptocurrency assets in one or more countries, the ruling of which would adversely affect Rhodium. 

Rhodium is subject to risks associated with its need for significant electrical power. Government regulators may potentially restrict the ability of electricity suppliers to provide electricity to Bitcoin mining operations, such as Rhodium s. 

While the Mergers are pending, Rhodium will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could adversely affect its business. 

Rhodium s operations are subject to power risk related to power supply, electricity pricing volatility and hosting services. Rhodium does not have fixed electricity pricing at its Temple Site and there is a risk that it may not have a fixed electricity price at this site. 

Rhodium s Rockdale Site is subject to access risks which could create a risk of avoidable downtime due to the inability to perform maintenance or make repairs when needed, and a risk of avoidable damage to equipment for the same reason. 

23

Table of Contents 

While the Mergers are pending, Rhodium may seek to raise additional funds, finance additional acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing additional securities, including capital stock. 

The combined company post-Closing management team has limited experience managing a public company. 

Rhodium s colocation hosting services agreement and its ability to commence or continue its operations at its Rockdale Site is dependent on leases between third parties. 

The Rockdale Site where Rhodium is currently conducting operations is subject to possible environmental risks. 

Rhodium s mining operations will be heavily dependent on a continuous supply of large amounts of electricity to both the Rockdale and Temple Sites which is subject to disruption. Any such disruptions could result in disruption to Rhodium s mining operations and affect Rhodium s ability to operate efficiently and profitably. 

Disruption of high-speed broad-band Internet access to the Rockdale Site and/or Temple Site will result in disruption to Rhodium s mining operations and affect Rhodium s ability to operate efficiently and profitably. 

There is a risk that Rhodium will not secure the funds necessary to finance its operations or future purchases of Bitcoin mining equipment from its suppliers. 

Rhodium is subject to ongoing litigation matters and may become subject to other disputes, including other intellectual property disputes, which are costly and may subject Rhodium to significant liability and increased costs of doing business. 

Future developments regarding the treatment of Bitcoin for U.S. federal income and foreign tax purposes could adversely affect Rhodium. 

Rhodium does not presently have the funds required to fulfill its business plan. 

The market and price for Bitcoin generated by Rhodium can be highly volatile, which may reduce revenues and net income. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation. 

The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include: 

variations in our operating results, earnings per share, cash flows from operating activities, deferred revenue, and other financial metrics and non-financial metrics, and how those results compare to analyst expectations; 

issuances of new stock which dilutes earnings per share; 

forward looking guidance to industry and financial analysts related to future revenue and earnings per share; 

the net increases in the number of customers and customers paying subscriptions, either independently or as compared with published expectations of industry, financial or other analysts that cover our company; 

changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; 

announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; 

announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions, or rumors of such transactions involving us or our competitors; 

announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases; 

recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

trading activity by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock. 

In addition, if the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The market price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industries even if these events do not directly affect us. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we are to become the subject of such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 

24

Table of Contents 

We currently have a limited trading volume, which results in higher price volatility for, and reduced liquidity of, our common stock. 

There has been limited trading of our common stock since we began trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market in April 2017, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a smaller reporting company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stockbrokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community who generate or influence sales volume. Even in the event that we come to the attention of such persons, they would likely be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, our stock price may not reflect an actual or perceived value. Also, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. A broader or more active public trading market for our common shares may not develop or if developed, may not be sustained. Due to these conditions, you may not be able to sell your shares at or near ask prices or at all if you need money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Although our shares have been approved for listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market, our shares may be subject to potential delisting if we do not meet or continue to maintain the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

Our shares have been approved for and are currently trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq however Nasdaq has rules for continued listing, including, without limitation, minimum market capitalization and other requirements. Failure to maintain our listing, or delisting from Nasdaq, would make it more difficult for shareholders to dispose of our common stock and more difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our common stock. This could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Our ability to issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in the future, may also be materially and adversely affected if our common stock is not traded on a national securities exchange. 

In order to raise sufficient funds to expand our operations, we may have to issue additional securities at prices which may result in substantial dilution to our shareholders. 

If we raise additional funds through the sale of equity or convertible debt, our current stockholders percentage ownership will be reduced. In addition, these transactions may dilute the value of our common shares outstanding. We may also have to issue securities that may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock. 

Possible adverse effect of issuance of preferred stock. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which all shares are available for issuance, with designations, rights and preferences as determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. As a result of the foregoing, the Board of Directors can issue, without further shareholder approval, preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of Common Stock. The issuance of preferred stock could, under certain circumstances, discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of the Company. 

Our stock price could fall and we could be delisted from the NASDAQ in which case U.S. Broker-Dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock because they may be considered penny stocks and thus be subject to the penny stock rules. 

The SEC has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stock that restricts transactions involving stock which is deemed to be penny stock. Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These rules may have the effect of reducing the liquidity of penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 per share (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market if current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). Our securities have in the past constituted, and may again in the future constitute, penny stock within the meaning of the rules. The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers may discourage such broker-dealers from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of such shares and impede their sale in the secondary market. 

25

Table of Contents 

A U.S. broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor (generally, an individual with net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse) must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. In addition, the penny stock regulations require the U.S. broker-dealer to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock , a disclosure schedule prepared in accordance with SEC standards relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A U.S. broker-dealer is also required to disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, a U.S. broker-dealer is required to submit monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect to the penny stock held in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks . 

Stockholders should be aware that, according to SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, resulting in investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

On March 1, 2017, the Company entered into a new operating lease agreement for its main office located at 120 Eagle Rock Avenue, East Hanover, NJ 07936. The main office premises consist of 5,129 square feet of office space at a monthly rent starting at 8,762 and escalating to 10,044 per month by the end of the term April 30, 2024. 

On October 24, 2017 the Company entered into a lease for 3,584 per month for one year beginning November 1, 2018 for the additional space at 120 Eagle Rock Ave (suite 302). It was subsequently extended on February 1, 2020 for five years starting while extending the rental space to 3,516 square feet at 6,153 per month and escalating to 6,886 per month by the end of the term. The Company terminated this lease September 30, 2021. 

The Company leased 3,422 square feet of office space in Greensboro, NC with a monthly rent of 4,182 a month. The lease expired February 28, 2017 and was extended after reducing the rental space to 2,267 square feet at a monthly rent of 2,765 per month. The extension expired February 28, 2020 and was renewed for a term of three years at a rate of 3,022 per month. 

The Company leases 6,115 square feet of office space in Thorofare, NJ starting at 4,591 per month and escalating to 5,168 per month by the end of the term February 28, 2022. The Company terminated this lease February 28, 2022. 

The Company leases office space in Chicago, IL with a monthly rent of 582. The lease expired May 31, 2020. This has been renewed for two years expiring May 31, 2022 at rate of 655 per month. The Company terminated this lease May 31, 2022. 

The Company leases office space in Sisters, OR with a monthly rent of 720. The lease expired on November 30, 2019 and is being rented on a month to month basis. 

The Company leases 1,107 square feet of office space in San Diego, CA with a monthly rent of 4,184 escalating to 4,461 per month at the end of the lease term, February 28, 2021. The Company extended this lease for one month, ending March 31, 2021, for 4,461 for the one month. This Company terminated this lease March 31, 2021. 

On February 25, 2019, the Company signed a lease for 1,180 square feet of office space in Lisle, IL. The lease begins April 1, 2019 with a monthly rent of 1,942 escalating to 2,040 by the end of the lease term March 31, 2022. This was terminated March 31, 2022. 

26

Table of Contents 

The Company leases 2,105 square feet of office space in Phoenix, AZ starting at 1,271 and escalating to 2,982 per month by the end of the term September 30, 2020. On June 25, 2020, the Company signed an extension to a lease for 2,105 square feet of space in Phoenix, Arizona. The lease begins October 1, 2020 and terminates September 30, 2023 with a monthly rent of 3,026 escalating to 3,201 per month in the third year. 

The Company leases office space in Burr Ridge, IL starting at 2,849 per month and escalating to 2,929 per month by the end of the term which ends July 30, 2022. The Company requested and received early termination and, as such, the Company terminated the lease on March 31, 2022. 

The Company leases office space in Syracuse, NY, at a monthly rent of 2,300. The lease expired on May 31, 2018 and was subsequently extended for a three-year term commencing June 1, 2018 and ending May 31, 2021. This lease was terminated May 31, 2021. 

Our leased space is utilized for office purposes and it us our belief that the space is adequate for our immediate needs. We do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional facilities if deemed necessary. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Other than indicated below, to our knowledge, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, our subsidiaries or of our Company s or our Company s subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

27

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

The Company has been listed and is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol SSNT . 

(b) Holders of Common Equity 

As of February 26, 2023, there were approximately 855 stockholders of record. An additional number of stockholders are beneficial holders of our Common Stock in street name through banks, brokers and other financial institutions that are the record holders. 

(c) Dividend Information 

On June 21, 2021, the Company announced the payment of a 0.60 special cash dividend per share of Common Stock to shareholders of record July 9, 2021. The dividend was paid on July 16, 2021 in the amount of 3,081,706. 

The Company did not declare or pay any dividends in the year 2022. 

The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. 

Unregistered Equity Securities 

There were no unregistered sales of the Company s equity securities during 2022 that were not previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

On September 29, 2022, the Company approved 120,000 shares of common stock in exchange for services. The market value of these shares was 297,600. These shares were issued in December 2022. 

Transfer Agent 

Our transfer agent is Pacific Stock Transfer Company at 6725 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119. 

Item 6. Reserved 

28

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed by SilverSun Technologies, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, SWK Technologies, Inc., Secure Cloud Services, Inc., and Critical Cyber Defense Corp. (together the Company , we , our , and us from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, the Company s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company s management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the filings, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, future, intend, plan, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, including the risks contained in the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, relating to the Company s industry, the Company s operations and results of operations, and any businesses that the Company may acquire. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Our consolidated financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

SilverSun Technologies, Inc. is engaged in providing transformational business management applications and technologies and professional consulting services to small and medium size companies, primarily in the manufacturing, distribution and service industries. 

We are executing a multi-pronged business strategy centered on recurring revenue, customer retention and on rapidly increasing the size of our installed customer base. The growth of our customer base is accomplished via our traditional marketing programs and acquisitions. After a customer is secured, our strategy is to up-sell and cross-sell, providing the customer with advanced technologies and third-party add-ons that help them digitally transform their business. These add-on products could include application hosting, cybersecurity, warehouse management, human capital management, payment automation, sales tax compliance or any number of other products or services that we represent. Many of these incremental products and services are billed on a subscription basis, often paying monthly for the service, which increases our monthly recurring revenue MRR ). This strategy increases the average revenue per customer, which facilitates our continued growth, and reduces our cost of customer acquisition, which enhances our profitability profile. 

Our core strength is rooted in our ability to discover and identify the driving forces of change that are affecting or will affect businesses in a wide range of industries. We invest valuable time and resources to fully understand how technology is transforming the business management landscape and what current or emerging innovations are deserving of a clients attention. By leveraging this knowledge and foresight, our growing list of clients are empowered with the means to more effectively manage their businesses; to capitalize on real-time insight drawn from their data resources; and to materially profit from enhanced operational functionality, process flexibility and expedited process execution. 

We are a business application, technology and consulting company providing strategies and solutions to meet our clients information, technology and business management needs. Our services and technologies enable customers to manage, protect and monetize their enterprise assets whether on-premise or in the cloud. As a value-added reseller of business application software, we offer solutions for accounting and business management, financial reporting, Enterprise Resource Planning ERP ), Human Capital Management HCM ), Warehouse Management Systems WMS ), Customer Relationship Management CRM ), and Business Intelligence( BI ). 

29

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we have our own development staff building software solutions for various ERP enhancements. Our value-added services focus on consulting and professional services, specialized programming, training, and technical support. We have a dedicated Information Technology IT network services practice that provides managed services, Infrastructure-as-a-Service, cybersecurity, application hosting, disaster recovery, business continuity, cloud and other services. Our customers are nationwide, with concentrations in the New York/New Jersey metropolitan area, Arizona, Connecticut, Southern California, North Carolina, Washington, Oregon and Illinois. 

As Microsoft Certified Systems Engineers and Microsoft Certified Professionals, our staff offers a host of mission critical services, including cybersecurity, business continuity, disaster recovery, application hosting, remote network monitoring, server implementation, support and assistance, and technical design of network infrastructure, among other services. We compete with numerous large and small companies in this market sector, both nationally and locally. 

Distinguished as one of the largest Acumatica and Sage Software practices in North America, we resell enterprise resource planning software published by both Acumatica and Sage, which addresses the financial accounting requirements of small- and medium-size businesses focused on manufacturing and distribution. We also offer services related to these sales, including design, installation, implementation, support and training. These product sales are primarily packaged software programs installed on a user workstation, on a local area network server, or in a hosted environment. The programs perform and support a wide variety of functions related to accounting, including financial reporting, accounts payable, accounts receivable and inventory management. 

We employ consultants and host formal, topic-specific, training classes, both remotely and on-site at our clients facilities. Our consultants must pass annual subject matter examinations required by the software publisher to retain their product-based teaching certifications. We also provide end-user technical support services through our support/help desk, which is available during normal business hours, Monday through Friday. Our team of qualified product and technology consultants assist customers that contact us with questions about product features, functions, usability issues and configurations. The support/help desk offers services in a variety of ways, including prepaid services, time and materials billed as utilized and annual support contracts. Our customers can communicate with our support/help desk through email, chat, telephone and fax channels. 

Led by specialized project managers, we provide professional services ranging from software customization to data migration to small- and medium-size business consulting. 

We also are resellers of the WMS software, which develops warehouse management software for middle market distributors. The primary purpose of a WMS is to control the movement and storage of materials within an operation and process the associated transactions. Directed picking, directed replenishment, and directed put-away are the key to WMS. The detailed setup and processing within a WMS can vary significantly from one software vendor to another. However, the basic WMS will use a combination of item, location, quantity, unit of measure and order information to determine where to stock, where to pick, and in what sequence to perform these operations. The WMS software improves accuracy and efficiency, streamlines materials handling, meets retail compliance requirements, and refines inventory control. WMS also works as part of a complete operational solution by integrating seamlessly with RF hardware, accounting software, shipping systems and warehouse automation equipment. We market the WMS solution to our new and existing medium-sized business clients. 

Investing in the acquisition of other companies and proprietary business management solutions has been an important growth strategy for our Company, allowing us to rapidly expand into new geographic markets and create new and exciting profit centers. To date, we have completed a series of strategic ventures that have served to fundamentally strengthen our Company s operating platform and materially expand our footprint to nearly every U.S. state. More specifically, over the past fifteen years, we have outright acquired select assets of or entered into revenue sharing agreements with Business Tech Solutions Group, Inc.; Wolen Katz Associates; AMP-BEST Consulting, Inc.; IncorTech; Micro-Point, Inc.; HighTower, Inc.; Point Solutions, LLC; SGEN, LLC., ESC, Inc., 2000 SOFT, Inc., Productive Tech Inc., The Macabe Associates, Oates Co; Pinsight Technology, Inc.; Info Sys Management, Inc., Nellnube, Inc., Partners in Technology Inc., Prairie Technology Solutions Group, Inc., Computer Management Services, LLC, Business Software Solutions, PeopleSense, Inc., and more recently Dynamic Tech Services, Inc. and NEO3, LLC. 

Additionally, it is our intention to continue to increase our business by seeking additional opportunities through potential acquisitions, revenue sharing arrangements, partnerships or investments. Such acquisitions, revenue sharing arrangements, partnerships or investments may consume cash reserves or require additional cash or equity. Our working capital and additional funding requirements will depend upon numerous factors, including: (i) strategic acquisitions or investments; (ii) an increase to current company personnel; (iii) the level of resources that we devote to sales and marketing capabilities; (iv) technological advances; and (v) the activities of competitors. 

During 2022 the Company continued to expand its customer base and growth trend which we believe will provide a basis for future growth. 

30

Table of Contents 

As discussed above (see Recent Events Merger), on September 29, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement with Rhodium Enterprises, Inc. Rhodium ), an industrial-scale digital asset technology company utilizing proprietary technologies to mine bitcoin. 

The proposed business combination is expected to close in the first quarter of 2023, subject to the receipt of any applicable regulatory approvals, the approval of SilverSun's and Rhodium's respective stockholders, and other customary closing conditions. 

Results of Operations 

Revenues 

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 3,283,896 (7.9 to 44,985,276 as compared to 41,701,380 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is mostly attributed to an increase in software sales, offset partially by a decrease in service revenues. 

Software sales increased by 3,917,975 (49.8 to 11,781,362 in 2022 from 7,863,387 in 2021. The increase is attributable to an increase in sales of cloud-based ERP software and increased sales of third-party solutions which add functionality to customer s existing systems. 

Service revenue decreased by 634,079 (1.9 to 33,203,914 in 2022 from 33,837,993 in 2021. This decrease is mainly attributed to lower maintenance revenue as more customers migrate to cloud-based products, and lower consulting revenues as a result of customer delays on projects and the sale of a consulting practice in late 2021. Service revenue increased 2,817,672 (8.3 excluding the X3 product line which was sold in 2021. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 752,678 (4.4 to 17,960,736, as compared to 17,208,058 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the overall gross profit percentage was 39.9 , as compared to 41.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The gross profit attributed to software sales increased 1,415,557 (43.1 to 4,703,558 for 2022 from 3,288,001 in 2021, which is due mostly to the increased volume of software sold. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the gross profit percentage for software was 39.9 , as compared to 41.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021. While revenues may decrease because of the shift to a subscription-based business model, our margins will, for the most part, not significantly change. The mix of products being sold by the Company changes from time to time which can cause the overall gross margin percentage to vary. 

The gross profit attributed to services decreased 662,879 (4.8 to 13,257,178 for 2022 from 13,920,057 in 2021. This decrease is mostly due to the gross profit loss associated with sale of a legacy consulting practice in November 2021. Excluding the effect of that practice in 2021, gross profit declined only 5,222 (0.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the gross profit percentage for services was 39.9 as compared to 41.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This change in gross profit percentage is mostly due higher to costs associated with increasing pay and benefits to employees to retain and recruit their services and to address inflationary pressures in the overall economy, plus the training of new employees, who were hired to accommodate our growth, and who are not as yet as billable as our more experienced team. 

Operating Expenses 

Selling and marketing expenses increased 1,025,356 (15.3 to 7,745,265 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 6,719,909 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily due to increased commissions as a result of the increase in software sales, higher travel and entertainment expenses associated with attendance with trade shows and conference as well as higher outside sales expenses. 

General and administrative expenses increased 69,366 (0.7 to 9,471,625 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9,402,259 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is a result of payroll and payroll-related expenses and departmental changes for various employees which involved moving their compensation between cost of revenues and administrative expenses as well as a lower rent, professional fees, license fees and credit card charges, mostly offset by higher recruitment costs, outside services fees, bad debt expense and excise taxes. 

31

Table of Contents 

Share-based compensation decreased 261,050 to 180,260 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 441,310 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to the issuance of stock options in 2021 that were expensed as these stock options were immediately vested. 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 948,965 as compared to 875,566 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase of 73,399 (8.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the additional amortization of intangible assets related to the new acquisitions and increased depreciation related to equipment purchases over the last 12 months. 

Loss Income from Operations 

As a result of the above, the Company had a loss from operations of 385,379 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a loss from operations of 230,986 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other Income (Expense) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, other expense was 89,024 as compared to other income of 274,557 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The year ended December 31, 2021 includes the gain on the sale of a product line in the amount of 250,000 as well as a gain of a bargain purchase from an acquisition in the amount of 71,359 which did not occur in 2022. 

(Loss) Income Before Taxes 

As a result of the above, the Company had a loss before taxes of 474,403 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to income before taxes in the amount of 43,571 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Income Taxes 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded tax benefit of 192,184, primarily as a result of the loss for the year. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a tax provision of 178,005 primarily due to the non-cash share-based compensation, which is related to the issuance of stock options which are not tax deductible in the current year. 

State provision requirements were calculated based on the estimated tax rate. The Federal effective rate is higher than the statutory rate primarily due to the non-cash share-based compensation related to the issuance of stock options which are not tax deductible. 

Net (Loss) Income 

As a result of the above, the Company generated a net loss of 282,219 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a net loss of 134,434 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The uncertainty on the economy continues to create uncertainty for the Company in the coming months and quarters. While our Company has not been significantly impacted because of this uncertainty nor from the impact of Covid-19, the potential negative impact on our business, in the future, is impossible to determine at this point, although it is likely that we could suffer negative consequences as many companies go out of business or decrease their technology spending. As such, we need to rely on our own limited resources to weather any economic downturn. Management will continue to monitor developments, explore various cost-cutting measures, and explore other sources of funding, but there is no guarantee we will be successful in doing so. 

The Company currently has no line of credit or other credit facility with any lender. 

We are currently seeking additional operating income opportunities through potential acquisitions or investments. Such acquisitions or investments may consume cash reserves or require additional cash or equity. Our working capital and additional funding requirements will depend upon numerous factors, including: (i) strategic acquisitions or investments; (ii) an increase in current company personnel; (iii) the level of resources that we devote to sales and marketing capabilities; (iv) technological advances; and (v) the activities of competitors. 

32

Table of Contents 

In addition to developing new products, obtaining new customers and increasing sales to existing customers, management plans to increase its business and profitability by entering into collaboration agreements, buying assets, and acquiring companies in the business software and information technology consulting and other markets with solid revenue streams and established customer bases that generate positive cash flow. We continue to seek these opportunities. 

At December 31, 2022, future payments of promissory notes are as follows over each of the next four fiscal years: 

2023 

783,479 

2024 

360,093 

2025 

258,738 

2026 

52,183 

Total 

1,454,493 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net increase in cash of 1,194,516. The Company s principal sources and uses of funds were as follows: 

Cash provided by operating activities: 

The Company provided 2,038,392 in cash for operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to providing 226,034 of cash from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in cash provided by operations is primarily because of the increase in accounts payable and deferred revenues offset partially by the increase in deferred charges. 

Cash used in investing activities: 

Investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 used cash of 188,742 as compared to using 510,464 of cash for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in cash used is due primarily to lower cash required to acquire businesses or assets as well as lower purchases of property and equipment. In addition, the Company received proceeds from a sale of a product line in 2021 which it did not receive in 2022. 

Cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 financing activities used cash of 655,134 as compared to providing cash of 503,131 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash provided is attributed to the fact that the Company received no proceeds from the sale of common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022, whereas it received net proceeds from the sale of common stock under its Registration Statement on Form S-3 and the previously disclosed At Market Issuance Sales Agreement with a sales agent during the year ended December 31, 2021. The cash received from the sale of stock was offset mostly by the payment of a cash dividend in 2021. 

The Company believes that as a result of the growth in business, and the funds on hand, it has adequate liquidity to fund its operating plans for at least the next twelve months, provided, however, that the Company cannot currently quantify the uncertainty related to the recent pandemic and the uncertainty of the economy and its effects on the business in the coming quarters. The belief that the Company has sufficient liquidity may be incorrect as the impact of Covid-19 becomes clearer over the coming months and quarters. The Company does not anticipate any major capital expenditures in the near future. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, inflation has impacted the Company s profitability, as it has resulted in increased costs necessary to recruit and retain personnel. As the Company returns back to its pre-Covid marketing and trade show schedules, the higher costs of travel and meals will also have a negative impact on the Company s profitability. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to bad debts, intangible assets, and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of certain assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

33

Table of Contents 

We have identified below the accounting policies, related to what we believe are most critical to our business operations and are discussed throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company has elected the significant financing component practical expedient in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. In determining the transaction price, the Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component as the Company expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the entity transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less. 

Software product revenue is recognized when the product is delivered to the customer and the Company s performance obligation is fulfilled. 

Service revenue is recognized when the professional consulting, maintenance or other ancillary services are provided to the customer. Shipping and handling costs charged to customers are classified as revenue, and the shipping and handling costs incurred are included in cost of sales. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable consist primarily of invoices for maintenance and professional services. Full payment for software ordered by customers is primarily due in advance of ordering from the software supplier. Payments for maintenance and support plan renewals are due before the beginning of the maintenance period. Terms under our professional service agreements are generally 50 due in advance and the balance on completion of the services. 

The Company maintains an allowance for bad debt estimated by considering a number of factors, including the length of time the amounts are past due, the Company s previous loss history and the customer s current ability to pay its obligations. Accounts are written off against the allowance when deemed uncollectable. 

Unbilled Services 

The Company recognizes revenue on its professional services as those services are performed. Unbilled services represent the revenue recognized but not yet invoiced. 

Definite Lived Intangible Assets and Long-Lived Assets 

The values assigned to intangible assets were based on an independent valuation. Purchased intangible assets are amortized over the useful lives based on the estimate of the use of economic benefit of the asset using the straight-line amortization method. 

The Company assesses potential impairment of its intangible assets and other long-lived assets when there is evidence that recent events or changes in circumstances have made recovery of an asset s carrying value unlikely. Factors the Company considers important, which may cause impairment include, among others, significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired asset, negative industry or economic trends, and significant underperformance relative to historical or projected operating results. 

Business Combinations 

We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. This method requires the recording of acquired assets and assumed liabilities at their acquisition date fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Results of operations related to business combinations are included prospectively beginning with the date of acquisition and transaction costs related to business combinations are recorded within general and administrative expenses. 

34

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method described in FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes . Deferred tax assets arise from a variety of sources, the most significant being: a) tax losses that can be carried forward to be utilized against profits in future years; b) expenses recognized for financial reporting purposes but disallowed in the tax return until the associated cash flow occurs; and c) valuation changes of assets which need to be tax effected for book purposes but are deductible only when the valuation change is realized. 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as net operating loss carryforwards. Based on ASU 2015-17, all deferred tax assets or liabilities are classified as long-term. Valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates or laws is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company accounts for uncertainties in income taxes under ASC 740-10-50 which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC 740-10 requires that the Company determine whether the benefits of its tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained upon audit based on the technical merits of the tax position. The Company recognizes the impact of an uncertain income tax position taken on its income tax return at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. 

The Company has federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards which are subject to limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. Tax years 2019 to 2022 remain open to examination for both the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. 

Despite the Company s belief that its tax return positions are consistent with applicable tax laws, one or more positions may be challenged by taxing authorities. Settlement of any challenge can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. Interest and penalties related to income tax matters, if applicable, will be recognized as income tax expense. There were no liabilities for uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company did not incur any expense related to interest or penalties for income tax matters, and no such amounts were accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

During fiscal 2022, we did not engage in any material off-balance sheet activities or have any relationships or arrangements with unconsolidated entities established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities, nor do we have any commitment or intent to provide additional funding to any such entities. 

35

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our consolidated financial statements are contained in pages F-1 through F-28 which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There are no reportable events under this item for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure and Control Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s management evaluated, with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s management evaluated, with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This evaluation was conducted using the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Pursuant to the rules of the SEC, the Company s management s report on internal control over financial reporting is furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

36

Table of Contents 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding the Company's internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management s report on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits the Company to provide only the Company s management s report on internal control over financial reporting in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(c) Changes to Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

37

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table and biographical summaries set forth information, including principal occupation and business experience, about our directors and executive officers at February 27, 2023: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Officer and/or Director Since 

Mark Meller 

63 

Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

2003 

Joseph Macaluso 

71 

Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

Stanley Wunderlich 

75 

Director 

2011 

Kenneth Edwards 

64 

Director 

2021 

John Schachtel 

61 

Director 

2017 

Board Diversity Matrix 

The table below provides an enhanced disclosure regarding the diversity of the members of our Board of Directors. Each of the categories listed in the below table has the meaning as it is used in Nasdaq Rule 5605(f). 

Board Diversity Matrix (As of February 27, 2023) 

Board Size: 

Total Number of Directors 

4 

Male 

Female 

Non-Binary 

Gender Undisclosed 

Part I: Gender Identity 

Number of directors base on gender identity 

4 

Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 

1 

Asian 

Hispanic or Latinx 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 

3 

Two or More Race or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did not Disclose Demographic Background 

The following sets forth certain information about each of our directors and executive officers: 

Mark Meller, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director 

Mr. Mark Meller has been the President and Director of the Company since September 15, 2003 and was further appointed Chief Executive Officer on September 1, 2004. He became Chairman of the Board on May 10, 2009. Mr. Meller is currently the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. From September 2003 through January 2015, he was Chief Financial Officer of the Company. From October 2004 until February 2007, Mr. Meller was the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Deep Field Technologies, Inc. From December 15, 2004 until September 2009, Mr. Meller was the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of MM2 Group, Inc. From August 29, 2005 until August 2006, Mr. Meller was the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of iVoice Technology, Inc. From 1988 until 2003, Mr. Meller was Chief Executive Officer of Bristol Townsend and Co., Inc., a New Jersey based consulting firm providing merger and acquisition advisory services to middle market companies. From 1986 to 1988, Mr. Meller was Vice President of Corporate Finance and General Counsel of Crown Capital Group, Inc, a New Jersey based consulting firm providing advisory services for middle market leveraged buy-outs (LBO s). Prior to 1986, Mr. Meller was a financial consultant and practiced law in New York City. He is a member of the New York State Bar. 

38

Table of Contents 

Mr. Meller has a B.A. from the State University of New York at Binghamton and a J.D. from the Boston University School of Law. 

In evaluating Mr. Meller s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board, we took into account his experience in the industry and his knowledge of running and managing the Company. 

Joseph Macaluso, Chief Financial Officer 

Joseph Macaluso has over 30 years of experience in financial management. Mr. Macaluso has served as Chairman of the Audit Committee and a Director of the Company since 2015 before becoming its Chief Financial Officer on January 4, 2021. Mr. Macaluso has been the Principal Accounting Officer of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp., a developer and manufacturer of avionics test equipment for both the commercial and military markets since 2002. Previously, he had been involved in companies in the medical device and technology industries holding positions including Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Controller. 

Mr. Macaluso has a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Fairfield University. 

Stanley Wunderlich, Director 

Mr. Stanley Wunderlich has over 40 years of experience on Wall Street as a business owner and consultant. Mr. Wunderlich is a founding partner and has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Consulting for Strategic Growth 1, specializing in investor and media relations and the formation of capital for early-growth stage companies both domestic and international, from 2000 through the present. Since 1987, he has been the Chief Executive Officer of Consulting for Strategic Growth 1, Ltd. 

Mr. Wunderlich has a bachelor s degree from Brooklyn College. 

In evaluating Mr. Wunderlich s experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our Board, we took into account his experience in finance and investor relations. 

Kenneth Edwards, Director 

Mr. Edwards combines over 40 years of experience in the accounting and finance industry. Previously, he has been involved with a few certified public accounting firms as well as companies in various other industries holding positions including Partner, Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice-President of Finance. Ken currently serves as Chief Financial Officer of Edison Learning, Inc., an Education Management Company. Ken joined Edison Learning, Inc. in September 2017. From July 2016 to September 2017, he was Managing Director for CFO Strategies, LLC, a company involved in outsourced CFO and Controller services. From July 1981 to July 1993 and from October 2000 to June 2016, he was with several public accounting firms (Coopers Lybrand, BDO Seidman, Edwards Company and Cohn Reznick) in various roles until his retirement from Cohn Reznick as an Audit Partner in June 2016. During the period from July 1993 to July 1997, he served as Senior Vice President of Finance for Home State Holdings, Inc., an insurance holding company that focused on property and casualty insurance, and from July 1997 to September 2000 as Chief Financial Officer for Menu Direct, Inc. a specialty food manufacturer. Ken is currently a member of the Advisory Board of Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital, located at Somerset New Jersey. He previously served as a Director and Treasurer for the Urban League of Morris Country and as a Director and Chairperson for the Hope Chest Scholarship Foundation. He has an undergraduate accounting degree from Goshen College. 

The Board believes that Mr. Edwards extensive experience as a CPA makes him well-qualified to help guide the Audit Committee of the Board. The Board has determined that Mr. Edwards meets the current independence and experience requirements contained in the listing standards of The Nasdaq Capital Markets and is an audit committee financial expert as defined in Securities and Exchange Commission regulations. 

John Schachtel, Director 

On March 27, 2017, Mr. Schachtel was appointed to the Board. Since May 2017, Mr. Schachtel has been the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Regional Management Corp., one of the leading consumer finance installment loan companies in the United States. Prior to assuming his current position, Mr. Schachtel was the Chief Operating Officer of OneMain Financial Holdings, Inc. and served 11 years as the Executive Vice President, Northeast Midwest Division for OneMain Financial Holdings, Inc. 

Mr. Schachtel has a Bachelor of Science degree from Northwestern University and an MBA in Finance from New York University. 

39

Table of Contents 

In evaluating Mr. Schachtel s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to Board, we took into account his expertise in general management, finance, corporate governance and strategic planning, as well as his experience in operations and mergers and acquisitions. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Board Composition and Director Independence 

Our board of directors consists of four members: Mr. Mark Meller, Mr. Stanley Wunderlich, Mr. Kenneth Edwards, and Mr. John Schachtel. The directors will serve until our next annual meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The Company defines independent as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ listing standards. 

In making the determination of whether a member of the board is independent, our board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate family and the Company, including those reported under the caption Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions . The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that the directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its understanding of such relationships and transactions, our board affirmatively determined that Mr. Wunderlich, Mr. Edwards, and Mr. Schachtel have qualified as independent and that they have no material relationship with us that might interfere with his or her exercise of independent judgment. 

Board Committees 

The Audit Committee was established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Currently, the Audit Committee consists of Mr. Kenneth Edwards, Mr. Stanley Wunderlich and Mr. John Schachtel. Mr. Edwards, Chairman of the Audit Committee, may be deemed a financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a written charter (the Audit Committee Charter ), a current copy of which is publicly available on the investor relations portion of the Company s website at www.silversuntech.com. 

Currently, the Compensation Committee consists of Mr. Stanley Wunderlich and Mr. John Schachtel. Mr. Schachtel serves as Chairman. The Compensation Committee operates pursuant to a written charter, a current copy of which is publicly available on the investor relations portion of our website. 

Currently, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mr. Kenneth Edwards, Mr. Stanley Wunderlich and Mr. John Schachtel. Mr. Wunderlich serves as Chairman. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates pursuant to a written charter, a current copy of which is publicly available on the investor relations portion of our website. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). 

Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including those reports that we have filed on behalf of our directors and Section 16 officers, no director, Section 16 officer, beneficial owner of more than 10 of the outstanding common stock, or any other person subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, failed to file with the SEC on a timely basis during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for adherence by its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Controller to ensure honest and ethical conduct; full, fair and proper disclosure of financial information in the Company s periodic reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Any person may obtain a copy of our Code of Ethics by mailing a request to the Company at the address appearing on the front page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

40

Table of Contents 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Except as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Position(s) 

Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock 

			 Awards ) 

Option 

			 Awards ) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 

All Other 

			 Compensation ) 

Total 

			 Compensation ) 

Mark Meller 

2022 

1,026,650 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,026,650 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 

			 and Director 

2021 

936,238 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

936,238 

Joseph Macaluso, 

2022 

228,516 

45,150 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

273,666 

Chief Financial Officer (1) 

2021 

237,085 

37,347 

- 

89,062 

- 

- 

- 

363,494 

(1) 

On January 4, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board appointed Mr. Joseph Macaluso as Chief Financial Officer of the Company (the CFO Appointment ). Concurrently, Mr. Macaluso submitted his resignation from his positions as a member of the Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company 

41

Table of Contents 

Mark Meller, Chief Executive Officer 

The Company s Chief Executive Officer and President has had an Employment Agreement with the Company since September 15, 2003. On February 4, 2016 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement (the Meller Employment Agreement with Mark Meller, pursuant to which Mr. Meller will continue to serve as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. 

The Meller Employment Agreement was entered into by the Company and Mr. Meller primarily to extend the term of Mr. Meller s employment. The term of the Meller Employment Agreement runs through September of 2023 (the Term and shall automatically renew for additional periods of one year unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the employment agreement. The Company will pay Mr. Meller an annual salary of 565,000 per annum, with a ten percent (10 increase on September 1 and every anniversary of such date for the duration of the Term beginning September 15, 2003. On November 11, 2021, the Company and Mark Meller executed an amendment to Mr. Meller s employment agreement to extend his term of employment through September 14, 2028. Other than the foregoing extension, the terms of Mr. Meller s employment agreement remain unchanged. 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 

The Meller Employment Agreement provides for a severance payment to Mr. Meller of three hundred percent (300 ), less 100,000 of his gross income for services rendered to the Company in each of the five prior calendar years should his employment be terminated following a change in control (as defined in the Meller Employment Agreement). 

Joseph Macaluso, Chief Financial Officer 

In connection with the CFO Appointment, Mr. Macaluso entered into an offer letter (the Offer Letter with the Company. Pursuant to the Offer Letter, Mr. Macaluso is to receive a base salary at the annual rate of two hundred fifteen thousand dollars 215,000) and a one-time cash sign on bonus in the amount of thirty thousand dollars 30,000). Mr. Macaluso is eligible for a discretionary bonus of up to twenty percent (20 of the Annual Rate. Pursuant to the Offer Letter, Mr. Macaluso s employment with the Company is at-will and it may be terminated with or without cause. 

Grants of Plan-based Awards Table for Fiscal Year 2022 

There were no stock option grants for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Outstanding Plan-based Awards at December 31, 2022 

The following table sets forth the outstanding stock option grants held by named executive officers at the end of the 2022 fiscal year. The option exercise price set forth in the table is based on the closing market price on the date of grant. 

Name 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options(#) Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options(#) Unexercisable 

Option Exercise 

			 Price ) 

Option Expiration 

			 Date 

Joseph Macaluso 

4,185 

4,185 

6.53 

3/29/2026 

Joseph Macaluso 

11,630 

-0- 

5.90 

10/14/2026 

42

Table of Contents 

Director Compensation 

The following Director Compensation Table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022. 

Name 

Fees Earned 

			 or Paid in Cash 

			 ) 

Stock 

			 Awards 

			 ) 

Option 

			 Awards 

			 ) 

Non-Equity 

			 Incentive Plan 

			 Compensation 

			 ) 

Non-Qualified 

			 Deferred 

			 Compensation 

			 Earnings 

			 ) 

All Other 

			 Compensation 

			 ) 

Total 

			 ) 

Stanley Wunderlich 

12,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

12,000 

Ken Edwards 

20,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

20,000 

John Schachtel 

18,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

18,000 

We pay only our independent directors for their service on our board of directors. Mr. Wunderlich is paid 1,000 per month, payable quarterly for his service as a member of the board and as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Mr. Edwards was paid 1,667 per month, payable quarterly for his service as a member of the board and as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Schachtel is paid 1,500 per month, payable quarterly for his service as a member of the board and as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 

Director Agreements 

On July 26, 2011, we entered into a director agreement with Stanley Wunderlich, pursuant to which Mr. Wunderlich was appointed to the Board effective July 26, 2011. On August 3, 2011 the Company entered into an amended and restated director agreement (the Amended Agreement ). The term of the Amended Agreement is one year from August 3, 2011. The Amended Agreement may, at the option of the Board, be automatically renewed on such date that Mr. Wunderlich is re-elected to the Board. In connection with a recapitalization of the Company in 2012, Mr. Wunderlich and the Company agreed to amend the Amended Director Agreement to (i) change the Stipend to 1,000 per month, payable quarterly; (ii) to forego the issuance of any warrants due to Wunderlich under the Amended Agreement; and (iii) to cancel the future issuance of any warrants due to Mr. Wunderlich under the Amended Agreement. To date no warrants have been issued pursuant to this agreement. 

On March 27, 2017, we entered into a director agreement Schachtel Director Agreement with John Schachtel, pursuant to which Mr. Schachtel was appointed to the Board effective March 27, 2017 (the Effective Date ). The Schachtel Director Agreement may, at the option of the Board, be automatically renewed on such date that Mr. Schachtel is re-elected to the Board. Under the Schachtel Director Agreement, Mr. Schachtel is to be paid a stipend of one thousand five hundred dollars 1,500) (the Stipend per month, payable quarterly. Additionally, Mr. Schachtel shall receive warrants (the Warrants to purchase such number of shares of the Company s Common Stock, as shall equal (the Formula (A) 20,000 divided by (B) the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of grant of the Warrant. The exercise price of the Warrant shall be the closing price on the date of the grant of such Warrant (the Grant Date plus 0.01. The Warrant shall be fully vested upon receipt thereof (the Vesting Date ). 

On January 4, 2021, we entered into a director agreement Edwards Director Agreement with Kenneth Edwards, pursuant to which Mr. Edwards was appointed to the Board effective January 4, 2021 (the Effective Date ). The Edwards Director Agreement may, at the option of the Board, be automatically renewed on such date that Mr. Edwards is re-elected to the Board. Under the Edwards Director Agreement, Mr. Edwards is to be paid a stipend of 1,667 per month (the Stipend ). 

43

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of February 27, 2023 by (a) each stockholder who is known to us to own beneficially 5 or more of our outstanding Common Stock; (b) all directors; (c) our executive officers, and (d) all executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all persons listed below have (i) sole voting power and investment power with respect to their shares of Common Stock, except to the extent that authority is shared by spouses under applicable law, and (ii) record and beneficial ownership with respect to their shares of Common Stock. 

For purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of February 27, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our Common Stock held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of February, 26 2023 is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Unless otherwise identified, the address of our directors and officers is c/o SilverSun Technologies, Inc. at 120 Eagle Rock Ave, Suite 330, East Hanover, NJ 07936. 

Number of Shares of 

			 Common Stock 

			 Beneficially Owned 

Percentage of Ownership 

			 of Common Stock (1) 

Officers and Directors 

Mark Meller 

			 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman 

2,006,534 

(2) 

38.17 

Joseph Macaluso 

Chief Financial Officer 

15,815 

(3) 

Kenneth Edwards 

			 Director 

20,000 

(4) 

Stanley Wunderlich 

			 Director 

20,500 

(5) 

John Schachtel 

Director 

24,264 

(6) 

Officers and Directors as a Group 

2,087,113 

(7) 

39.14 

Beneficial Shareholders 

			 Bard Associates (8) 

408,549 

8.0 

denotes less than 1 

(1) 

Based on 5,256,177 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 26, 2023. Shares of Common Stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of the person holding such options or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of any other person. 

(2) 

Includes 800,000 shares owned by Sharieve Meller Family Trust, Sharieve is Mr. Meller s wife. Mr. Meller disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares. Also includes 800,000 shares owned by the Mark M. Meller Family Trust. Mr. Meller beneficially owns 406,534 shares. 

(3) 

Includes 15,815 shares subject to currently exercisable stock options owned by Mr. Macaluso. 

(4) 

Includes 20,000 shares subject to currently exercisable stock options owned by Mr. Edwards. 

(5) 

Includes 20,000 shares subject to currently exercisable stock options owned by Mr. Wunderlich. 

(6) 

Includes 20,000 shares subject to currently exercisable stock options owned by Mr. Schachtel. 

(7) 

			 (8) 

Includes 75,815 shares subject to currently exercisable stock options held by all executives and directors of the Company (including those individually named above). 

			 All information about Bard Associates, Inc. is based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023. 

44

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which our common shares are authorized for issuance, aggregated as follows: 

All compensation plans previously approved by security holders; and 

			 All compensation plans not previously approved by security holders 

Plan category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

158,420 

6.25 

1,056,670 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders. 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

158,420 

6.25 

1,056,670 

2019 Equity and Incentive Plan 

The Company adopted the 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan to order provide long-term incentives for employees and non-employees to contribute to the growth of the Company and attain specific performance goals. The 868,440 shares available under the 2019 Plan represent approximately 17 of the Company s 5,136,177 currently outstanding shares (the Share Reserve ). The Share Reserve will automatically increase on January 1st of each year, for a period of not more than ten years, commencing on January 1, 2020 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2029, in an amount equal to 180,030 shares (which is the equivalent of 4.0 of the 4,500,755 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2019). As of February 26, 2023, the Company has issued 158,420 options (see Note 9 to Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, certain long-term debt is considered a related party liability as holders, including Prairie Tech and PIT, are current employees of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances of this debt were 103,333 and 211,642, respectively. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following table sets forth fees billed to the Company by the Company s independent auditors for (i) services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and the review of the Company s quarterly financial statements, (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees, and (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance. 

Services 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

213,988 

147,077 

Audit - Related Fees 

61,773 

- 

Tax fees 

40,867 

35,896 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

316,628 

182,973 

Prior to engaging our accountants to perform a particular service, our Audit Committee obtains an estimate for the service to be performed. All the services described above were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its procedures. 

45

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

(a) 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

2.1 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 11, 2015, by and among SWK Technologies, Inc., 2000Soft, Inc. d/b/a Accounting Technology Resources and Karen Espinoza McGarrigle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2015). 

2.2 

Form of Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 6, 2015, by and among SWK Technologies, Inc., ProductiveTech, Inc. a New Jersey corporation John McPoyle and Kevin Snyder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 10, 2015). 

2.2 

Form of Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 18, 2018, by and among SWK Technologies, Inc., InfoSys Management, Inc. and three individuals (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2018). 

2.3 

Form of Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 18, 2018, by and among Secure Cloud Services, Inc., SilverSun Technologies, Inc., Nellnube, Inc. and Info Sys Management, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 on the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2018). 

2.4 
			 
			 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated August 26, 2019, by and among SilverSun Technologies, Inc. SWK Technologies, Inc., and SPS Commerce, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 27, 2019). 

2.5 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 29, 2022, by and among SilverSun Technologies, Inc., SilverSun Acquisition Corp., SilverSun Acquisition LLC and Rhodium Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022). 

3.1 

Second Amended Certificate of incorporation of SilverSun Technologies, Inc., filed September 5, 2003 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the registration statement on Form SB-2, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2003). 

3.2 

By-laws of iVoice, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 2003). 

3.3 

Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of incorporation of SilverSun Technologies, Inc., (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K, dated June 27, 2011, filed with the SEC on June 30, 2011). 

3.4 

Amendment to the Bylaws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 on Form 8-K, dated June 27, 2011, filed with the SEC on June 30, 2011). 

3.5 

Certificate of Elimination of Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K, dated September 13, 2019). 

4.1 

iVoice Acquisition 1, Inc. 5 Convertible Debenture due March 20, 2005 issued to Elma S. Foin (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the registration statement on Form SB-2, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2003). 

4.2 

iVoice Acquisition 1, Inc. 5 Convertible Debenture due March 20, 2005 issued to Darryl A. Moy (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the registration statement on Form SB-2, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2003). 

4.3 

iVoice Acquisition 1, Inc. 5 Convertible Debenture due March 20, 2005 issued to Henry Tyler (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the registration statement on Form SB-2, filed with the SEC on December 22, 2003). 

4.4 

SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 7.5 Secured Convertible Debenture, for a value of 600,000, due December 30, 2007 to YA Global (f/k/a/ Cornell Capital Partners, LP). 

4.5 

SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 7.5 Secured Convertible Debenture, for a value of 1,159,047, due December 30, 2007 to YA Global (f/k/a/ Cornell Capital Partners, LP). 

4.6 

Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Form 8-K, dated May 4, 2011, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2011). 

4.7 

Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Form 8-K, dated September 23, 2011, filed with the SEC on September 27, 2011). 

4.8 
			 
			 835,000 January 1, 2022 Promissory Note of SWK Technologies, Inc. issued to Dynamic Tech Services, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 

4.9 
			 
			 Description of Securities 

10.1 

Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between iVoice Acquisition 1, Inc. and Jerome Mahoney (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on November 25, 2003). 

10.2 

Employment Agreement, dated September 15, 2003, between SilverSun Technologies, Inc. and Mark Meller (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on November 25, 2003). 

46

Table of Contents 

10.3 

Equity Line of Credit Agreement dated January 24, 2003 between Cornell Capital Partners, LP, and iVoice Acquisition 1, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2003, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2003). 

10.4 

Registration Rights Agreement dated January 24, 2003 between Cornell Capital Partners, LP, and iVoice Acquisition 1, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2003, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2003). 

10.5 

Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 24, 2003 between iVoice Acquisition 1, Inc. and listed Buyers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2003, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2003). 

10.6 

Placement Agreement dated January 24, 2003 between iVoice Acquisition 1, Inc. and Cornell Capital Partners LP. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2003, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2003). 

10.7 

Termination Agreement dated December 30, 2005 between YA Global (f/k/a/ Cornell Capital Partners, LP). and SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

10.8 

Escrow Agreement dated December 30, 2005 between David Gonzalez, Esq. And SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

10.9 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 30, 2005 between YA Global (f/k/a/ Cornell Capital Partners, LP). and SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

10.10 

Investor Rights Agreement dated December 30, 2005 between YA Global (f/k/a/ Cornell Capital Partners, LP). and SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

10.11 

Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated December 30, 2005 between YA Global (f/k/a/ Cornell Capital Partners, LP). and SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

10.12 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 6, 2009 by and among SilverSun Technologies, SWK Technologies, Inc., Jeffrey D. Roth and Jerome R. Mahoney (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 10-K, dated May 9, 2009, filed with the SEC on May 26, 2009). 

10.13 

Termination Settlement Agreement dated May 6, 2009 by and among SilverSun Technologies, SWK Technologies, Inc., Jeffrey D. Roth and Jerome R. Mahoney (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 10-K, dated May 9, 2009, filed with the SEC on May 26, 2009). 

10.14 

Promissory notes, dated April 11, 2011 among SilverSun Technologies, Inc and accredited investors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K, dated April 11, 2011, filed with the SEC on April 15, 2011). 

10.15 

Form of Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2011). 

10.16 

Amended Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Stanley Wunderlich (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2011). 

10.17 

Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2011). 

10.18 

Loan and Security Agreement by and between the Company, its subsidiary SWK Technologies, Inc and a commercial lender (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2012). 

10.19 

Audit Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2012). 

10.20 

Form of Purchase Agreement, dated June 14, 2012, by and among SWK Technologies, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Neil Wolf, Esq., not individually, but solely in his capacity as Trustee-Assignee of the Trust Agreement and Assignment for the Benefit of the Creditors of Hightower, Inc., Hightower, Inc., and the Stockholders of Hightower, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 20, 2012). 

10.21 

Promissory Note, dated March 11, 2015, issued in favor of 2000Soft, Inc. d/b/a Accounting Technology Resources, a California corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2015). 

10.22 

Form of Promissory Note, dated July 6, 2015, issued in favor of ProductiveTech, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 10, 2015) 

10.23 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 4, 2016, between Mark Meller and Silversun Technologies, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016). 

10.24 

Form of 1,000,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated May 18, 2018, issued in favor of Info Sys Management, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2018). 

47

Table of Contents 

10.25 

Form of 400,000 Convertible Promissory Note, May 18, 2018, issued in favor of Info Sys Management, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2018). 

10.26 

Form of Employment Agreement, dated May 18, 2018 by and between SWK Technologies, Inc. and Brian James O Reilly (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2018). 

10.27 

Form of Escrow Agreement, dated August 26, 2019, by and among SWK Technologies, Inc., SPS Commerce, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 27, 2019) 

10.28 
			 
			 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 1, 2022 by and between SWK Technologies, Inc., and Dynamic Tech Services, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 

10.29 
			 
			 Consulting Agreement, dated January 1, 2022 by and between SWK Technologies, Inc., and Dynamic Tech Services, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2022). 

10.30 
			 
			 Form of Separation and Distribution Agreement by and among SilverSun Technologies, Inc. and SWK Technologies Holdings, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022). 

10.31 
			 
			 Voting and Support Agreement of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. dated September 29, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022). 

10.32 
			 
			 Voting and Support Agreement of Rhodium Enterprises, Inc. dated September 29, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022). 

14.1 

Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003). 

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.2 
			 
			 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herein. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herein. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herein. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herein. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

48

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Mark Meller 

Mark Meller 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: February 28, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Joseph Macaluso 

Joseph Macaluso 

Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Position 

Date 

/s / Mark Meller 

Principal Executive Officer 

February 28, 2023 

Mark Meller 

/s/ Stanley Wunderlich 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

Stanley Wunderlich 

/s/ Kenneth Edwards 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

Kenneth Edwards 

/s/ John Schachtel 

Director 

February 28, 2023 

John Schachtel 

/s/ Joseph Macaluso 

Principal Financial Officer 

February 28, 2023 

Joseph Macaluso 

49

Table of Contents 

PART F/S 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page (s) 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS (PCAOB ID: and 688) 	 	 	 F-2 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Balance Sheets 	 	 	 F-4 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Operations 	 	 	 F-5 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Stockholders Equity 	 	 	 F-6 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Cash Flows 	 	 	 F-7 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 	 	 	 F-9 	 	 

F-1

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue recognition 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue mainly from the resale of software products, maintenance, and professional consulting services. The Company enters into contracts with customers that may include combinations of products and services, which are generally distinct and recorded as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized when control of the distinct performance obligation is transferred. For example, product revenue is recognized at a point in time while maintenance and professional consulting services revenue is recognized over time. Auditing the Company s revenue recognition is a critical audit matter due to the effort required to analyze the high volume of transactions, significance of the total amounts recognized as revenue, and timing of when revenue is recognized. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition included, among others, selecting a sample of recorded revenue transactions and examining customer source documents for each selection, including the contract or agreement and invoices and payment support. In addition, we evaluated management s application of the Company s accounting policy, tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation of revenue and associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

February 28, 2023 

F-2

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue recognition 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue mainly from the resale of software products, maintenance, and professional consulting services. The Company enters into contracts with customers that may include combinations of products and services, which are generally distinct and recorded as separate performance obligations. Revenue is recognized when control of the distinct performance obligation is transferred. For example, product revenue is recognized at a point in time while maintenance and professional consulting services revenue is recognized over time. Auditing the Company s revenue recognition is a critical audit matter due to the effort required to analyze the high volume of transactions, significance of the total amounts recognized as revenue, and timing of when revenue is recognized. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition included, among others, selecting a sample of recorded revenue transactions and examining customer source documents for each selection, including the contract or agreement and invoices and payment support. In addition, we evaluated management s application of the Company s accounting policy, tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation of revenue and associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor from 2004 to 2022. 

Marlton, New Jersey 

March 29, 2022 

F-3

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 	 

Unbilled services 

Deferred charges 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Deposits and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Income taxes payable 

Long term debt current portion 

Long term debt related party - current portion 

Finance lease obligations current portion 

Operating lease liabilities current portion 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long term debt net of current portion 

Long term debt - related party - net of current portion 

- 

Finance lease obligations net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 13) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value; authorized shares 	 

Series A Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value; authorized shares 	 shares issued and outstanding 	 

Common stock, par value; authorized shares 	 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 	 and 2021, respectively 	 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Revenues: 

Software product, net 

Service, net 

Total revenues, net 

Cost of revenues: 

Product 

Service 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Share-based compensation expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense, net 

Gain on bargain purchase 

Gain on sale of product line 

Total other (expense) income, net 

(Loss) income before taxes 

Benefit (provision) for income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Series A 

			 Preferred 

			 Stock 

Series B 

			 Preferred 

			 Stock 

Common Stock 

			 Class A 

Additional 

			 Paid in 

Accumulated 

Total 

			 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cash dividend 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of legal expenses 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued in exchange for convertible debt 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock compensation issued for outside services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

			 provided by operating activities: 

Deferred income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of intangibles 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Bad debt provision (recovery) 

Share-based compensation 

Gain on sale of product line 

Gain on bargain purchase 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Unbilled services 

Deferred charges 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deposits and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Accrued interest 

Deferred revenues 

Operating lease obligations 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Acquisition of business 

Acquisition of assets 

Proceeds from sale of product line 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of cash dividend 

Proceeds from issuance of stock, net of expenses 

Payment of long-term debt 

Payment of long-term debt related party 

Payment of long-term convertible debt related party 

Payment of finance lease obligations 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental Schedule of Cash Flow Information: 

During the year, cash was paid for the following: 

Income taxes 

Interest 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

, of which was paid in cash in December 2021 and of which was paid through the issuance of a four-year promissory note dated January 1, 2022, paying interest at the rate of per annum (see Notes 6 and 10). 

, of which was paid in cash and of which was paid through the issuance of a three-year 75,000 promissory note dated January 22, 2022, paying interest at the rate of per annum. The Company also assumed of prepaid time as part of the consideration for this transaction. 

in financial lease obligations for purchases of equipment. 

in financial lease obligations for purchases of equipment. 

into shares of the Company s common stock. At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the outstanding balances on the ISM Note were -0- and respectively (see Note 6). 

into shares of the Company s common stock. At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the outstanding balances on the Nellnube Note were -0- and respectively (see Note 6). 

(the CTS Note ). The CTS Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. 

, customer deposits related to prepaid time from clients in the amount of , and the issuance of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the PSI Note ). The PSI Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. 

. 

. 

in financial lease obligations for purchases of equipment. 

in financial lease obligations for purchases of equipment. 

in financial lease obligations for purchases of equipment. 

F-8

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F-9

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

. 

F-10

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Revenue Recognition (Continued) 

Maintenance Revenue 

Software Revenue 

Ancillary Service Revenue 

in deferred maintenance, in deferred support services, and in deposits for future consulting services. As of December 31, 2021, there was in deferred maintenance, in deferred support services, and in deposits for future consulting services. 

Deferred charges represent expenses related to the merger (see Note 15) and will be charged against the proceeds when the merger is consummated. 

F-11

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

in excess of the federally insured limits of . 

and ), respectively, of total revenues. The Company does not rely on any one specific customer for any significant portion of its revenue base . 

and , respectively. 

of total accounts payable. For the year ended December 31, 2021 one supplier represented approximately of accounts payable. 

F-12

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

to . Maintenance and repairs that do not materially add to the value of the equipment nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. 

F-13

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

F-14

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Recent Authoritative Pronouncements 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share 

Diluted net loss per share computation: 

Net loss per above 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Incremental shares for convertible promissory note, 

			 warrants and stock options 

Total adjusted weighted-average shares 

Diluted net loss per share 

Warrants 

Total potential dilutive securities not included in loss per share 

F-15

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Equipment, furniture, and fixtures 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

and . 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

, of which was paid in cash and 835,000 of which was paid through the issuance of a four-year promissory note dated January 1, 2022, paying interest at the rate of per annum (see Note 10). 

cash and the issuance of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the NEO3 Note ). The NEO3 Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . The purchase price has been recorded as an intangible asset with an estimated life of . 

Intellectual property, customer list, and acquired contracts 

Total intangible assets 

Less: accumulated amortization 

F-16

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 5 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued) 

and , respectively, the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There was no impairment of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

thereafter 

Total 

Goodwill additions 

Goodwill deductions 

Goodwill, at end of year 

and a promissory note issued in the aggregate principal amount of (the ISM Note ). from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent (2 per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . The ISM Note has an optional conversion feature whereby the holder may, at its sole and exclusive option, elect to convert, at any time and from time to time, until payment in full of the ISM Note, all of the outstanding principal amount of the ISM Note, plus accrued interest, into shares (the Conversion Shares of the Company s Common Stock, Common Stock at per share price equal to , a price equal to the average closing price of its Common Stock for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the issuance date of the ISM Note (the Fixed Conversion Price ). In February 2021, ISM converted the outstanding balance of the ISM Note in the amount of into shares of the Company s common stock. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances on the ISM Note were - - and -0-, respectively. 

(the Nellnube Note ). from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent (2 per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . The Nellnube Note has an optional conversion feature whereby the holder may, at its sole and exclusive option, elect to convert, at any time and from time to time, all of the outstanding principal amount of the Nellnube Note, plus accrued interest, into shares (the Conversion Shares of the Company s Common Stock, Common Stock at per share price equal to (the Fixed Conversion Price ). In February 2021, Nellnube converted the outstanding balance of the Nellnube Note loan in the amount of into shares of the Company s common stock. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances on the Nellnube Note were -0- and -0-, respectively. 

and the issuance of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the PIT Note ). The PIT Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances of the loan were - - and , respectively. 

F-17

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 6 LONG-TERM AND RELATED PARTY DEBT (Continued) 

in cash and issued promissory notes to Prairie Tech Prairie Tech Note 1 , Prairie Tech Note 2 and Prairie Tech Note 3 ), each in the principal aggregate amount of (collectively the Prairie Tech Notes ). The Prairie Tech Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum. Prairie Tech Note 1 has a term of (1) and is subject to downward adjustment based on whether certain revenue milestones are achieved. In July 2021, the Company waived its rights to any downward adjustments on these notes, and agreed to pay the full face amount, plus interest, on those notes on the date of maturity. Prairie Tech Note 2 has a term of (2) and is also subject to downward adjustment based on whether certain revenue milestones are achieved. Prairie Tech Note 3 has a term of (3) and is not subject to a downward adjustment. On July 31, 2021, the Company paid Note 1 and accrued interest in the amount of . On August 4, 2022, the Company paid Note 2 and accrued interest in the amount of . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances on the PT Notes were and , respectively. 

, clients deposits related to technical support in the amount of , prepaid time from clients in the amount of , and the issuance of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the CMS Note for a total of . The CMS Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances on the CMS Note were and , respectively. 

(the BSS Note ). The BSS Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances on the BSS Note were and , respectively. 

(the CTS Note ). The CTS Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . At December 31,2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances on the CTS Note were and , respectively. 

, customer deposits related to prepaid time from clients in the amount of , and the issuance of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the PSI Note ). The PSI Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balances on the PSI Note were and , respectively. 

cash and the issuance of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the DTSI Note ). The DTSI Note bears interest at a rate of three and one-quarter percent per annum. The principal amount of the Note is subject to a downward adjustment in the event the Company loses any subscription renewal revenue during the one-year period immediately following the Effective Date from any persons that were customers of DTS immediately prior to the Effective Date (the DTS Customers ). Any such downward adjustment will be determined by calculating the percentage of loss of Acumatica subscription renewals during the one-year period immediately following the Effective Date from DTS Customers. 

F-18

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 6 LONG-TERM AND RELATED PARTY DEBT (Continued) 

(see Note 10). 

cash and the issuance of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the NEO3 Note ). The NEO3 Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . At December 31, 2022 the outstanding balance on the NEO3 Note was . 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively, of which and was classified as current portion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

Weighted average interest rates 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less amounts representing interest 

Present value of net minimum lease payments 

Less current portion 

Long-term capital lease obligation 

F-19

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

different locations and also has an equipment lease rental with monthly payments ranging from to which expire at various dates through April 2024. 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less: Difference between undiscounted lease payments and discounted lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Less current portion 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

as compared to for the year ended December 31, 2021. Rent expense paid with cash was for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

from time to time through the Sales Agent. Sales of the Company s common stock through the Sales Agent, if any, will be made by any method that is deemed an at the market offering as defined by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company will pay to the Sales Agent a commission rate equal to of the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares of common stock sold through the Sales Agent under the 2020 At Market Agreement. 

shares of Common Stock were issued and sold generating , excluding legal expenses. No shares remain eligible for sale under the 2020 At Market Agreement. 

F-20

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 9 EQUITY (Continued) 

from time to time through the Sales Agent. Sales of the Company s common stock through the Sales Agent, if any, will be made by any method that is deemed an at the market offering as defined by the SEC. The Company will pay to the Sales Agent a commission rate equal to of the gross proceeds from the sale of any shares of common stock sold through the Sales Agent under the 2021 At Market Agreement. 

shares of Common Stock were issued and sold generating , excluding legal expenses. In July 2021, an additional shares of Common Stock were issued and sold generating , net of legal expenses. 

shares generating , net of legal expenses. 

million of its outstanding common stock. Under this new stock repurchase program, the Company may repurchase shares in accordance with all applicable securities laws and regulations, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares, and the timing of such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of factors, including market conditions, regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations, as determined by the Company s management. The repurchase program may be extended, suspended or discontinued at any time. The Company expects to finance the program from existing cash resources. On November 5, 2021, the Board of Directors voted to increase the authorized amount of the buyback from 2 million to million. As of December 31, 2022, no repurchases have been made. 

shares of common stock in exchange for services. The market value of these shares was . 

special cash dividend per share of Common Stock to shareholders of record July 9, 2021. The dividend was paid on in the amount of . 

into shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 6). 

into shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 6). 

F-21

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 9 EQUITY (Continued) 

stock options were granted with an exercise price of per option and have a term with a two -year vesting period at per annum. The fair value of stock options granted was per option on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the assumptions in the below table. On October 14, 2021, shares were granted to directors and officers with an exercise price of per option and have a term and are vested at the date of grant. The fair value of stock options granted was per option on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the assumptions in the below table. 

October 14, 2021 

- 

- - 

Options granted 

Options canceled/forfeited 

Outstanding options at December 31, 2021 

years 	 

- - 

Options granted 

Options canceled/forfeited 

Outstanding options at December 31, 2022 

years 	 

- - 

Vested Options: 

December 31, 2022: 

years 	 

- - 

December 31, 2021: 

years 	 

- - 

and , respectively 

and , respectively. The remaining amount will be recognized over the next years. 

shares available for issuance under the Plan. 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. These warrants expired in March 2022. 

F-22

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(the CTS Note ). The CTS Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. Monthly payments including interest are . The purchase price has been allocated to customer list with an estimated life of . 

, customer deposits related to prepaid time from clients in the amount of , and the issuance of a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the PSI Note ). The PSI Note is due in months from the closing date and bears interest at a rate of two percent per annum. The allocation of the purchase price to customer list with an estimated life of which is deductible for tax purposes, has been based on an independent valuation. The valuation showed an increase of above the purchase price, which was recorded as a gain on bargain purchase in the consolidated statement of operations as the independent valuation exceeded the purchase price. 

, of which was paid in cash and of which was paid through the issuance of a four-year 835,000 promissory note dated January 1, 2022, paying interest at the rate of per annum. The principal amount of the Note is subject to a downward adjustment in the event the Company loses any subscription renewal revenue during the one-year period immediately following the Effective Date from any persons that were customers of DTS immediately prior to the Effective Date (the DTS Customers ). Any such downward adjustment will be determined by calculating the percentage of loss of Acumatica subscription renewals during the one-year period immediately following the Effective Date from DTS Customers. The Note will be amortized as follows: The first payment of principal and interest due under the Note, which will be an annual payment, is due and payable on January 1, 2023, after the revised principal amount of the Buyer Note is determined and thereafter, payments will be made quarterly in twelve equal installments. 

Note payable 

Total purchase price 

Customer list 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

Deferred revenue 

Net assets acquired 

F-23

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 10 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued) 

Cost of revenues 

Operating expenses, amortization and interest 

Other income 

Income before taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted income per common share 

of estimated amortization expense and of estimated interest expense included in the pro-forma results for CTS, of estimated amortization expense and of estimated interest expense included in the pro-forma results for PSI, and of estimated amortization expense and of estimated interest expense included in the pro-forma results for DTS. 

which represented twelve months of operations for CTI, PSI and DTS that were included in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. This consisted of approximately in revenues, in cost of revenues and in expenses. 

as of December 31, 2022, which is subject to limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. These carryforward losses are available to offset future taxable income and begin to expire in the year 2025 to 2033. 

F-24

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 11 INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Long lived assets 

Share based payments 

Accrued expenses 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Other 

Deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Long lived assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

based on the estimated tax rate. The Federal effective rate is higher than the statutory rate primarily due to Incentive Stock Options (ISO), which are not tax deductible. 

. 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Permanent items 

Gain on bargain purchase 

Return to provision for prior year 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

F-25

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 11 INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

State and local 

Total current tax (benefit) provision 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Total deferred tax (benefit) provision 

Total (benefit) provision 

and , respectively. 

. As of the renewal date, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Meller and annual salary of with a ten percent increase every year. . On November 5, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a five-year extension through September of 2028 of the employment agreement with Mark Meller, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President under the same terms and conditions. 

F-26

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 14 SALE OF PRODUCT LINE (Continued) 

in cash and entered into a Revenue Share Agreement RSA with SWK. Pursuant to the RSA, NAW agreed to pay to SWK, for limited periods of time ranging from 12 to 60 months, transitional compensation measured by reference to gross revenues or gross profits (as applicable) generated by NAW from its sales of products or services after the Effective Date to customers of the Business. In consideration for such transitional compensation, SWK agreed to assist NAW for a period of time after the Effective Date with such transitional services as may be reasonably requested by NAW and reasonably acceptable to SWK or otherwise required for the operation of the Business, including (a) implementing a smooth and orderly transfer of the Business and the Acquired Assets from SWK to NAW, (b) making introductions to customers of the Business as and when requested by NAW, (c) familiarizing NAW with the files of each of the customers as may be reasonably required, and (d) acclimating NAW to the Business. The specific products and services giving rise to transitional compensation payments under the RSA include (i) annual maintenance renewals by customers, (ii) software, cross-sell software and migration software sales to customers, (iii) consulting services performed for customers, (iv) annual managed services contracts sold to customers, (v) hosting contracts sold to customers, (vi) e-commerce projects sold to customers, and (vii) new customer referrals. 

million in cash and will retain equity in SilverSun upon consummation of the merger. 

F-27

Table of Contents 

SILVERSUN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 15 MERGER (Continued) 

, if the Merger Agreement is terminated by Rhodium pursuant to the unilateral termination provisions in favor Rhodium described above. 

, if the Merger Agreement is terminated by SilverSun pursuant to the unilateral termination provisions in favor of SilverSun described above. 

F-28

<EX-4.9>
 2
 ex_480366.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.9

ex_480366.htm 

Exhibit 4.9 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Set forth below is the description of each class of securities of Silversun Technologies, Inc. (the Company outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The following description summarizes the most important terms of these securities. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, copies of which have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference into the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. You should refer to our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law for a complete description. 

Common stock, par value 0.00001 per share (the Common Stock is the only class of our securities currently registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SSNT. 

Capitalization 

 Our authorized capital stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 2 shares are designated as Series A Preferred Stock. 

Common Stock 

Dividend Rights 

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our Common Stock may receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors (the Board ), in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our Board may determine. On June 21, 2021, the Company announced the payment of a 0.60 special cash dividend per share of Common Stock to shareholders of record July 9, 2021. The dividend was paid on July 16, 2021 in the amount of 3,081,706. The Company did not declare or pay any dividends in the year 2022. 

Voting Rights 

 Each stockholder is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held by such shareholder. 

No Preemptive or Similar Rights 

 Our Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

 Holders of common stock are entitled to dividends when, and if, declared by the Board out of funds legally available therefore; and then, only after all preferential dividends have been paid on any outstanding Preferred Stock. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

 Our transfer agent is Pacific Stock Transfer Company at 6725 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119. 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex_480464.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_480464.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

List of Subsidiaries 

SWK Technologies, Inc. 

Delaware 

100 Owned 

Secure Cloud Services, Inc. 

Nevada 

100 Owned 

Critical Cyber Defense Corp. 

Nevada 

100 Owned 

SilverSun Technology Holdings, Inc. 
			 Delaware 
			 100 Owned 

Rhodium Entreprises Acquisition Corp. 
			 Delaware 
			 100 Owned 

Rhodium Entreprises Acquisition LLC 
			 Delaware 
			 100 Owned 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex_480465.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_480465.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-249238) of our report dated February 28, 2023 with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 Marlton, New Jersey 

 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex_480466.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

ex_480466.htm 

Exhibit 23.2 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. on Form S-3 [FILE NO. 333-249238] and Form S-4 [FILE NO. 333-267934] of our report dated March 29, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021. We also consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Experts in the Prospectus, which is part these Registration Statements. We resigned as auditors on September 12, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements appearing in such Prospectus for the periods after the date of our resignation. 

/s/ Friedman llp 

Friedman llp 

 Marlton, New Jersey 

 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex_480468.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_480468.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mark Meller, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of SilverSun Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Mark Meller 

Mark Meller 

Principal Executive Officer 

			 SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex_480469.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_480469.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Joseph P. Macaluso, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of SilverSun Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Joseph P. Macaluso 

Joseph P. Macaluso 

Principal Financial Officer 

			 SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex_480470.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_480470.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Mark Meller, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Mark Meller 

Mark Meller 

Principal Executive Officer 

			 SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex_480471.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_480471.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of SilverSun Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Joseph P. Macaluso, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Joseph P. Macaluso 

Joseph P. Macaluso 

Principal Financial Officer 

			 SilverSun Technologies, Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ssnt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ssnt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ssnt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ssnt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ssnt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

