<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1560385_0001558370-23-002514.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31094196</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>680853</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3408304</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12077584</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5336136</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8732996</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002514.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301120048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002514
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Liberty Media Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001560385
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		IRS NUMBER:				371699499
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35707
		FILM NUMBER:		23691641

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12300 LIBERTY BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-875-5400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12300 LIBERTY BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Liberty Spinco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121015

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002514.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 lmca-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) State of (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

 Non-accelerated filer 

 Smaller reporting company 

 Emerging Growth Company 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non affiliates of Liberty Media Corporation computed by reference to the last sales price of such stock, as of the closing of trading on June 30, 2022, was approximately billion. The number of outstanding shares of Liberty Media Corporation s common stock as of January 31, 2023 was: Series A Series B Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock Liberty Braves common stock Liberty Formula One common stock Documents Incorporated by Reference The Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is hereby incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K Table of Contents Part I Page Item 1. Business I 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors I-28 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments I-71 Item 2. Properties I-71 Item 3. Legal Proceedings I-71 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures I-71 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities II 1 Item 6. [ Reserved ] II 3 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations II 4 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk II 30 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data II 31 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure II 31 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures II 31 Item 9B. Other Information II 31 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections II 31 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance III 1 Item 11. Executive Compensation III 1 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters III 1 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence III 1 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services III 1 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules IV 1 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary IV 5 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding business, product and marketing plans, strategies and initiatives; new service offerings; renewal of licenses and authorizations; revenue growth and subscriber trends at Sirius XM Holdings; our ownership interest in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. Sirius XM Holdings ); the recoverability of goodwill and other long-lived assets; the performance of our equity affiliates; projected sources and uses of cash; the payment of dividends by Sirius XM Holdings; the direct and indirect impacts of the coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 ); the anticipated non-material impact of certain contingent liabilities related to legal and tax proceedings; and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. In particular, statements under Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 2. Properties, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk contain forward-looking statements. Where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. The following include some but not all of the factors (as they relate to our consolidated subsidiaries and equity affiliates) that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated: The continuing global and regional economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other public health-related risks and events on our customers, our vendors and our businesses generally; our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms and cash in amounts sufficient to service debt and other financial obligations; our and our subsidiaries indebtedness could adversely affect operations and could limit the ability of our subsidiaries to react to changes in the economy or our industry; the success of businesses attributed to each of our tracking stock groups; our and Sirius XM Holdings ability to realize the benefits of acquisitions or other strategic investments; the impact of weak and uncertain economic conditions on consumer demand for products, services and events offered by our businesses attributed to each of our tracking stock groups; the outcome of pending or future litigation; the operational risks of our subsidiaries and business affiliates with operations outside of the United States U.S. ); our ability to use net operating loss, disallowed business interest and tax credit carryforwards to reduce future tax payments; the ability of our subsidiaries and business affiliates to comply with government regulations, including, without limitation, Federal Communications Commission FCC requirements, consumer protection laws and competition laws, and adverse outcomes from regulatory proceedings; the regulatory and competitive environment of the industries in which we, and the entities in which we have interests, operate; changes in the nature of key strategic relationships with partners, vendors and joint venturers; competition faced by Sirius XM Holdings; the ability of Sirius XM Holdings to attract and retain subscribers and listeners; the ability of Sirius XM Holdings to market its services and sell advertising; the ability of Sirius XM Holdings to maintain revenue growth from its advertising products; the ability of Sirius XM Holdings to protect the security of personal information about its customers; the interruption or failure of Sirius XM Holdings information technology and communication systems; the impact of the market for music rights on Sirius XM Holdings and the rates Sirius XM Holdings must pay for rights to use musical works; 
 I-1 

Table of Contents 
 the impact of supply chain issues on Sirius XM Holdings and the auto industry that it relies on; the impact of our equity method investment in Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. Live Nation on our net earnings and the net earnings of the Liberty SiriusXM Group; challenges by tax authorities in the jurisdictions where Formula 1 operates; changes in tax laws that affect Formula 1 and the Formula One Group; the ability of Formula 1 to expand into new markets; the relationship between the United Kingdom U.K. and the European Union E.U. following Brexit; the establishment of rival motorsports events or other circumstances that impact the competitive position of Formula 1; changes in consumer viewing habits and the emergence of new content distribution platforms; the impact of organized labor on the Braves Group; the impact of an expansion of Major League Baseball MLB ); the level of broadcasting revenue that Braves Holdings receives; the impact of the mixed-use development on the Braves Group and its ability to manage the project; the risks associated with the Company as a whole, even if a holder does not own shares of common stock of all of our groups; market confusion that results from misunderstandings about our capital structure; geopolitical incidents, accidents, terrorist acts, natural disasters, including the effects of climate change, or other events that cause one or more events to be cancelled or postponed, are not covered by insurance, or cause reputational damage to our subsidiaries and business affiliates; challenges related to assessing the future prospects of tracking stock groups based on past performance; our ability to recognize anticipated benefits from the proposed Split-Off and the Reclassification, each as defined below; the possibility that we may be unable to obtain stockholder approvals required for the Split-Off and/or the Reclassification; the possibility that our business may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the Split-Off and the Reclassification; and the possibility that the Split-Off and the Reclassification may have unexpected costs. 
 These forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Annual Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. When considering such forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the factors described in Item 1A, Risk Factors and other cautionary statements contained in this Annual Report. Such risk factors and statements describe circumstances that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. This Annual Report includes information concerning public companies in which we have controlling and non-controlling interests that file reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Information in this Annual Report concerning those companies has been derived from the reports and other information filed by them with the SEC. If you would like further information about these companies, the reports and other information they file with the SEC can be accessed on the Internet website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Those reports and other information are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 
 I-2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. Item 1. Business. General Development of Business Liberty Media Corporation Liberty , the Company , we , us and our owns interests in subsidiaries and other companies that are engaged in the media and entertainment industries primarily in North America and the U.K. Our principal businesses and assets include our consolidated subsidiaries Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1, Braves Holdings, LLC Braves Holdings and our equity affiliate Live Nation. During November 2015, Liberty s board of directors (the Board of Directors authorized management to pursue a reclassification of the Company s common stock into three new tracking stock groups, one to be designated as the Liberty Braves tracking stock, one to be designated as the Liberty Media tracking stock and one to be designated as the Liberty SiriusXM tracking stock (the Recapitalization ), and to cause to be distributed subscription rights related to the Liberty Braves tracking stock following the creation of the new tracking stocks. The Recapitalization was completed on April 15, 2016. The Liberty Media common stock was renamed the Liberty Formula One common stock in January 2017. A tracking stock is a type of common stock that the issuing company intends to reflect or track the economic performance of a particular business or group, rather than the economic performance of the company as a whole. While the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Liberty Braves Group (the Braves Group and Liberty Formula One Group (the Formula One Group have separate collections of businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to them, no group is a separate legal entity and therefore cannot own assets, issue securities or enter into legally binding agreements. Therefore, the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Braves Group and Formula One Group do not represent separate legal entities, but rather represent those businesses, assets and liabilities that have been attributed to each respective group. Holders of tracking stock have no direct claim to the group s stock or assets and therefore, do not own, by virtue of their ownership of a Liberty tracking stock, any equity or voting interest in a company, such as Sirius XM Holdings or Live Nation, in which Liberty holds an interest that is attributed to a Liberty tracking stock group, such as the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Holders of a tracking stock are also not represented by separate boards of directors. Instead, holders of a tracking stock are stockholders of the parent corporation, with a single board of directors and subject to all of the risks and liabilities of the parent corporation. On April 22, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the immediate reattribution of certain assets and liabilities between the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group (collectively, the reattribution ). The reattribution is reflected in the Company s financial statements on a prospective basis. The Liberty SiriusXM common stock is intended to track and reflect the separate economic performance of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, which, as of December 31, 2022, include Liberty s interests in Sirius XM Holdings and Live Nation, corporate cash, Liberty s 1.375 Cash Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 and related financial instruments, Liberty s 2.125 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048, Liberty s 2.75 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049, Liberty s 0.5 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 and margin loan obligations incurred by wholly-owned special purpose subsidiaries of Liberty. In April 2021, the Liberty SiriusXM Group paid approximately 384 million to the Formula One Group to settle the call spread with respect to the shares of Live Nation attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Sirius XM Holdings is the only operating subsidiary attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. In the event Sirius XM Holdings were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, Liberty s management would evaluate the circumstances at such time and take appropriate steps in the best interest of all of its stockholders, which may not be in the best interest of a particular group or groups when considered independently. In such a situation, Liberty s management and the Board of Directors would have several approaches at their disposal, including, but not limited to, the conversion of the Liberty SiriusXM common stock into another tracking stock of Liberty, the reattribution of assets and liabilities among Liberty s tracking stock groups or the restructuring of Liberty s tracking stocks to either create a new tracking stock structure or eliminate it altogether. The Liberty SiriusXM Group retains intergroup interests in the Braves Group and the Formula One Group as of December 31, 2022, as described below. 
 I-3 

Table of Contents 
 The Liberty Braves common stock is intended to track and reflect the separate economic performance of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Braves Group, which, as of December 31, 2022, include its subsidiary, Braves Holdings, which indirectly owns the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball Club ANLBC, the Braves, the club, or the team and certain assets and liabilities associated with the Braves stadium Truist Park or the Stadium and a mixed-use development around Truist Park that features retail office, hotel and entertainment opportunities (the Mixed-Use Development and cash. The Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Formula One Group retain intergroup interests in the Braves Group as of December 31, 2022, as described below. The Liberty Formula One common stock is intended to track and reflect the separate economic performance of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Formula One Group, which, as of December 31, 2022, include all of the businesses, assets and liabilities of Liberty other than those specifically attributed to the Braves Group or the Liberty SiriusXM Group, including Liberty s interest in Formula 1, cash, an intergroup interest in the Braves Group, Liberty s 1 Cash Convertible Notes due 2023 and Liberty s 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Formula One Group is 6,792,903, representing an 11.0 intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group is 1,811,066, representing a 2.9 intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Formula One Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group is 4,165,288, representing a 1.7 intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The intergroup interests will remain outstanding until the redemption of the outstanding interests, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, through a transfer of securities, cash and/or other assets from the Braves Group or Formula One Group to the respective tracking stock group. During November 2022, the Board of Directors authorized management of the Company to pursue a plan to redeem each outstanding share of its Liberty Braves common stock in exchange for one share of the corresponding series of common stock of a newly formed entity, Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. (the Split-Off ). Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. ABH will be comprised of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Braves Group. The intergroup interests in the Braves Group attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and Formula One Group remaining immediately prior to the Split-Off, however, will be settled and extinguished in connection with the Split-Off. Following the Split-Off, the Company intends to reclassify its then-outstanding shares of common stock into three new tracking stocks to be designated Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Formula One common stock and Liberty Live common stock, and, in connection therewith, provide for the attribution of the businesses, assets and liabilities of the Company s remaining tracking stock groups among its newly created Liberty SiriusXM Group, Formula One Group and Liberty Live Group (the Reclassification ). The Split-Off and the Reclassification will be subject to various conditions. Both transactions will be conditioned on, among other things, certain requisite approvals of the holders of the Company s common stock and the receipt of opinions of tax counsel. In addition, the Split-Off will be conditioned on the requisite approval of Major League Baseball and the receipt of an IRS ruling. Additionally, the Reclassification is dependent and conditioned on the approval and completion of the Split-Off, and will not be implemented unless the Split-Off is completed; however, the Split-Off is not dependent upon the approval of the Reclassification and may be implemented even if the Reclassification is not approved. Each of the Split-Off and the Reclassification is intended to be tax-free to stockholders of the Company. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions, the Company expects to complete the Split-Off and the Reclassification in the first half of 2023. As a result of COVID-19, the start of the 2020 Formula 1 race calendar, comprised of 17 Events, and the Major League Baseball season, comprised of 60 regular season games, were delayed until the beginning of July 2020 and end of July 2020, respectively. In addition, in mid-March 2020, Live Nation suspended all large-scale live entertainment events due to COVID-19. In 2021, the timing of baseball season and the number of regular season games played returned to normal, and limitations on fan attendance were lifted in May. Formula 1 held a record 22 Events in 2021. Restrictions on fan attendance at Formula 1 Events reduced as 2021 progressed. Starting in the third quarter of 2021, Live Nation had a meaningful restart of its operations with growth in ticket sales, new sponsor partners and the resumption of shows, primarily in the U.S. and U.K. In 2022, the Braves played a full regular season schedule and Formula 1 held 22 Events. 
 I-4 

Table of Contents 
 On January 26, 2021, Liberty Media Acquisition Corporation LMAC consummated its initial public offering of 57.5 million units , generating gross proceeds to LMAC of 575 million, which were placed in a U.S.-based trust account. During 2022, in light of market conditions, LMAC determined it was not feasible to complete an initial business combination in advance of the contractual termination date of January 26, 2023. On November 14, 2022, stockholders of LMAC approved an amendment to LMAC s certificate of incorporation which allowed LMAC to unwind and redeem all of its outstanding public shares prior to December 30, 2022. The redemption was completed during December 2022 and LMAC was subsequently dissolved. On November 3, 2021, pursuant to an exchange agreement with certain counterparties, Liberty acquired an aggregate of 43,658,800 shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock in exchange for the issuance by Liberty to the counterparties of an aggregate of 5,347,320 shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock. Following the closing of the exchange, Liberty and Sirius XM Holdings became members of the same consolidated federal income tax group. Description of Business The following table identifies our more significant subsidiaries and minority investments. Consolidated Subsidiaries Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq:SIRI) Formula 1 Braves Holdings, LLC Equity Method Investments Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:LYV) Sirius XM Holdings As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 82 of the outstanding equity interest in Sirius XM Holdings. Sirius XM Holdings operates two complementary audio entertainment businesses, Sirius XM and Pandora and Off-platform. Sirius XM Holdings continues to expand the range of choices for its listeners both in terms of compelling content and the array of ways in which it can be consumed. There are approximately 152 million vehicles in operation with Sirius XM radios, and the proliferation of smart speakers and other connected devices has increased the range of options consumers have for engaging with and consuming Sirius XM Holdings content. Sirius XM Holdings is also focused on rapidly growing content categories, such as its continued interest in podcasting. In 2022, an estimated 109 million Americans listened to a podcast at least monthly. Sirius XM Sirius XM features music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic and weather channels and other content, as well as podcasts and infotainment services, in the U.S. on a subscription basis. Sirius XM s premier content bundles include live, curated and certain exclusive and on demand programming. The Sirius XM service is distributed through its two proprietary satellite radio systems and streamed via the SXM App for mobile devices, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. Satellite radios are primarily distributed through automakers, retailers and its website. The Sirius XM service is also available through a user interface, called 360L, that combines Sirius XM s satellite and streaming services into a single, cohesive in-vehicle entertainment experience. Sirius XM s primary source of revenue is subscription fees, with most of its customers subscribing to monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual plans. Sirius XM also derives revenue from advertising on select non-music channels, direct sales of Sirius XM s satellite radios and accessories, and other ancillary services. As of December 31, 2022, Sirius XM had approximately 34.3 million subscribers. 
 I-5 

Table of Contents 
 In addition to Sirius XM s audio entertainment businesses, it provides connected vehicle services to several automakers. These services are designed to enhance the safety, security and driving experience of consumers. Sirius XM also offers a suite of data services that includes graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedules and scores and movie listings, a traffic information service that includes information as to road closings, traffic flow and incident data to consumers with compatible in-vehicle navigation systems, and real-time weather services in vehicles, boats and planes. Sirius XM also holds a 70 equity interest and 33 voting interest in Sirius XM Canada Holdings Inc. Sirius XM Canada ). Pandora and Off-platform The Pandora and Off-platform business operates a music, comedy and podcast streaming platform, offering a personalized experience for each listener wherever and whenever they want to listen, whether through mobile devices, car speakers or connected devices. Pandora enables listeners to create personalized stations and playlists, discover new content, hear artist- and expert-curated playlists, podcasts and select Sirius XM content as well as search and play songs and albums on-demand. Pandora is available as (1) an ad-supported radio service, (2) a radio subscription service (Pandora Plus) and (3) an on-demand subscription service (Pandora Premium). As of December 31, 2022, Pandora had approximately 6.2 million subscribers. The majority of revenue from the Pandora and Off-platform business is generated from advertising on Pandora s ad-supported radio service. Pandora also derives subscription revenue from its Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium subscribers. Pandora also sells advertising on other audio platforms and in widely distributed podcasts, which it considers to be off-platform services. The Sirius XM Business Programming. Sirius XM offers a dynamic programming lineup of commercial-free music plus sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, and news, including: an extensive selection of music genres, ranging from rock, pop and hip-hop to country, dance, jazz, Latin and classical; live play-by-play sports from major leagues and colleges; a multitude of talk, entertainment and comedy channels for a variety of audiences; a wide range of national, international and financial news; and exclusive limited run channels. 
 Sirius XM believes that its broad and diverse programming, including its lineup of exclusive content, is a significant differentiator from terrestrial radio and other audio entertainment providers. Sirius XM makes changes to its programming lineup from time to time as it strives to attract new subscribers and offer content which appeals to a broad range of audiences and to existing subscribers. The channel lineups for its services are available at siriusxm.com. The Sirius XM business aims to be a platform for diverse perspectives and facilitate dialogue on a broad set of issues. This is reflected across the content provided to listeners, which includes channels dedicated to diverse and historically underrepresented groups, as well as broader programming celebrating such events as Black History Month, Latinx and Hispanic Heritage Month, LGBTQIA+ Pride Month, and Women s History Month. Sirius XM continues to expand its offerings, including through its programming that represents diverse viewpoints, historically underserved audiences and original content of a type not typically available to consumers. 
 I-6 

Table of Contents 
 Streaming Service. Sirius XM s streaming service includes a variety of music and non-music channels, including channels and content that are not available on its satellite radio service, and podcasts. Consumers can access its streaming service on smartphones, tablets, computers, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. Sirius XM s streaming product currently features: the broad range of music, sports, talk, news and entertainment channels available on satellite radio; access to over 200 additional music channels, which it refers to as Xtra Music Channels; and video content, including video from The Howard Stern Show and performances and interviews from Sirius XM s archives, including in-studio performances and behind-the-scenes moments with artists, personalities and newsmakers. Sirius XM s service also includes a library of podcasts, some of which are exclusive to its service, and other on demand content. Sirius XM s streaming service is included as part of the vast majority of Sirius XM s packages, including the Music and Entertainment and Platinum plans. The Personalized Stations Powered by Pandora feature, which allows subscribers to create their own customized commercial-free music stations within the SXM App, is offered to consumers as part of the price of Sirius XM s Platinum and Platinum VIP plans. Sirius XM also offers its streaming service in several standalone packages, which do not include a satellite radio subscription. These packages, which include the Streaming Platinum Plan and the Streaming Music and Entertainment Plan, are available to consumers at various prices and include a variety of content. Sirius XM has entered into agreements with third parties designed to increase the distribution and ease of use of its streaming service, including through connected devices. Sirius XM also has arrangements with various services and consumer electronics manufacturers to include the Sirius XM streaming functionality with their service and devices. 360L. Sirius XM s next generation automotive platform, which it calls 360L, combines Sirius XM s satellite and streaming services into a single, cohesive in-vehicle entertainment experience. Sirius XM has agreements with many automakers to deploy its 360L interface in a variety of vehicles. In 2022, the 360L platform was included in approximately 110 vehicles models manufactured for sale in the U.S. Sirius XM expects that 360L will be included in a majority of vehicles that include Sirius XM functionality in the future. 360L allows Sirius XM to take advantage of advanced in-dash infotainment systems. 360L is intended to leverage the ubiquitous signal coverage and low delivery costs of Sirius XM s satellite infrastructure with the two-way communication capability of a wireless streaming service to provide consumers seamless access to Sirius XM s content, including Sirius XM s live channels, on demand service, podcasts and even more personalized music services. The wireless streaming connection included in 360L enables enhanced search and recommendations functions, making discovery of Sirius XM s content in the vehicle easier. 360L also provides Sirius XM data on how subscribers use Sirius XM s service. Distribution of Radios New Vehicles . Sirius XM distributes satellite radios through the sale and lease of new vehicles. Sirius XM has agreements with major automakers to offer satellite radios in their vehicles. Satellite radios are available as a factory -installed feature in substantially all vehicle makes sold in the U.S. Most automakers include a subscription to Sirius XM s service in the sale or lease of their new vehicles. In certain cases, Sirius XM receives subscription payments from automakers in advance of the activation of its service. Sirius XM shares with certain automakers a portion of the revenue it derives from subscribers using vehicles equipped to receive its service. Sirius XM also reimburses various automakers for certain costs associated with the satellite radios installed in new vehicles, including in certain cases hardware costs, engineering expenses and promotional and advertising expenses. Previously Owned Vehicles . Sirius XM also acquires subscribers through the sale and lease of previously owned vehicles with factory-installed satellite radios. Sirius XM has entered into agreements with many automakers to include a subscription to Sirius XM s service in the sale or lease of vehicles which include satellite radios sold through their certified pre-owned programs. Sirius XM also works directly with franchise and independent dealers on programs for non-certified used vehicles. Sirius XM has developed systems and methods to identify purchasers and lessees of previously owned 
 I-7 

Table of Contents 
 vehicles which include satellite radios and has established marketing plans to promote its services to these potential subscribers. Retail . Sirius XM sells satellite radios directly to consumers through its website. Satellite radios are also marketed and distributed through national, regional and online retailers, such as Amazon.com. Sirius XM s Satellite Radio Systems Sirius XM s satellite radio systems are designed to provide clear reception in most areas of the continental U.S. despite variations in terrain, buildings and other obstructions. Sirius XM continually monitors its infrastructure and regularly evaluates improvements in technology. Sirius XM s satellite radio systems have three principal components: satellites, terrestrial repeaters and other satellite facilities; studios; and radios. Satellites, Terrestrial Repeaters and Other Satellite Facilities Satellites . Sirius XM provides its service through a fleet of orbiting geostationary satellites. Two of these satellites, FM-5 and FM-6, transmit Sirius XM s service on frequencies originally licensed by the FCC to Sirius, and two of these satellites, XM-5 and SXM-8, transmit its service on frequencies originally licensed by the FCC to XM. The XM-3 and XM-4 satellites serve as spares for the XM system. On December 13, 2020, the SXM-7 satellite was successfully launched and in-orbit testing began on January 4, 2021. During in-orbit testing of SXM-7, events occurred which caused failures of certain SXM-7 payload units. The evaluation of SXM-7 concluded that the satellite would not function as intended. SXM-7 remains in-orbit at its assigned orbital location, but is not being used to provide satellite radio service. Sirius XM has entered into agreements for the design and construction of four additional satellites, SXM-9, SXM-10, SXM-11 and SXM-12. Sirius XM has also entered into agreements to launch two of those satellites. Construction of the SXM-9 and SXM-10 satellites is underway and those satellites are expected to be launched into geostationary orbits in 2024 and 2025, respectively. Construction of the SXM-11 and SXM-12 satellites is expected to begin shortly and those satellites are anticipated to be launched into geostationary orbits in 2026 and 2027, respectively. Satellite Insurance . Sirius XM has procured insurance for SXM-9, SXM-10, SXM-11 and SXM-12 to cover the risks associated with each satellite s launch and first year of in-orbit operation. Sirius XM does not have insurance policies covering its other in-orbit satellites, as Sirius XM considers the premium costs to be uneconomical relative to the risk of satellite failure. Terrestrial Repeaters . In some areas with high concentrations of tall buildings, such as urban centers, signals from Sirius XM s satellites may be blocked and reception of satellite signals can be adversely affected. In other areas with a high density of next generation wireless systems, Sirius XM s service may experience interference. In many of these areas, Sirius XM has deployed terrestrial repeaters to supplement and enhance its signal coverage and, in other areas, Sirius XM may deploy additional repeaters to mitigate interference. Sirius XM operates over 1,000 terrestrial repeaters across the U.S. as part of its systems. Other Satellite Facilities . Sirius XM controls and communicates with its satellites from facilities in North America. Its satellites are monitored, tracked and controlled by a third party satellite operator. Studios Sirius XM s programming originates from studios in New York City, Los Angeles, Miami and Washington, D.C., and, to a lesser extent, from smaller studios in Nashville and a variety of venues across the country. Sirius XM Holdings corporate headquarters is in New York City. Sirius XM provides equipment to artists and hosts to enable remote creation and transmission of programming. 
 I-8 

Table of Contents 
 Radios Sirius XM does not manufacture radios. Sirius XM has authorized manufacturers and distributors to produce and distribute radios, and has licensed its technology to various electronics manufacturers to develop, manufacture and distribute radios under certain brands. Sirius XM manages various aspects of the production of satellite radios. To facilitate the sale of radios, Sirius XM may subsidize a portion of the radio manufacturing costs to reduce the hardware price to consumers. Connected Vehicle Services Sirius XM provides connected vehicle services to several automakers. Sirius XM s connected vehicle services are designed to enhance the safety, security and driving experience for vehicle operators while providing marketing and operational benefits to automakers and their dealers. Sirius XM offers a portfolio of location-based services through two-way wireless connectivity, including safety, security, convenience, maintenance and data services, remote vehicle diagnostics and stolen or parked vehicle locator services. Subscribers to Sirius XM s connected vehicle services are not included in its subscriber count or subscriber-based operating metrics. Other Services Commercial Accounts. Sirius XM s wholly-owned subsidiary, Cloud Cover Media, Inc. Cloud Cover ), offers a music programming service for commercial establishments. Commercial subscription accounts are also available through Pandora for Business and SiriusXM for Business, each of which offers a licensed, commercial-free music service for offices, restaurants and other business establishments. Satellite Television Service . Certain of Sirius XM s music channels are offered as part of select programming packages on the DISH Network satellite television service. Travel Link. Sirius XM offers Travel Link, a suite of data services that includes graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedules and scores, and movie listings. Real Time Traffic Services. Sirius XM offers services that provide graphic information as to road closings, traffic flow and incident data to consumers with compatible in-vehicle navigation systems. Real Time Weather Services. Sirius XM offers real-time weather services in vehicles, boats and planes. Commercial subscribers to the Sirius XM programming service are included in Sirius XM s subscriber count. Commercial subscribers to the Cloud Cover music programming service are not included in Sirius XM s subscriber count. Subscribers to the DISH Network satellite television service are not included in Sirius XM s subscriber count and subscribers to Sirius XM s Travel Link, real-time traffic services and real-time weather services are not included in Sirius XM s subscriber count, unless the applicable service is purchased by the subscriber separately and not as part of a radio subscription to Sirius XM s service. Sirius XM Canada Sirius XM holds a 70 equity interest and 33 voting interest in Sirius XM Canada, with the remainder of Sirius XM Canada s voting and equity interests held by two shareholders. In 2022, Sirius XM and Sirius XM Canada entered into an amended and restated services and distribution agreement which modified the existing Services Agreement and terminated the existing Advisory Agreement between Sirius XM and Sirius XM Canada. Pursuant to the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, the fee payable by Sirius XM Canada to Sirius XM was modified from a fixed percentage of revenue to a variable fee, based on a target operating profit for Sirius XM Canada. Such variable fee is expected to be evaluated annually based on comparable companies. In accordance with the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, the fee is payable on a monthly basis, in arrears, beginning January 1, 2022. 
 I-9 

Table of Contents 
 In May 2017, Sirius XM extended a loan to Sirius XM Canada in the principal amount of 131 million. In connection with the execution of the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, Sirius XM forgave 113 million in principal amount of such loan to Sirius XM Canada, leaving an outstanding principal amount of 8 million on such loan. The principal amount that was forgiven by Sirius XM was considered satisfied and as contributed capital from Sirius XM. As of December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Canada had approximately 2.6 million subscribers. Sirius XM Canada s subscribers are not included in Sirius XM s subscriber count or subscriber-based operating metrics. The Pandora and Off-platform Business Pandora Media, LLC, which owns and operates the Pandora business, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sirius XM Holdings. Streaming Radio and On-Demand Music Services Pandora offers a personalized audio entertainment platform for each listener. Users are able to create personalized stations and playlists and search and play songs and albums on-demand. The Pandora service utilizes content programming algorithms, data collected from listeners, and attributes of the music to predict user music preferences, play content suited to the tastes of each listener, and introduce each listener to music consistent with the consumer's preferences. The Pandora service is available on iOS and Android mobile devices, web browsers and other internet connected devices. The Pandora application is free to download and use. The Pandora service is also available in vehicles in the U.S. with smartphone connectivity. Certain automakers now provide embedded streaming connectivity that supports and makes available the Pandora service in vehicles without the need for smartphone connectivity. In addition, the Pandora service is integrated into consumer electronic, voice-based devices and smart speakers. The Pandora service is available as an ad-supported radio service, a radio subscription service (Pandora Plus), or an on-demand subscription service (Pandora Premium). Local and national advertisers deliver targeted messages to Pandora s listeners on the ad-supported service. Ad-Supported Radio Service Pandora offers an ad-supported radio service which allows listeners to access its catalog of music, comedy, live streams and podcasts through personalized stations. This service is free across all platforms and generates stations specific to each listener. Each listener can personalize their stations by adding variety to the content. Listeners of the ad-supported service are provided with the option to temporarily access on-demand listening, including certain features of the Pandora Premium service. Pandora refers to this temporary access as Premium Access. Subscription Radio Service (Pandora Plus) Pandora offers Pandora Plus - an ad-free, subscription version of the radio service that includes options for replaying songs, skipping songs, offline listening and higher quality audio on supported devices. Content provided to each listener of Pandora Plus is more tailored when the listener interacts with the platform. Premium Access is also available to Pandora Plus listeners. On-Demand Subscription Service (Pandora Premium) Pandora offers Pandora Premium - an on-demand subscription service that combines the radio features of Pandora Plus with an on-demand experience. The on-demand experience provides listeners with the ability to search, play and collect songs and albums, download content for offline listening, build playlists, listen to curated playlists and share playlists on social networks. Listeners can also create partial playlists that Pandora can complete based on the listener s 
 I-10 

Table of Contents 
 activity. Listeners through mobile devices have access to customized profiles which identify information specific to each listener such as recent favorites, playlists and thumbs. Pandora Premium incorporates social networking features including a centralized stream where listeners can view the music that their social connections are experiencing and provide and receive recommendations for songs, albums and playlists. Pandora Premium also includes a share feature where consumers can share their stations, songs, albums, podcasts or playlists through social media, messaging applications and email. SXM Media SXM Media is a combined sales group, spanning its Sirius XM, Pandora, and Stitcher audio entertainment platforms and services. SXM Media has a reach of more than 150 million listeners, and gives brands, creators, and publishers access to the largest digital audio advertising platform in North America. SXM Media also serves as the exclusive advertising representative for other third party platforms and podcasters, including such major entities as SoundCloud Holdings, LLC and NBCUniversal. SXM Media is the exclusive advertising sales representative for the Sirius XM, Pandora and Stitcher platforms. In addition to subscription fees, Sirius XM derives revenue from advertising on select non-music channels. Pandora s primary source of revenue is the sale of audio, display and video advertising for connected device platforms, including computers and mobile devices. Pandora maintains a portfolio of proprietary advertising technologies which include order management, advertising serving and timing, native advertising formats, targeting and reporting. Pandora provides advertisers with the ability to target and connect with listeners based on various criteria including age, gender, geographic location and content preferences. Stitcher Stitcher licenses original podcasts from their creators and operates content networks. Stitcher also provides podcast advertising services that generate revenue from over 430 shows and offers a mobile app listening platform where consumers can stream the latest in news, sports, talk, and entertainment on demand. Stitcher creates and distributes original podcasts licensed from third parties through platforms such as its Stitcher App and the iPhone podcast App. Stitcher earns revenue by distributing advertising on certain owned and operated podcasts as well as those created by third parties, including placement based on an advertiser s desired target audience, and from the sale of advertising on its licensed podcasts and podcasts offered within the Stitcher App. In addition to advertising revenue, Stitcher earns subscription revenue from its Stitcher Premium subscription service. Users pay a monthly or annual fee for access on Stitcher Premium to premium content and ad-free archived podcast episodes. AdsWizz, Inc. AdsWizz Through its AdsWizz subsidiary, Pandora is a leader in digital audio advertising technology. AdsWizz operates a digital audio advertising market with an end-to-end technology platform, including a digital audio software suite of solutions that connect audio publishers to the advertising community. AdsWizz offers a range of products from dynamic ad insertion to advanced programmatic platforms to innovative new audio formats. AdsWizz s advertising technology also includes ad campaign monitoring tools and other audio advertising products, such as audio formats that enable consumers to trigger an action while listening to an ad as well as other personalization-based technology. AdsWizz s technology is employed by Pandora in its ad-supported business as well as by third party customers. AdsWizz s third party customers include well-known music platforms, podcasts and broadcasting groups worldwide. 
 I-11 

Table of Contents 
 Simplecast Pandora, through its Simplecast business, also offers a podcast management and analytics platform. Simplecast complements AdsWizz s advertising technology platform, offering podcasters a solution for management, hosting, analytics and advertising sales. Copyrights to Programming In connection with its businesses, Sirius XM Holdings must enter into royalty arrangements with two sets of rights holders: holders of musical compositions copyrights (that is, the music and lyrics) and holders of sound recordings copyrights (that is, the actual recording of a work). Sirius XM and Pandora use both statutory and direct music licenses as part of their businesses. Sirius XM Holdings licenses varying rights - such as performance and mechanical rights - for use in its Sirius XM and Pandora businesses based on the various radio and interactive services they offer. Set forth below is a brief overview of the music composition and sound recording licenses employed by Sirius XM and Pandora. These music licensing arrangements are complex and the description below is only a summary of these complicated licensing schemes. Musical Compositions: Performance Rights and Mechanical Rights The holders of performance rights in musical compositions, generally songwriters and music publishers, are represented by performing rights organizations such as the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers ASCAP ), Broadcast Music, Inc. BMI ), SESAC, Inc. SESAC and Global Music Rights LLC GMR ). These organizations negotiate fees with copyright users, collect royalties and distribute them to the rights holders. The holders of the mechanical rights in musical compositions, generally songwriters and music publishers, have traditionally licensed these rights through the statutory license set forth in Section 115 of the U.S. Copyright Act (the Copyright Act ); however, mechanical rights can also be licensed directly. The changing market for musical compositions may have an adverse effect on the Sirius XM and Pandora businesses, including increasing costs and limiting the musical works available to them. Sirius XM has arrangements with ASCAP, BMI, SESAC and GMR to license the musical compositions it performs on its satellite radio and streaming services. Sirius XM does not require a mechanical license. Pandora has arrangements with ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, GMR and a variety of other copyright owners to license the musical compositions performance rights used on Pandora s services. For the Pandora ad-supported radio service, certain copyright holders receive, as a performance royalty, their usage-based and ownership-based share of a royalty pool equal to 21.5 of the content acquisition costs that Pandora pays for sound recordings on its ad-supported service and others receive a fixed fee. Pandora must also license reproduction rights or mechanical rights to offer the interactive features of the Pandora services. For the Pandora subscription services, copyright holders receive payments for these rights at the rates determined in accordance with the statutory license set forth in Section 115 of the Copyright Act. In January 2018, the Copyright Royalty Board (the CRB set a rate structure for the five-year period commencing January 1, 2018 and ending on December 31, 2022 Phono III ). The rate was the greater of 15.1 of revenue or 26.2 of record label payments in 2022, with each rate prong increasing from slightly lower percentages in years prior to 2022. In July 2022, after the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated the CRB s initial rate determination, the CRB issued a new ruling that retained the first prong from its initial determination (with rates increasing up to 15.1 of revenue in 2022), but revised the second rate prong downward, from 26.2 to 21 of record label payments for each year from 2018-2022. Music publishers have challenged that downward adjustment, and a decision from the CRB on that challenge is expected to be issued in 2023. Following that decision, Pandora will make retroactive adjustments to its 2018-2022 payments to the extent that the new, final rates differ from those under which its previous payments were made. 
 I-12 

Table of Contents 
 In September 2022, in a CRB proceeding to determine mechanical royalty rates under Section 115 for the five-year period commencing January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2027 Phono IV ), the participating music publishers and digital music services, including Pandora, reached a settlement. That settlement set the rates at the greater of 15.1 of revenue or 26.2 of record label payments for 2023, rising over the five-year period to 15.35 of revenue or 26.2 of record label payments by 2027. That settlement was adopted by the CRB on December 30, 2022, as became effective on January 1, 2023. Sound Recordings Operators of a non-interactive satellite radio or streaming service are entitled to license sound recordings under the statutory license contained in Section 114 of the Copyright Act (the statutory license ). Under the statutory license, Sirius XM Holdings may negotiate royalty arrangements with the owners of sound recordings or, if negotiation is unsuccessful, the royalty rate is established by the CRB. Sound recording rights holders, typically large record companies, are primarily represented by SoundExchange, Inc. SoundExchange ), an organization which negotiates licenses and collects and distributes royalties on behalf of record companies and performing artists. Interactive streaming services, such as Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium, do not qualify for the statutory license and those services must negotiate direct license arrangements with the owners of copyrights in sound recordings. Sirius XM Business. For the ten-year period commencing January 1, 2018 and ending on December 31, 2027, the CRB set the royalty rate payable by Sirius XM under the statutory license covering the performance of sound recordings over Sirius XM s satellite radio service, and the making of ephemeral (server) copies in support of such performances, to be 15.5 of gross revenue, subject to exclusions and adjustments. The revenue subject to royalty includes subscription revenue from Sirius XM s U.S. satellite digital audio radio subscribers, and advertising revenue from channels other than those channels that make only incidental performances of sound recordings. The rates and terms permit Sirius XM to reduce the payment due each month for those sound recordings directly licensed from copyright owners and exclude from revenue certain other items, such as royalties paid to Sirius XM for intellectual property, sales and use taxes, bad debt expense and generally revenue attributable to areas of Sirius XM s business that do not involve the use of copyrighted sound recordings. In 2022, Sirius XM paid a per performance rate for the streaming of certain sound recordings of 0.0028 on its Sirius XM streaming service which increased from 0.0026 in 2021. Pandora Business. Pandora has entered into direct license agreements with major and independent music labels and distributors for a significant majority of the sound recordings that stream on the Pandora ad-supported service, Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium. For sound recordings that Pandora streams and for which it has not entered into a direct license agreement with the sound recording rights holders, the sound recordings are streamed pursuant to the statutory license, and applicable rates thereunder, set by the CRB. Sound recordings subject to the statutory license can only be played through Pandora s radio services and not through services that are offered on-demand or offline or through any replay features. The royalty rates under many of those direct licenses, which cover a large majority of the sound recordings that Sirius XM Holdings performs on Pandora, are indexed to the statutory rates established by the CRB. Prior to the enactment of the Orrin G. Hatch-Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization Act in October 2018, Pandora s rights to perform certain sound recordings that were fixed before February 15, 1972 were governed by state law. Pandora still faces a class action lawsuit brought by plaintiffs who allege that Pandora violated their alleged exclusive copyright ownership rights to the reproduction of sound recordings created prior to February 15, 1972. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on this action. Trademarks Sirius XM has registered, and intends to maintain, the trademarks Sirius , XM , SiriusXM and SXM with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in connection with the services it offers. Sirius XM is not aware of any material 
 I-13 

Table of Contents 
 claims of infringement or other challenges to its right to use the Sirius , XM , SiriusXM or SXM trademarks in the U.S. Sirius XM also has registered, and intends to maintain, trademarks for the names of certain of its channels. Sirius XM has also registered the trademarks Sirius , XM and SiriusXM in Canada. Sirius XM has granted a license to use certain of its trademarks in Canada to Sirius XM Canada. Pandora has registered, and intends to maintain, the trademarks Pandora, Ampcast and Music Genome Project, in addition to a number of other Pandora logos and marks, with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in connection with the services it offers. Pandora also has registered the trademark Pandora in Australia, Canada, Chile, the European Union, India, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Switzerland, Taiwan and other countries, and the trademark Music Genome Project in Australia, Canada, China and New Zealand. Formula 1 Formula 1 holds the exclusive commercial rights with respect to the FIA Formula One World Championship (the World Championship ), an annual, approximately nine-month long, motor race-based competition in which teams (the Teams compete for the Constructors Championship and drivers compete for the Drivers Championship. The World Championship, which has been held every year since 1950 and takes place on high profile iconic circuits, is a global series with a varying number of events Events taking place in different countries around the world each season. The 2022 World Championship calendar was originally scheduled to have 23 Events. However, following the cancellation of the Russian Grand Prix, 22 Events took place in 20 countries across Europe, Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and North and South America. The 2021 World Championship calendar was originally scheduled to have 23 Events. However, after a number of Events were cancelled and/or replaced due to the COVID-19 pandemic, 22 Events took place in 20 countries across Europe, the Middle East and North and South America. The 2020 World Championship calendar was originally scheduled to have 22 Events. However, the start of the season was postponed until early July, with certain Events being cancelled, certain new Events being added and others rescheduled at later dates, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The revised 2020 World Championship calendar was comprised of 17 Events in 12 countries across Europe and the Middle East. In 2022, the World Championship was followed by hundreds of millions of television viewers in approximately 200 territories and a number of Formula 1 s Events had record attendance, with crowd and hospitality numbers well above pre-COVID-19 levels. Restrictions on fan attendance due to the COVID-19 pandemic reduced as 2021 progressed, with all Events in the second half of the year operating at either full capacity or with fewer restrictions than had been applied at Events in the first half of the year. Fans were prohibited from attending all but three Events during 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, with significant limitations on fan attendance at these Events. Formula 1 is responsible for the commercial exploitation and development of the World Championship, in the course of which it coordinates and transacts with the F d ration Internationale de l Automobile FIA ), the governing body and regulator of world motor sport, the Teams, the race promoters that stage Events, various media organizations worldwide, as well as advertisers and sponsors. Formula 1 also performs activities related to critical components of the World Championship, including filming and providing technical support at Events, production of the international television feed and logistics related to the transport of its and the Teams equipment, ensuring high quality and reducing delivery risk around the World Championship. Additionally, Formula 1, pursuant to other agreements with the FIA, holds the exclusive right to promote and commercially exploit F2 and F3 through 2041. Formula 1 also generates revenue from a variety of other sources, including the operation of the Formula 1 Paddock Club hospitality program (the Paddock Club ), freight, logistical and travel related services for the Teams and other third parties, the F2 and F3 race series, which run principally as support races during Event weekends, various television production and post-production activities, digital and social media activities and revenue from other licensing of the commercial rights associated with the Formula 1 brand. Formula 1 recognizes the majority of its revenue and expenses in connection with Events that take place in different countries around the world, generally between March and December each year. As a result, the revenue and expenses recognized by Formula 1 are generally lower during the first quarter as compared to the rest of the quarters throughout the year. However, due to the delayed start of the 2020 Formula 1 race calendar, with the first Event not taking 
 I-14 

Table of Contents 
 place until July 2020, the revenue and expenses recognized by Formula 1 were significantly lower during the first and second quarters of 2020 as compared to the third and fourth quarters. The seasonality of Formula 1 s revenue and expenses was more normal in 2022 and 2021. Primary Revenue Formula 1 derives its primary revenue from the commercial exploitation and development of the World Championship through a combination of entering into race promotion, media rights and sponsorship arrangements. A significant majority of the race promotion, media rights and sponsorship contracts specify payments in advance and annual increases in the fees payable over the course of the contracts. Race Promotion. Race promotion revenue comprised 28.6 , 30.6 , and 13.0 of Formula 1 s total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Formula 1 grants to race promoters the rights to host, stage and promote each Event pursuant to contracts that typically have an initial term of three to seven years. For established Events, the duration of subsequent renewals is more variable according to local market conditions. These contracts may allow for flat fees over the term, but more typically they include annual fee escalators over the life of the contract, which are typically based on annual movement in a selected consumer price index or fixed percentages of up to 5 per year. Race promotion revenue was significantly lower in 2020 as a result of the reduced calendar and one-time revised fee arrangements, as most Events were closed to fans, generating very different economics for the promoters. Race promoters are generally circuit owners, local and national automobile clubs, special event organizers or governmental bodies. Race promoters generate revenue from ticket sales and sometimes from concessions, secondary hospitality offerings (other than the Paddock Club), local sponsorship opportunities and on-site activations. Tickets are sold by the promoters for the entire Event weekend or individual days. Media Rights. Media rights revenue comprised 36.4 , 40.3 and 58.5 of Formula 1 s total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The variation in the 2020 percentage is due to a number of factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the significant decrease in race promotion revenue, as described above. Certain fee relief arrangements were made with broadcasting partners due to the COVID-19 pandemic resulting in fewer Events within a shorter period of time than anticipated. Formula 1 licenses rights to broadcast Events on television and other media platforms in specified countries or regions and in specified languages. These may also include rights to broadcast the race, practice and qualifying sessions, interactive television/digital services, repeat broadcasts and highlights. Contracts with broadcasters, which we refer to as television rights agreements TRAs ), typically have a term of three to five years. While annual fees from broadcasters may stay constant, they often increase each year during the term of the TRA by varying amounts. Formula 1 s media rights revenue is primarily generated from: (a) free-to-air television broadcasts, which are received by the end user without charge (other than any television license fee), and non-premium cable, satellite and other broadcasts, which are received as part of a subscriber s basic package (together, free-to-air television ); (b) premium and pay-per-view cable and satellite broadcasts, where the subscriber pays a premium fee to receive programming on a package or per-event basis pay television and (c) subscription revenue from Formula 1 s own direct-to-consumer over-the-top broadcast product F1TV. In 2022, Formula 1 had 12 free-to-air television agreements, 16 pay television agreements and 30 agreements, including multi-territory agreements, covering both free-to-air and pay television. Formula 1 s key broadcasters include Sky (pay television) in the U.K., Sky Deutschland (pay television) in Germany, Sky Italia (pay television) in Italy, Movistar and DAZN (pay television) in Spain, ESPN (pay television) in Pan Latin America, Canal+ (pay television) in France, Bandeirantes (free-to-air and pay television) in Brazil, Viaplay (free-to-air and pay television) in Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Netherlands and Viaplay (pay television) in Iceland, Estonia, Lithuania and Lativa, ESPN and ESPN Deportes (pay television) in the U.S., Fox Sports (pay television) in Pan Asia (until the end of September 2021, replaced by three free-to-air and pay television agreements and seven pay television agreements across the region) and MBC and SSC (free-to-air and pay television) in the Middle East and North Africa. Sponsorship. Sponsorship revenue comprised 16.9 , 15.7 and 18.3 of Formula 1 s total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Formula 1 sells Event-based sponsorship in the form of trackside advertising and race title sponsorship packages. In addition, sponsors can acquire status as a Global Partner of Formula 1 and/or Official Supplier to Formula 1. These advertiser and sponsor contracts typically have a term of three to five years 
 I-15 

Table of Contents 
 (but may on occasion be of longer duration). Payments often increase each year based on a fixed amount, a fixed percentage or in accordance with the U.S. or European consumer price index or another agreed metric. Sponsorship revenue was significantly lower in 2020 as a result of certain Events not taking place and revised fee arrangements, as rights under certain contracts could not be fully serviced due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Other Revenue The remainder of Formula 1 s revenue is typically generated from a variety of other sources including facilitating the shipment of cars and equipment to and from events outside of Europe, revenue from the sale of tickets to the Formula One Paddock Club at most Events, support races at Events, various television production activities and other ancillary operations. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the majority of these operations were significantly reduced in 2020, and others could not be operated. FIA and the Teams Formula 1 s business is built on a number of key relationships those with the FIA, the Teams and Formula 1 s principal commercial partners. See Key Commercial Agreements below for more information about Formula 1 s relationships with the FIA and the Teams. FIA The FIA is the governing body for world motor sport and as such, is solely responsible for regulating the sporting, technical and safety aspects of the World Championship, including race circuits to be used by race promotors, through the FIA s F1 Commission and World Motor Sport Council. The FIA regulates all international motor sports, with the World Championship being the most prominent. The FIA owns the World Championship and has granted Formula 1 the exclusive commercial rights to the World Championship until the end of 2110 under the 100-Year Agreements (described below). In addition, the FIA, through its World Motor Sport Council, approves the calendar for the World Championship each year based on the agreed race promotor contracts for the coming season. Under the 100-Year Agreements, Formula 1 is only permitted to enter into race promotion contracts that are substantially in the form agreed between Formula 1 and the FIA. Teams The Teams are the participants in the World Championship and its Events, competing for the annual Constructors Championship, and their drivers compete for the annual Drivers Championship. There were 10 Teams competing in the 2022 World Championship. To be eligible to compete, a Team is responsible for the design and manufacturing of certain key parts of its cars, including the chassis. Currently, the Teams are supplied race engines by one of Ferrari, Mercedes, Renault or Red Bull Powertrains, with Audi committing to become an engine supplier beginning in the 2026 season. Under the terms of the 2021 Concorde Agreement (described below), Teams are entitled to receive significant team payments from a Formula 1 prize fund (the Prize Fund based primarily on their results in prior years Constructors Championships. Formula 1 has no direct or indirect ownership interest in any Team, nor does it have any contractual arrangements with the drivers, who are all employed or contracted directly by the Teams. Each Team is responsible for securing its own drivers and funding the costs of competing in the World Championship. They receive Prize Fund payments from Formula 1, as well as sponsorship and advertising revenue from their own partners. The 2021 Concorde Agreement between Formula 1, the FIA and the Teams define the terms of the Team s participation in the World Championship (for further detail, see Key Commercial Agreements Concorde Agreement below.) Drivers One of the distinctive features of the World Championship is the celebrity and diversity of its drivers. Differences in nationalities, temperaments and racing styles form part of the attractive mosaic of Formula 1. The success of a local driver also impacts the television viewership and revenue generated from that country or region. High profile drivers from the U.K. (Hamilton), the Netherlands (Verstappen), Germany (Vettel) and Spain (Alonso) have helped grow and sustain the Formula 1 business in those countries. For this reason, Formula 1 encourages the development of drivers from other 
 I-16 

Table of Contents 
 strategic markets. F2 and F3 provide the training ground and stepping stones to Formula 1 for these drivers. All drivers are employed or contracted by the Teams and have no contractual relationship with Formula 1. Key Commercial Agreements 100-Year Agreements Under the 100-Year Agreements entered into by Formula 1 and the FIA in 2001, Formula 1 was granted an exclusive license with respect to all of the commercial rights to the World Championship, including its trademarks. This license, which took effect on January 1, 2011 and expires on December 31, 2110, maintains Formula 1 s exclusive commercial rights to the World Championship which Formula 1 held under previous agreements with the FIA. The 100-Year Agreements also provide that Formula 1 may appoint a representative to the FIA, subject to the FIA s approval, and that person will be a member of the FIA s F1 Commission and World Motor Sport Council. The FIA may terminate the 100-Year Agreements and Formula 1 s exclusive license upon a change of control of Formula 1, unless either the FIA previously approved the transaction or the transaction falls within one of a number of exceptions. Formula 1 obtained the FIA s approval of its acquisition by Liberty in January 2017 under the 100-Year Agreements. In addition, the FIA may terminate Formula 1 s license if (i) certain Delta Topco Limited Delta Topco subsidiaries party to the 100-Year Agreements become insolvent; (ii) Formula 1 fails to pay an amount due to the FIA and such non-payment is not cured within 30 days of FIA s demand for payment; (iii) arbitrators declare that Formula 1 materially breached the 100-Year Agreements and Formula 1 has not paid to the FIA certain penalties to cure such breach; or (iv) Formula 1 changes or removes certain of the FIA s rights without its prior consent. Concorde Agreement From 1981 until 2012, successive Concorde Agreements governed the relationship between Formula 1, the FIA and the Teams, including the regulation of the World Championship. After the then-current Concorde Agreement expired on December 31, 2012, Formula 1 entered into a separate binding bilateral agreement with each Team (the Team Agreements ), securing the relevant Team s commitment to continue participating in the World Championship until December 31, 2020. In addition, Formula 1 entered into the 2013 Concorde Implementation Agreement with the FIA in 2013. The 2013 Concorde Implementation Agreement, in addition to making certain modifications to the 100-Year Agreements for the period to end 2030, provides that the FIA agrees to provide certain sporting governance arrangements and regulatory safeguards for the benefit of the Teams, to enter into a new Concorde Agreement for a term of eight years (from 2013 to 2020) reflecting those sporting governance arrangements and regulatory safeguards and to enter into a subsequent Concorde Agreement from 2021 to 2030 or to extend the sporting governance arrangements or regulatory safeguards agreed under the 2013 Concorde Implementation Agreement on substantially the same terms from 2021 to 2030. The Team Agreements and the 2013 Concorde Implementation Agreement together provided, until December 31, 2020, the contractual framework for the World Championship that was previously set out in the Concorde Agreements. In August 2020, Formula 1, the FIA and the Teams entered into the 2021 Concorde Agreement, securing the commitment of the Teams to continue participating in the World Championship from January 1, 2021 until December 31, 2025, and governing the relationship between the parties during that period. The 2021 Concorde Agreement is made up of two separate documents: (a) the 2021 Concorde Commercial Agreement between Formula 1 and each of the Teams; and (b) the 2021 Concorde Governance Agreement between Formula 1, the FIA and each of the Teams. The 2021 Concorde Agreement provides, among other things, for the participation of the Teams in the World Championship during the term of that agreement, and provides for Formula 1 to make certain Prize Fund payments to the Teams based on their performance in the Constructors Championship and other principles (such as success and heritage in Formula 1). 
 I-17 

Table of Contents 
 Key Provisions As discussed above, the 2021 Concorde Agreement establishes a Prize Fund, establishes procedures for setting the World Championship calendar, and provides for certain termination rights. The 2021 Concorde Agreement establishes rules for the determination of the Prize Fund to be paid to the Teams, which is calculated with reference to certain percentages of Formula 1 s Prize Fund Adjusted EBIT (defined by Formula 1 as operating profit adjusted to exclude certain specific, and largely non-cash items). A share of the Prize Fund is paid to Ferrari in recognition of its heritage, with the remainder paid to Teams based on their results in prior Constructors Championships (a significant majority of which is based on their position in the prior year s World Championship). Under the 2021 Concorde Agreement, the consent of 70 of the Teams is required if there are more than 24 Events in a season or if there are fewer than eight Events across Europe and North America combined. The 2021 Concorde Agreement may be terminated with respect to a Team if the Team fails to participate in more than three Events in a season, fails to submit a valid entry for participation in the World Championship or becomes insolvent. Teams may terminate their rights and obligations pursuant to the 2021 Concorde Agreement by giving one full season s written notice to Formula 1, as well as under certain other circumstances, including: Formula 1 is unable to pay its debts when they become due; Formula 1 fails for three months to pay an aggregate amount due in excess of 10 million to the Team; or Upon the occurrence of specified compliance violations or sanctions-related events. 
 Circuit Rights Agreements Under circuit rights agreements (the Circuit Rights Agreements ), Formula 1 acquires from race promoters certain rights to commercially exploit at the Events, including the rights to sell trackside advertising and title sponsorship, the right to sell Paddock Club hospitality (other than at three Events) and commercial use of the name of the Event and circuit. In a few cases a cash payment is made for the grant of these circuit rights and in others Formula 1 offers a commission or share of revenue to a race promoter where they have been instrumental in introducing a new sponsor from its territory that purchases a title sponsorship or trackside advertising. Circuit Rights Agreements typically have a term that is tied to the relevant race promoter contract. Intellectual Property Formula 1 is the registered owner of a portfolio of trademark registrations and applications, including for the F1 logo, the World Championship logo (which is used only in sporting contexts), Formula One , Formula 1 , F1 and Grand Prix when used in connection with any of the aforementioned and most of the official Event titles where they are capable of registration. Formula 1 owns the copyright on footage of each Event since 1981 as well as footage related to a large number of pre-1981 Events. Ownership of this copyright enables Formula 1 to license that footage to broadcasters and to take legal action against infringers of that copyright. Under the 2021 Concorde Agreement, Formula 1 also has the exclusive right, subject to limited exceptions, to use each Team s intellectual property rights (including image rights) to portray the World Championship and/or any Event in any visual form. Licenses and Permits Formula 1 is required to obtain permits for the allocation and use of radio frequencies which are necessary for the operation of live camera and other equipment used in the production of live television images and also in live radio communications used by Formula 1, the FIA, the Teams (including car to pit radio transmissions) and the emergency services. Such radio frequency permits are obtained by a dedicated unit in the television production team, with assistance from the local race promoter. Typically, such radio frequency permits are obtained from the relevant governmental authority responsible for licensing the use of radio frequencies in the host country of the relevant Event. The requirements and procedures for obtaining such permits vary by country and they may involve the completion of written formalities or 
 I-18 

Table of Contents 
 the inspection by the relevant governmental authority of all equipment to be operated with a radio frequency. Permits are typically issued subject to conditions, which Formula 1 has generally been able to satisfy. Strategy Formula 1 s goal is to further broaden and increase the global scale and appeal of the World Championship in order to improve the overall value of Formula 1 as a sport and its financial performance. Key factors of this strategy include: continuing to seek and identify opportunities to expand and develop the Event calendar and bring Events to attractive and/or strategically important new markets outside of Europe, which typically have higher race promotion fees, while continuing to build on the foundation of the sport in Europe; developing sponsorship revenue, including increasing sales of Event-based packages and under the Global Partner program, and exploring opportunities in underexploited product categories; capturing opportunities created by media s evolution, including the growth of social media and the development of Formula 1 s digital media assets; building up the entertainment experience for fans and engaging with new fans on a global basis to further drive race attendance and television viewership; improving the on-track competitive balance of the World Championship and the long term financial stability of the participating Teams; and improving the environmental sustainability of Formula One and its related activities, targeting a net zero carbon footprint by 2030 and sustainable race events by 2025, and building on Formula 1 s initiatives to fight inequality and improve the diversity and opportunity in Formula 1 at all levels. 
 Braves Holdings, LLC Braves Holdings (collectively with its subsidiaries) is the indirect owner and operator of the MLB club, the Braves, certain assets and liabilities associated with Truist Park and the Mixed-Use Development. Business Operations Braves Holdings derives revenue related to the Braves baseball franchise and Truist Park from ticket sales, concessions, local broadcasting rights, advertising sponsorships, suites and premium seat fees, retail and licensing revenue, shared MLB revenue streams, including national broadcasting rights and licensing, and other sources. In addition, Braves Holdings derives revenue from office and retail rental income (including overage rent and tenant reimbursements) and parking and advertising sponsorships at the Mixed-Use Development. Baseball revenue is seasonal, with the majority of revenue historically recognized during the second and third quarters, which aligns with a normal baseball regular season, consisting of 162 games. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 regular season was played entirely during the third quarter and consisted of only 60 games, all without fans in attendance. The 2020 minor league season was cancelled. The Mixed-Use Development was also affected due to the impacts of these restrictions on retail as well as restaurants, which had initially been limited to take-out and/or delivery service. Baseball revenue was significantly lower in 2020 as a result of fewer games, but improved significantly in 2021, with the return to a full regular season in each of 2021 and 2022 and the Braves success in the 2021 postseason as World Series Champions. Ticket Sales. The Braves offer single game tickets, group tickets and various full and partial season ticket packages. The per-ticket average price of 2022 full-season ticket packages ranged from 8 to 535, depending upon the seating area. The Braves utilize a variable and dynamic pricing strategy to manage differences in demand and to help drive attendance and eliminate the perceived difference in value for certain games, which is often exploited in the secondary 
 I-19 

Table of Contents 
 market. The majority of Braves tickets are distributed as mobile tickets, which allows the Braves to track important data, put parameters on resales and provide convenience and security to consumers. Concessions . The Braves offer food and beverages during all games held at Truist Park. In addition, the Braves generate revenue from catering in suites and premium areas within the Stadium. Television and Radio Broadcasting. Braves Holdings derives substantial revenue from the sale of local broadcasting rights to the Braves baseball games. Each MLB Club has the right to authorize the television broadcast within its MLB-defined home television territory of games in which it participates, subject to certain exceptions. The Braves have a long-term local television broadcasting agreement with Sportsouth Network II, LLC, the owner and operator of the Bally Sport South and Bally Sports Southeast video programming services (formerly known as Fox Sports South and Fox Sports Southeast, respectively). Nationally, the Braves participate in the revenue generated from the national television, digital and radio broadcasting arrangements negotiated by MLB on behalf of the 30 MLB Clubs with ESPN, TBS, Fox, Sirius XM Holdings, Apple, YouTube and NBC/Peacock (the National Broadcast Rights ). Under the MLB Rules and Regulations, as defined below, the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball (the BOC has the authority, acting as the agent on behalf of all of the MLB Clubs, to enter into and administer contracts for the sale of certain National Broadcast Rights. Each MLB Club also has the right to authorize radio broadcasts, within the U.S. (or Canada, in the case of the Toronto Blue Jays), of its games, subject to certain restrictions. The Braves also have the largest radio affiliate network in MLB, with approximately 170 local radio station affiliates broadcasting Braves games across the Southeast. Advertising Sponsorship. The Braves work with a variety of corporate sponsors to facilitate advertising, marketing and promotional opportunities at Truist Park, the Mixed-Use Development and throughout the Braves home marketing territory. Advertising space is available in the Mixed-Use Development and throughout the ballpark, including on the main scoreboard, outfield walls behind home plate and in programs sold at each game. The Braves also enter into long-term licensing agreements for use of various suites, premium seating and hospitality spaces. The Braves marketing department works closely with the Braves sponsors to offer marketing opportunities, including contests, sweepstakes and additional entertainment and promotional opportunities during Braves home games, and the Braves allow their name and logo to be used in connection with certain local promotional activities throughout their home marketing territory. The Braves work closely with local television broadcasters and have a cross-promotional sponsorship and marketing agreement with Bally Sports South and Bally Sports Southeast. Team Player Personnel. Under the CBA and the MLB Rules and Regulations, both defined below, each team is permitted to have 40 players under reserve to the MLB Club, but is allowed to maintain only 26 players on its active roster (subject to limited exceptions) from the Opening Day of the season through August 31 of each year and the postseason. During the remainder of the season, each team may keep 28 players on its active roster. The Braves roster reflects the team s commitment to developing and securing talented young players, driving future on-field success. The Braves compete with other MLB Clubs for a limited pool of player personnel and seek to assemble a roster of players with the depth and breadth the Braves believe will allow it to field a competitive team. The Braves generally enter into player contracts with terms of one or more years and may also assume an existing player contract as part of a player trade. Contract terms are required to adhere to certain league requirements as discussed below under MLB Rules and Regulations but are otherwise subject to market and other conditions. The Braves generally expect the majority of its roster to be composed of players with contract terms of fewer than six years. From time to time, the Braves may seek to enter into long-term contracts in order to secure talented players and reduce player turnover, however, its ability to do so may be impacted by a variety of financial and non-financial factors, including how appealing it is for a player to make a long-term commitment to the Braves. Player Development. Starting with the 2021 season, a new player development system was put in place by MLB comprised of 11 Professional Development Leagues. MLB Professional Development Leagues, LLC ("MLB PDL") is responsible for the administration of the new system and has player development license agreements with 120 minor league clubs that compete in the Professional Development Leagues and are affiliated with MLB Clubs, including the Braves. MLB PDL is also responsible for enforcing the terms of each player development license agreement, including standards for facility quality and player working conditions. Each MLB Club, including the Braves, is affiliated with four 
 I-20 

Table of Contents 
 Professional Development League clubs located in the U.S. and Canada. The three minor league clubs owned by Braves Holdings during the 2021 season, the Gwinnett Stripers, Mississippi Braves and Rome Braves, entered into player development license agreements with MLB PDL. Braves Holdings sold the three minor league clubs in January 2022. Each club will remain affiliated with the Braves under the terms of the license agreement, which has a 10 year term. The Augusta GreenJackets are the fourth Professional Development League club affiliated with the Braves. The Braves historically operated a baseball academy in the Dominican Republic and participated in the Dominican Summer League. The Braves did not fully operate the baseball academy during the 2021 season, but recommenced operations for the 2022 season. Dominican players, and players from other Latin American countries, are an important source of talent for the Braves and other MLB Clubs, but these players may not participate in the first-year amateur draft process (which is limited to only residents of the U.S., U.S. territories, and Canada, including international players who are enrolled in a high school or college in such locations). However, the Braves may enter into contracts with Latin American players, subject to the rules and regulations contained in the CBA, as defined below, and the Major League Baseball Players Association (the MLBPA ). Facilities Truist Park. Effective for the 2017 season, the Braves relocated to a new ballpark in Cobb County, Georgia. Braves Holdings (or its affiliates) has exclusive operating rights to the facility via a 30-year Stadium Operating Agreement with Cobb County and the Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority (the Authority ). In 2014, Braves Holdings, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, purchased 82 acres of land for the purpose of constructing a MLB facility and development of a mixed-use complex adjacent to the ballpark. The total cost of the ballpark was approximately 722 million, of which approximately 392 million was funded by a combination of Cobb County, the Cumberland Improvement District and the Authority and approximately 330 million was funded by Braves Holdings. Funding for ballpark initiatives by Braves Holdings has come from cash on hand and various debt instruments, as detailed in note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We believe Truist Park is an industry-leading sports complex spanning approximately 1,100,000 square feet, with 41,200 seats, including 30 suites and 4,200 premium seats, multiple hospitality clubs and retail merchandise venues. The Stadium also features concessions and restaurant spaces, administrative offices for team operations, sales and marketing, as well as a ticket office, team clubhouse and training rooms. CoolToday Park. In March 2019, the Braves relocated to a new spring training facility in North Port, Florida. The park is also the playing facility of the FCL Braves, the Complex League affiliate of the Braves. The Braves have exclusive operating rights to the facility via a 30-year Facility Operating Agreement with Sarasota County. The Braves operate and maintain an 8,200 capacity stadium and clubhouse facilities for major and minor league players and staff, six practice fields, a half-sized field, agility field and batting cages. The park also features an academy for housing players, coaches and staff throughout the year. The academy opened in February 2020 and includes dining, meeting and auditorium spaces. Mixed-Use Development The Mixed-Use Development, also known as the Battery Atlanta, is an approximately 2.25 million square-foot area located around Truist Park. Phase I of the Mixed-Use Development was completed in 2017 and includes an Omni Hotel, Comcast s Southeast office headquarters and The Coca-Cola Roxy Theater, an entertainment venue operated through a lease with Live Nation. Phase II was completed in stages throughout 2020 and 2021 and includes TK Elevator s North American headquarters, Papa John s International, Inc. s headquarters, an Aloft Hotel, a specialty market and a cinema. Phase III, consisting of a 250,000-square-foot office building immediately behind Truist Park and approximately 300 feet from home plate, commenced construction in the second half of 2022. Truist Securities announced that it will relocate its national headquarters and occupy approximately half of the building, expected to open in 2024. 
 I-21 

Table of Contents 
 MLB Rules and Regulations As a condition to maintaining its MLB membership, each MLB Club must comply with the rules and regulations adopted by MLB, as well as a series of other agreements and arrangements that govern the operation and management of a MLB Club (collectively, the MLB Rules and Regulations ). Collective Bargaining Agreement . On March 10, 2022, the MLBPA and the MLB Clubs entered into a Memorandum of Understanding that summarized a tentative agreement on a new collective bargaining agreement commencing with the 2022 season (the CBA ). The CBA covers the 2022-2026 MLB seasons. The CBA provides for an expanded playoff schedule, an increase to the previous competitive balance tax threshold on MLB Club payrolls, an annual increase in the minimum player salary each year beginning in 2022 and other provisions impacting Braves Holdings operations and its relationships with members of the MLBPA. Additionally, it contains provisions surrounding revenue sharing among the MLB Clubs. Player Contracts and Salaries. The CBA requires each MLB Club to sign Major League players using the Uniform Player s Contract. The minimum Major League contract salary under the CBA for players during the 2022 season was 700,000 and increases in each year during the term of the current CBA. For Major League players under reserve to an MLB Club that are not eligible for salary arbitration or free agency and are not subject to a multi-year contract, MLB Clubs may renew such player contracts at the Major League minimum if they cannot reach agreement with the player on salary. However, the CBA provides that the MLB Clubs cannot reduce MLB players salaries by more than 20 percent of what they earned in the previous MLB season or 30 percent of what they earned two seasons prior (provided the player has remained under reserve to the MLB Club). Player salaries in 2020 were reduced to reflect the shortened season. If a player is terminated by the team for lack of skill during the championship season, he is entitled to the unpaid balance of his salary under the contract for the remainder of that season, subject to certain rights of the MLB Club. Contracts may cover one year or multiple years, but under multi-year contracts an MLB Club may be required to make minimum payments to an MLB player for the balance of the contract s term even if the contract is terminated by the MLB Club, subject to certain rights of the MLB Club. An MLB Club may assign a player s contract to another MLB Club (for example, in connection with a trade with that MLB Club) or a minor league club subject to certain rights of the player and other MLB Clubs. Revenue Sharing . Each MLB Club is required to share locally derived revenue with the other MLB Clubs through MLB s revenue sharing plan. Debt Service Rule . Each MLB Club is subject to certain MLB imposed restrictions on its ability to incur indebtedness in amounts that exceed specified thresholds. In particular, each MLB Club is generally required to keep outstanding indebtedness minus a certain amount of excludable indebtedness at or below 8.0x available cash flow (or in the case of MLB Clubs which have a new stadium, at or below 12.0x available cash flow), with the amount of excludable indebtedness for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023 set at 125 million and for each of fiscal years 2024 through 2026 set at 100 million. This is referred to as the Debt Service Rule. MLB Clubs must certify compliance with the Debt Service Rule annually and the failure of an MLB Club to comply during two consecutive fiscal years may lead to certain remedial measures being imposed by the BOC, including, but not limited to, prohibitions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and repayment of outstanding indebtedness. Live Nation Live Nation is considered the world s leading live entertainment company. Live Nation s Business Segments Concerts. Live Nation s Concerts segment principally involves the global promotion of live music events in its owned or operated venues and in rented third-party venues, the operation and management of music venues, the production of music festivals across the world, the creation of associated content and the provision of management and other services to artists. While its Concerts segment traditionally operates year-round, Live Nation generally experiences higher revenue during the second and third quarters due to the seasonal nature of shows at its outdoor amphitheaters and festivals, which 
 I-22 

Table of Contents 
 primarily occur from May through October. Revenue is generally impacted by the number of events, volume of ticket sales and ticket prices. Event costs such as artist fees and production expenses are included in direct operating expenses and are typically substantial in relation to the revenue. Ticketing . Live Nation s Ticketing segment is primarily an agency business that sells tickets for events on behalf of its clients and retains a portion of the service charge as a fee. Live Nation sells tickets for its events and also for third-party clients across multiple live event categories, providing ticketing services for leading arenas, stadiums, amphitheaters, music clubs, concert promoters, professional sports franchises and leagues, college sports teams, performing arts venues, museums and theaters. Live Nation sells tickets through websites, mobile apps and ticket outlets. Live Nation s Ticketing segment also manages its online activities including enhancements to its websites and product offerings. Live Nation s ticketing sales are impacted by fluctuations in the availability of events for sale to the public, which may vary depending upon event scheduling by its clients. Sponsorship Advertising. Live Nation s Sponsorship Advertising segment employs a sales force that creates and maintains relationships with sponsors through a combination of strategic, international, national and local opportunities that allow businesses to reach customers through its concert, festival, venue and ticketing assets, including advertising on Live Nation websites. Live Nation works with its corporate clients to help create marketing programs that support their business goals and connect their brands directly with fans and artists. Live Nation also develops, books and produces custom events or programs for its clients specific brands, which are typically presented exclusively to the clients consumers. These custom events can involve live music events with talent and media, using both online and traditional outlets. Live Nation typically experiences higher revenue in the second and third quarters as a large portion of sponsorships are typically associated with its outdoor venues and festivals which are primarily used in, or occur from, May through October. Terms of Live Nation Investment At December 31, 2022, we beneficially owned approximately 69.6 million shares of Live Nation common stock, which represented approximately 31 of the issued and outstanding shares as of December 31, 2022. Under our stockholders agreement with Live Nation, we have the right to nominate two directors (one of whom must qualify as an independent director) to the Live Nation board of directors, currently comprised of 12 directors, for so long as our ownership interest provides us with not less than 5 of the total voting power of Live Nation s equity securities. We also have the right to cause one of our nominees to serve on the audit committee and the compensation committee of the board, provided they meet the independence and other qualifications for membership on those committees. Live Nation has waived the director independence requirement with respect to our nominees to the Live Nation board of directors, and we have waived our right to cause one of our nominees to serve on the audit and compensation committees of the board. We have agreed under the stockholders agreement not to acquire beneficial ownership of Live Nation equity securities that would result in our having in excess of 35 of the voting power of Live Nation s equity securities. That percentage is subject to decrease for specified transfers of our Live Nation stock. We have been exempted from the restrictions on business combinations set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and Live Nation has agreed in the stockholders agreement not to take certain actions that would materially and adversely affect our ability to acquire Live Nation securities representing up to 35 of the voting power of Live Nation s equity securities. Other Minority Investments We also own a portfolio of minority equity investments in public and private companies. These non-core assets may be monetized in the future, potentially through derivative and structured transactions as well as public and private sales. 
 I-23 

Table of Contents 
 Regulatory Matters Sirius XM Holdings Sirius XM Holdings is subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations relating to consumer protection, information security and data protection. There are several states that require specific information security controls to protect certain types of information and specific notifications to consumers in the event of a security breach that compromises certain categories of personal information. Certain of Sirius XM Holdings services are also subject to laws in the U.S. and abroad pertaining to privacy of user data and other information, including the California Consumer Privacy Act and the European General Data Protection Regulation. Sirius XM Holdings Privacy Policies and customer agreements describe its practices. Sirius XM Holdings believes it complies with all of its obligations under all applicable laws and regulations. As an operator of a privately owned satellite system, Sirius XM is regulated by the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934, principally with respect to: the licensing of its satellite systems; preventing interference with or to other users of radio frequencies; and compliance with FCC rules established specifically for U.S. satellites and satellite radio services. 
 Any assignment or transfer of control of Sirius XM s FCC licenses must be approved by the FCC. The FCC s order approving its merger with XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. in July 2008 requires Sirius XM to comply with certain voluntary commitments it made as part of the FCC merger proceeding. Sirius XM believes it complies with those commitments. In 1997, Sirius XM was the winning bidder for FCC licenses to operate a satellite digital audio radio service and provide other ancillary services. Sirius XM s FCC licenses for its Sirius satellites expire in 2025 and 2030. Sirius XM s FCC licenses for its XM satellites expire in 2023, 2026 and 2029. Sirius XM anticipates that, absent significant misconduct on its part, the FCC will renew its licenses to permit operation of its satellites for their useful lives, and grant licenses for any replacement satellites. In some areas, Sirius XM has installed terrestrial repeaters to supplement its satellite signal coverage. The FCC has established rules governing terrestrial repeaters and has granted Sirius XM a license through 2027 to operate its repeater network. In certain cases, Sirius XM obtains FCC certifications for satellite radios, including satellite radios that include FM modulators. Sirius XM believes its radios that are in production comply with all applicable FCC rules. Sirius XM is required to obtain export licenses or other approvals from the U.S. government to export certain equipment, services and technical data related to its satellites and their operations. The transfer of such equipment, services and technical data outside the U.S. or to foreign persons is subject to strict export control and prior approval requirements from the U.S. government (including prohibitions on the sharing of certain satellite-related goods and services with China). Changes in law or regulations relating to communications policy or to matters affecting Sirius XM s services could adversely affect its ability to retain its FCC licenses or the manner in which Sirius XM operates. Competition Laws and Formula 1 The operations and business of Formula 1 are subject to European and national competition laws which require Formula 1 at all times to ensure its business practices and agreements are consistent with the operation of competitive markets. Following an investigation by the European Commission E.C. into the commercialization of Formula 1 and related agreements in 1999, Formula 1 modified certain of its business practices and changed the terms of a number of its commercial contracts with Teams, broadcasters, promoters and the FIA. In October 2001, the E.C. issued two comfort 
 I-24 

Table of Contents 
 letters to Formula 1 stating that it was no longer under investigation. Comfort letters are not binding on the E.C. and if it believes that there has been a material change in circumstances, further enforcement action could be taken. The E.C. issued a press release in October 2003 stating that it was satisfied that Formula 1 had complied with the modified practices and terms that had led to its issuing the 2001 comfort letters and that it had ended its monitoring of Formula 1 s compliance. Competition Sirius XM Holdings faces significant competition for listeners and advertisers in its Sirius XM and Pandora and Off-platform businesses, including from providers of radio and other audio services. Sirius XM Holdings services compete with traditional AM/FM radio. Traditional AM/FM radio has a well-established demand for its services and offers free broadcasts paid for by commercial advertising rather than by subscription fees. Many radio stations offer information programming of a local nature, such as local news and sports. The availability of traditional free AM/FM radio may reduce the likelihood that customers would be willing to pay for Sirius XM Holdings subscription services. Several traditional radio companies own large numbers of radio stations and other media properties, such as podcast networks. Sirius XM Holdings also faces competition from streaming and on-demand services, including Amazon Prime, Apple Music, Spotify and YouTube. Major online providers make high fidelity digital streams available at no cost or, in some cases, for less than the cost of a satellite radio subscription. Certain of these services include advanced functionality, such as personalization and customization, and allow the user to access large libraries of content. These services, in some instances, are also offered through devices sold by the service providers including Apple, Google and Amazon. For some consumers, these services compete with Sirius XM Holdings services, at home, in vehicles, and wherever audio entertainment is consumed. In addition, nearly all automakers have deployed integrated multimedia systems in dashboards, including Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. These systems combine control of audio entertainment from a variety of sources, including AM/FM/HD radio broadcasts, satellite radio, streaming radio, smartphone applications and stored audio, with navigation and other advanced applications. Streaming radio and other data are typically connected to the system through an Internet-enabled smartphone or wireless modem installed in the vehicle, and the entire system may be controlled by touchscreen or voice recognition. These systems enhance the attractiveness of internet-based competitors by making such applications more prominent, easier to access, and safer to use in vehicles. Sirius XM Holdings also faces competition from a number of providers that offer specialized audio services through either direct broadcast satellite or cable audio systems. These services are targeted to fixed locations, mostly in-home, but also include mobile entertainment. The radio service offered by direct broadcast satellite and cable audio is often included as part of a package of digital services with video service, and video customers generally do not pay an additional monthly charge for the audio service. In addition, other services offered by these providers, such as cable television, on-demand video streaming, and interactive video games compete with Sirius XM Holdings services to the extent they utilize existing or potential users' and listeners' time that could otherwise be allocated to the use of Sirius XM or Pandora services. In addition, the audio entertainment marketplace continues to evolve rapidly, with a steady emergence of new media platforms that compete with Sirius XM Holdings services now or that could compete with those services in the future. A number of providers compete with Sirius XM s traffic services, particularly by smartphones offering GPS mapping with sophisticated data-based turn navigation. The connected vehicle services business operates in a highly competitive environment and competes with several providers, as well as with products being developed for vehicles by automakers and other third parties. OnStar, a division of General Motors, also offers connected vehicle services in GM vehicles. Wireless devices, such as mobile phones, are also competitors. Sirius XM Holdings competes against other connected vehicle service providers for automaker arrangements on the basis of innovation, service quality and reliability, technical capabilities and system customization, scope of service, industry experience, past performance and price. Sirius XM Holdings competition for advertisers includes large scale online advertising platforms such as Amazon, Facebook and Google; traditional media companies such as television broadcasters and national print outlets; broadcast radio providers; podcast distributors and networks; and companies in the broadcast radio market. Sirius XM Holdings competes against these providers for advertisers on the basis of several factors, including advertisers overall budgets, perceived return on investment, effectiveness and relevance of Sirius XM Holdings advertising platforms, the amount and scope of its data on listeners, price, delivery of large volumes or precise types of advertisements to targeted demographics, transactional capabilities and reporting capabilities. The online advertising marketplace continues to evolve rapidly, particularly with the introduction of new digital advertising technologies and expanding capabilities of larger internet companies. 
 I-25 

Table of Contents 
 With respect to Formula 1, the World Championship competes with many alternative forms of entertainment, such as other sporting and live events, for television viewership, live attendance and advertising. For example, Formula 1 competes for media rights and advertising revenue with other global and regional Tier 1 sports, including the Olympic Games, FIFA World Cup, Champions League and Premier League. Within national markets, Formula 1 competes with local racing events, such as the Indianapolis 500 race and NASCAR in the U.S. Braves Holdings faces competition from many alternative forms of leisure entertainment. During the baseball season, Braves Holdings competes with other sporting and live events for game day attendance, which is integral to Braves Holdings ticket, concession and merchandise sales revenue. The broadcasting of the Braves games, which is another significant source of revenue for Braves Holdings, competes against a multitude of other media options for viewers, including premium programming, home video, pay-per-view services, subscription video on-demand services, online activities, movies and other forms of news and information. In addition, Braves Holdings competes with the other MLB teams for a limited pool of player, coaching and managerial talent. This talent contributes to the Braves record and league standings, which are critical components of Braves Holdings competitiveness. Live Nation faces competition in the live music industry, in attracting touring artists to the venues it owns and operates and from ticketing services primarily through online and mobile channels but also through phone, outlet and box office channels. Competition in the live entertainment industry is intense. Live Nation believes that it competes primarily on the basis of its ability to deliver quality music events, sell tickets and provide enhanced fan and artist experiences. It believes that its primary strengths include the quality of service delivered to its artists, fans, ticketing clients and corporate sponsors, its track record and reputation in promoting and producing live music events and tours both domestically and internationally, its artist relationships, its global footprint, the quality of its ticketing software and services, its ecommerce site and extensive database, its diverse distribution platform of venues, the scope, effectiveness and expertise of its advertising and sponsorship programs and its financial stability. Human Capital Resources General As of December 31, 2022, we had 83 corporate employees, and our consolidated subsidiaries had an aggregate of approximately 7,200 full and part-time employees. We believe that our employee relations are good. Liberty and its subsidiaries strive to create diverse, inclusive and supportive workplaces, with opportunities for employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by competitive compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs, and by programs that build connections between employees and their communities. Talent Development Liberty fosters a strong learning culture by investing in our employees and empowering them to participate in opportunities for personal and professional growth. Some of these opportunities (which vary across our company and our subsidiaries) include tuition reimbursement for professional related coursework, executive and career coaching, paid professional seminars, paid membership in professional organizations, on-site lunch and learn educational meetings and internally led presentations on industry topics. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Liberty strives to cultivate a culture that provides a sense of belonging and inclusiveness. Our company respects diversity and the unique perspectives, ideas, skills and abilities of our employees that lead our company to achieve better business results. To reinforce this commitment to inclusion and diversity at the corporate level, Liberty supports domestic partner benefits, paid parental leave, fertility benefits, flexible work arrangements, on-going training, mentorship for female leaders and quarterly town-hall meetings with our Chief Executive Officer. Similarly, our subsidiaries have undertaken their own individual commitments to developing a diverse workforce. Sirius XM Holdings is focused on increasing female and minority representation at all levels of its organization, and 
 I-26 

Table of Contents 
 recruits talent in diverse communities, including by engaging as a sponsor of professional conferences focused on diverse talent, creating employment opportunities and offering leadership development. Sirius XM Holdings provides a mentoring program to help underrepresented employees benefit from coaching, guidance and feedback, and also has several employee resource groups supporting different diverse groups. Sirius XM Holdings has implemented a broad set of anti-harassment and discrimination policies and has implemented regular training and guidance regarding diversity, equity and inclusion. Braves Holdings has launched a program to provide space for employees to share perspectives, thoughts and insights and engage in thoughtful discussion with peers. Braves Holdings has also created fellowship programs to promote the hiring of diverse talent and accessibility within areas including baseball and baseball operations, data and analytics, scouting and executive leadership. Through its efforts to develop diversity within motorsport, Formula 1 seeks to find the next generation of talent emerging from underrepresented backgrounds. Following the launch of the Formula 1 Engineering Scholarship Program in 2021, Formula 1 has since committed to extending the program through 2025, supporting 10 students per year in their undergraduate and post-graduate engineering degrees at leading universities in the U.K. and Italy. In November 2022, Formula 1 announced the launch of the F1 Academy series, an all-female driver category, to develop and prepare young female drivers to progress to higher levels of competition. As part of a wider program of diversity and inclusion initiatives, Formula 1 has also committed to creating employment opportunities for those from disadvantaged socio-economic backgrounds by offering apprenticeships and internships across the business. Compensation and Benefits Liberty and its subsidiaries aim to provide attractive compensation and benefits programs for their employees. In addition to salaries, these programs (which vary across our company and our subsidiaries) may include, among other items, bonuses, stock awards, 401(k) plans, non-qualified deferred compensation plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, paid parental leave, advocacy resources, flexible work schedules and employee assistance programs. COVID-19 Response In response to the COVID -19 pandemic, we and our subsidiaries implemented changes that we consider to be in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, many of our employees are working from home, and we have implemented additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-site work. We believe we have been able to preserve our business continuity without sacrificing our commitment to keeping our employees safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. Available Information All of our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and Form 8-Ks, as well as amendments to such filings are available on our Internet website free of charge generally within 24 hours after we file such material with the SEC. Our website address is www.libertymedia.com. Our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics, compensation committee charter, nominating and corporate governance committee charter, and audit committee charter are available on our website. In addition, we will provide a copy of any of these documents, free of charge, to any shareholder who calls or submits a request in writing to Investor Relations, Liberty Media Corporation, 12300 Liberty Boulevard, Englewood, Colorado 80112, Tel. No. (877) 772-1518. The information contained on our website and the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliated businesses mentioned throughout this report is not incorporated by reference herein. 
 I-27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our common stock involves risk. Before investing in our common stock, in addition to the other information described in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Part II, you should carefully consider the following risks. Such risks are not the only ones that relate to our businesses and capitalization. The risks described below are considered to be the most material. However, there may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that also could have material adverse effects on our businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the events described below or in the documents incorporated by reference herein were to occur, our businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the value of our common stock. Risks Relating to our Company, as a Whole The historical financial information of the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not necessarily reflect their results had they been separate companies. One of the reasons for the creation of a tracking stock is to permit equity investors to apply more specific criteria in valuing the shares of a particular group, such as comparisons of earnings multiples with those of other companies in the same business sector. In valuing shares of Liberty SiriusXM Group tracking stock, Braves Group tracking stock and Formula One Group tracking stock, investors should recognize that the historical financial information of the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group has been extracted from our consolidated financial statements and may not necessarily reflect what the Liberty SiriusXM Group s, the Braves Group s and the Formula One Group s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would have been had each of these groups been separate, stand-alone entities pursuing independent strategies during the periods presented. We may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding corporate-level indebtedness in the principal amount of 4.1 billion. At December 31, 2022, our only wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries are Braves Holdings and Formula 1. Braves Holdings, due to its size and current level of indebtedness, together with its assets and operating cash flow, would be insufficient to support any significant financing in the future. Our ability to access the cash flow of Formula 1 is subject to covenant restrictions set forth in the debt instruments of certain subsidiaries of Delta Topco, the parent company of Formula 1. In addition, although we consolidate Sirius XM Holdings, we do not have ready access to the cash flow of Sirius XM Holdings due to Sirius XM Holdings being a separate public company and the presence of a significant non-controlling interest. Accordingly, our ability to obtain significant financing in the future, on favorable terms or at all, may be limited. If debt financing is not available to us in the future, we may obtain liquidity through the sale or monetization of our debt or equity securities, or we may issue equity securities. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. If we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity in the future, we may be unable to develop our businesses properly, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and those attributed to our groups. A substantial portion of our consolidated debt is held above the operating subsidiary level, and we could be unable in the future to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to service that debt and our other financial obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4.1 billion principal amount of corporate-level debt outstanding, consisting of 790 million outstanding under our 1.375 cash convertible senior notes due 2023, 27 million outstanding under our 1 cash convertible senior notes due 2023, 475 million outstanding under our 2.25 exchangeable senior debentures due 2027, 387 million outstanding under our 2.125 exchangeable senior debentures due 2048, 586 million outstanding under our 2.75 exchangeable senior debentures due 2049, 920 million outstanding under our 0.5 exchangeable senior debentures due 2050, 875 million outstanding under a margin loan obligation incurred by our 
 I-28 

Table of Contents 
 wholly owned special purpose subsidiary attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and 63 million of other obligations. Our ability to meet our financial obligations will depend on our ability to access cash. Our primary sources of cash include our available cash balances, dividends and interest from our investments, monetization of our public investment portfolio and proceeds from asset sales. Further, our ability to receive dividends or payments or advances from our businesses depends on their individual operating results, any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject and the terms of their own indebtedness, including Sirius XM Holdings senior notes and credit facility and Formula 1 s subsidiary debt. The agreements governing such indebtedness restrict sales of assets and prohibit or limit the payment of dividends or the making of distributions, loans or advances to stockholders, non-wholly owned subsidiaries or our partners. We generally do not receive cash, in the form of dividends (other than quarterly dividends generally payable to Sirius XM Holdings stockholders pursuant to Sirius XM Holdings dividend policy, which is subject to change at any time and is at the discretion of Sirius XM Holdings board of directors in accordance with applicable law and after taking into account various factors affecting Sirius XM Holdings), loans, advances or otherwise, from any of our subsidiaries or business affiliates. In addition, our Company s borrowings under margin loans, Sirius XM Holdings borrowings under its credit facility (except for the incremental term loan, which carries a variable interest rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR )) and Braves Holdings borrowings under its mixed-use credit facilities carry a variable interest rate based on London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest. In 2017, the U.K s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the one week and two month U.S. dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. The U.S. Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. Accordingly, any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined or regulatory activity related to LIBOR s phaseout could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of borrowings under the aforementioned debt instruments. To the extent alternate reference rates were not included in existing debt agreements, Liberty, Sirius XM Holdings and Formula 1 have incorporated, and expect to incorporate in the near term, alternative reference rates when amending these facilities, as applicable. In addition, we may, in the future, hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using hedging instruments such as swaps, caps, options, forwards, futures or other similar products. These instruments may be used to selectively manage risks, but there can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against material interest rate fluctuations. The success of businesses attributed to each of our tracking stock groups, in part, depends on their popularity with audiences, which is difficult to predict. Entertainment content production, satellite radio services and live entertainment events, including sporting events, are inherently risky businesses because the revenue derived from these businesses depends primarily upon their popularity with public audiences, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of a satellite radio program or live entertainment depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing programs, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, many of which are difficult to predict. In the case of ad-supported programming, events and satellite radio service, audience size is an important factor when advertising rates are negotiated. Audience size is also an important factor when determining ticket pricing for live entertainment events and the value of broadcast rights. Consequently, low public acceptance of the programs, services and events provided by companies such as Sirius XM Holdings, Braves Holdings, Live Nation and Formula 1 could hurt the ability of these companies to maintain or grow revenue, which would adversely impact the financial performance of the groups to which these companies are attributed. 
 I-29 

Table of Contents 
 Our businesses attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Formula One Group, such as Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Live Nation, may not realize the benefits of acquisitions or other strategic investments and initiatives. Our business strategy and that of our subsidiaries and business affiliates, including Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Live Nation, may include selective acquisitions, other strategic investments and initiatives that allow them to expand their business. The success of any acquisition depends upon effective integration and management of acquired businesses and assets into the acquirer s operations, which is subject to risks and uncertainties, including the realization of the growth potential, any anticipated synergies and cost savings, the ability to retain and attract personnel, the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns and undisclosed or potential legal liabilities of acquired businesses or assets. Weak and uncertain economic conditions may reduce consumer demand for products, services and events offered by our businesses attributed to each of our groups. A weak or uncertain economy in the U.S. or, in the case of the Formula One Group, abroad, could adversely affect demand for our products, services and events. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from discretionary spending by individuals, which typically falls during times of economic recession or instability. A reduction in discretionary spending could adversely affect revenue through potential downgrades by satellite radio subscribers and could overall affect subscriber churn, conversion rates and vehicle sales (in the case of Sirius XM Holdings) or reduced live-entertainment and sporting event expenditures (in the case of Live Nation, Braves Holdings and Formula 1). Accordingly, the ability of our businesses attributed to each of our groups to increase or maintain revenue and earnings could be adversely affected to the extent that relevant economic environments remain weak or decline further. In addition, inflation, which has significantly risen, may increase operational costs, including labor costs, and continued increases in interest rates in response to concerns about inflation may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. We currently are unable to predict the extent of any of these potential adverse effects. Our Company has overlapping directors and management with Qurate Retail, Inc. Qurate Retail ), Liberty Broadband Corporation Liberty Broadband and Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. TripCo and, following the completion of the proposed Split-Off, is expected to have overlapping directors and officers with ABH, which may lead to conflicting interests. As a result of transactions between 2011 and 2014 that resulted in the separate corporate existence of our Company, Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband and TripCo, as well as the completion of the proposed Split-Off, all or most of the executive officers of Liberty also serve (or will serve in the case of ABH) as executive officers of Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband, TripCo and ABH, and there are overlapping directors. Our executive officers and members of the Board of Directors have fiduciary duties to our stockholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve (or will serve in the case of ABH) in similar capacities at Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband, TripCo or ABH have fiduciary duties to that company s stockholders. For example, there may be the potential for a conflict of interest when our Company, Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband, TripCo or ABH pursues acquisitions and other business opportunities that may be suitable for each of them. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting more than one of the companies to which they owe fiduciary duties. Moreover, most of our Company s directors and officers continue to own (or will own in the case of ABH) Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband, TripCo and ABH stock and options to purchase stock in those companies. These ownership interests could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the applicable individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for our Company, Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband, TripCo and/or ABH. Any potential conflict that qualifies as a related party transaction (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) is subject to review by an independent committee of the applicable issuer s board of directors in accordance with its corporate governance guidelines. Each of Liberty Broadband and TripCo has renounced its rights to certain business opportunities and its respective restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions deeming directors and officers not in breach of their fiduciary duties in certain cases for directing a corporate opportunity to another person or entity (including Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband and TripCo) instead of such company. In addition, we understand that ABH is expected to adopt similar renouncement and waiver provisions in its restated articles of incorporation in connection with the closing of the proposed Split-Off. Other potential conflicts that arise will be addressed on a case-by-case basis, keeping in mind the applicable fiduciary duties owed by the executive officers and directors of each issuer. From time to time, we may 
 I-30 

Table of Contents 
 enter into transactions with Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband, TripCo, ABH and/or their respective subsidiaries or other affiliates. There can be no assurance that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable to our Company, Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband, TripCo, ABH or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates as would be the case where there is no overlapping officer or director. The unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation could have a material adverse impact on the operations and financial condition of businesses attributed to each of our groups. Our subsidiaries and business affiliates are parties to several legal proceedings arising out of various aspects of their businesses, including class actions arising out of their marketing practices. The outcome of these proceedings may not be favorable, and one or more unfavorable outcomes could have a material adverse impact on their financial condition, which can impact the financial performance of the group to which they are attributed. Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates have operations outside of the U.S. that are subject to numerous operational risks. Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates have operations in countries other than the U.S. In many foreign countries, particularly in certain developing economies, it is not uncommon to encounter business practices that are prohibited by certain regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws. Although certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates have undertaken compliance efforts with respect to these laws, their respective employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which they outsource certain of their business operations, may take actions in violation of their policies and procedures. Any such violation, even if prohibited by the policies and procedures of these subsidiaries and business affiliates or the law, could have certain adverse effects on the financial condition and reputation of these subsidiaries and business affiliates. Any failure by these subsidiaries and business affiliates to effectively manage the challenges associated with the international operation of their businesses could materially adversely affect their, and hence our, financial condition. Our ability to use net operating loss, disallowed business interest and tax credit carryforwards to reduce future tax payments could be negatively impacted if there is an ownership change, as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code of our Company. At December 31, 2022, we had a deferred tax asset attributable to federal and state net operating losses, disallowed business interest carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards of 547 million and, under the Code, we may carry forward our federal net operating losses, disallowed business interest deductions and tax credits in certain circumstances to offset current and future taxable income and reduce our federal income tax liability, subject to certain requirements and restrictions. If we experience an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Code and related Treasury regulations (generally, a cumulative change in ownership that exceeds 50 of the value of a corporation s stock over a rolling three-year period), at a time when our market capitalization is below a certain level or proposed Treasury regulations under Section 382 of the Code issued during 2019 have become final and are applicable (taking into account the delayed effective date of such regulations), our ability to use our federal net operating loss, disallowed business interest and tax credit carryforwards could be substantially limited. This limit could impact the timing of the usage of our federal net operating loss, disallowed business interest and tax credit carryforwards, thus accelerating federal cash tax payments or causing certain federal net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to expire prior to their use, which could affect the ultimate realization of that deferred tax asset. Similar limitations may also apply at the state level. Risks Relating to COVID-19 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and a future pandemic or epidemic, has introduced and may continue to introduce significant uncertainty to Sirius XM Holdings business. The COVID-19 pandemic has also introduced significant uncertainties to Sirius XM Holdings business. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact Sirius XM Holdings results depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including the resurgence of COVID-19 and its variants that may be occurring. Another broad 
 I-31 

Table of Contents 
 shutdown of businesses, either in the U.S. or globally, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic would likely have an adverse effect on Sirius XM Holdings business. Formula 1, Braves Holdings and Live Nation have been, and may continue to be, materially impacted by COVID-19 and may be materially impacted by a future pandemic or epidemic. Although Formula 1, Braves Holdings and Live Nation saw a more complete return to normal business operations, schedules and events in 2022, it is unclear whether and to what extent COVID-19 concerns, or a future pandemic or epidemic, will impact the use of and/or demand for the entertainment, events and services provided by these businesses and demand for sponsorship and advertising assets. If these businesses face cancelled events, closed venues and reduced attendance, the impact may substantially decrease our revenue. Due to the revenue reductions caused by COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021, these businesses have looked to reduce expenses, but should such impacts resume, the businesses may not be able to reduce expenses to the same degree as any decline in revenue, which may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. In addition, our businesses are particularly sensitive to reductions in travel and discretionary consumer spending. We cannot predict the time period over which our businesses will be impacted by COVID-19 or a future pandemic or epidemic. Over the long-term, COVID-19 or a future pandemic or epidemic could impede economic activity in impacted regions or globally, causing a global recession, leading to a further decline in discretionary spending on sports and entertainment events and other leisure activities, which could result in long-term effects on our businesses. Even as our businesses resume more normal operations, there can be no assurances that fans attending events or vendors and employees working at our events will not contract COVID-19 or another illness in the course of attending or providing services. Any such occurrence could result in litigation, legal and other costs and reputational risk that could materially and adversely impact our businesses and results of operations. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the U.S. economy may experience a recession, and we anticipate our businesses and operations could be materially adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the U.S. For the reasons set forth above and other reasons that may come to light as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or a future pandemic or epidemic, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact to our future revenue, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, but such impacts have been and will continue to be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Risks Relating to the Liberty SiriusXM Group Sirius XM Holdings has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by supply chain issues. The issues associated with the global supply chain for parts and components is having wide-ranging effects across multiple industries, including direct and indirect effects on Sirius XM Holdings business. Automakers are experiencing, and may continue to experience, delays in securing certain components that are essential to the production of new vehicles for a variety of reasons, including due to the global semiconductor supply shortage and the war in Ukraine. These affected automakers manufacture and sell vehicles that include Sirius XM Holdings satellite radios. For example, some automobile plants in North America and elsewhere have at times halted or reduced vehicle production due to the shortage of certain components used in the production of their vehicles. As a result, these supply chain shortages have had, and may continue to have, an impact on new vehicle production and deliveries, which in turn may affect Sirius XM Holdings subscriber acquisition efforts. Sirius XM Holdings also has experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in securing certain application specific integrated circuits (which are commonly referred to as "chipsets") that are essential components of its satellite radios. Delays or the unavailability of these components could have an adverse impact on Sirius XM Holdings operations and financial conditions. 
 I-32 

Table of Contents 
 Sirius XM Holdings may be adversely affected by the war in Ukraine. The war in Ukraine, and any expansion of the war in Ukraine to surrounding areas, could adversely affect Sirius XM Holdings business and operations. The war in Ukraine could affect the supply of certain components that Sirius XM Holdings relies on in connection with its business and operations, such as software and certain subsystems that may be planned to be integrated as part of Sirius XM Holdings satellites currently under construction for its system. In addition, AdsWizz is headquartered in Romania and Sirius XM Holdings relies on other contractors in Eastern European countries, such as Poland. An expansion of the war in Ukraine to other countries, particularly Romania, could materially affect Sirius XM Holdings ability to deliver advertisements on its Pandora services and for third parties. Sirius XM Holdings faces substantial competition and that competition is likely to increase over time. Sirius XM Holdings competes for the time and attention of its listeners with other content providers on the basis of a number of factors, including quality of experience, relevance, acceptance and perception of content quality, ease of use, price, accessibility, brand awareness, reputation and, in the case of its ad-supported Pandora service, perception of ad load, features and functionality. As consumer tastes and preferences change on the internet and with mobile and other connected products, including cars, in-home, and wearable devices, Sirius XM Holdings will need to enhance and improve its existing services, introduce new services and features, and attempt to maintain its competitive position with additional technological advances and adaptable platforms. Neither the Sirius XM App nor the Pandora App has been significantly updated in several years. If Sirius XM Holdings fails to keep pace with technological advances or fails to offer compelling product offerings and state-of-the-art delivery platforms to meet consumer demands, its ability to grow or maintain the reach of its services, attract and retain users, and attract listeners and subscribers across its services will be adversely affected. Sirius XM Holdings ability to attract and retain subscribers and listeners also depends on its success in creating and providing popular or unique programming. A summary of certain services that compete with Sirius XM Holdings is contained in the section entitled Item 1. Business-Competition of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sirius XM Holdings subscribers and listeners can obtain similar content for free through terrestrial radio stations, YouTube and other internet services. Sirius XM Holdings also competes for the time and attention of its listeners with providers of other in-home and mobile entertainment services, and it competes for advertising sales with large scale online advertising platforms, such as Amazon, Facebook and Google, and with traditional media outlets. Sirius XM Holdings streaming services also compete for listeners on the basis of the presence and visibility of its apps, which are distributed via app stores operated by Apple and Google. Sirius XM Holdings faces significant competition for listeners from these companies, which also promote their own music and content. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings competitors streaming products may be pre-loaded or integrated into consumer electronics products or automobiles, more broadly than Sirius XM Holdings streaming products, creating a visibility advantage. If Sirius XM Holdings is unable to compete successfully for listeners against other media providers, then its business may suffer. Additionally, the operator of an app store may reject Sirius XM Holdings app or amend the terms of their license in a way that inhibits Sirius XM Holdings ability to distribute its apps, negatively affects its business, or limits its ability to increase subscribers and listeners. Competition could result in lower subscription, advertising or other revenue and an increase in Sirius XM Holdings expenses and, consequently, lower its earnings and free cash flow. Sirius XM Holdings cannot provide assurance that it will be able to compete successfully with its existing or future competitors or that competition will not have an adverse impact on its operations and financial condition. If Sirius XM Holdings efforts to attract and retain subscribers and listeners, or convert listeners into subscribers, are not successful, its business will be adversely affected. Sirius XM Holdings business will be adversely affected if it is unable to attract new subscribers and listeners and retain its current subscribers and listeners. 
 I-33 

Table of Contents 
 Sirius XM Holdings ability to increase the number of subscribers and listeners to its services, retain its subscribers and listeners or convert listeners into subscribers, is uncertain and subject to many factors, including: the price of Sirius XM Holdings service; the ease of use of Sirius XM Holdings service; the effectiveness of Sirius XM Holdings marketing programs; with respect to its Sirius XM service, the sale or lease rate of new vehicles in the U.S.; the rate at which Sirius XM Holdings self-pay subscribers to its Sirius XM service buy and sell new and used vehicles in the U.S.; Sirius XM Holdings ability to convince owners and lessees of new and used vehicles that include satellite radios to purchase subscriptions to its Sirius XM service; the perceived value of Sirius XM Holdings programming and the packages and services it offers; Sirius XM Holdings ability to introduce features in a manner that is favorably received by its consumers; Sirius XM Holdings ability to keep up with rapidly evolving technology and features in audio entertainment; Sirius XM Holdings ability to respond to evolving consumer tastes; and actions by Sirius XM Holdings competitors, such as Spotify, Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook and other audio entertainment and information providers. 
 Sirius XM Holdings engages in extensive marketing efforts and the continued effectiveness of those efforts is an important part of its business. Sirius XM Holdings engages in extensive marketing efforts across a broad range of media to attract and retain subscribers and listeners to its services. Sirius XM Holdings employs a wide variety of communications tools as part of its marketing campaigns, including telemarketing efforts and email solicitations. The effectiveness of its marketing efforts is affected by a broad range of factors, including creative and execution factors. Sirius XM Holdings ability to reach consumers with radio and television advertising, direct mail materials, email solicitations and telephone calls is an important part of its efforts and a significant factor in the effectiveness of its marketing. If Sirius XM Holdings is unable to reach consumers through email solicitations or telemarketing, including as a result of spam and email filters, call blocking technologies, consumer privacy regulations or do-not-call or other marketing regulations, its marketing efforts will be adversely affected. A decline in the effectiveness of its marketing efforts could have an adverse impact on its operations and financial condition. Sirius XM Holdings relies on third parties for the operation of its business, and the failure of third parties to perform could adversely affect its business. Sirius XM Holdings business depends, in part, on various third parties, including: manufacturers that build and distribute satellite radios; companies that manufacture and sell integrated circuits for satellite radios; third-party software that supports Sirius XM Holdings apps and services; programming providers, including agreements with owners of various copyrights in music, and on-air talent; vendors that operate its call centers; vendors that have designed or built, and vendors that support or operate, other important elements of Sirius XM Holdings systems, including its satellites and cloud -based systems; 
 I-34 

Table of Contents 
 Apple, who distributes Sirius XM Holdings apps through its App Store and who, in the case of the Pandora service, Sirius XM Holdings relies on to collect fees and approve the terms of its consumer offers; and Google, who distributes Sirius XM Holdings apps through its App Store and who Sirius XM Holdings, in the case of the Pandora service, relies on to collect fees and approve the terms of its consumer offers, and who plays an important role in the fulfillment of the ads Sirius XM Holdings sells on its Pandora platform. 
 If one or more of these third parties do not perform in a satisfactory or timely manner, including complying with Sirius XM Holdings standards and practices relating to business integrity, personnel and cybersecurity, its business could be adversely affected. The operation of Sirius XM Holdings apps and service offerings could be impaired if errors occur in the third party software that supports Sirius XM Holdings apps and services. It is difficult for Sirius XM Holdings to correct any defects in third party software because the development and maintenance of the software is not within its control. Sirius XM Holdings third party licensors may not continue to make their software available to Sirius XM Holdings on acceptable terms, invest the appropriate levels of resources in their software to maintain and enhance its capabilities, or remain in business. Failure of these third-party licensors could harm Sirius XM Holdings streaming services. In addition, a number of third parties on which Sirius XM Holdings depends have experienced, and may in the future experience, financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy protection. Such third parties may not be able to perform their obligations to Sirius XM Holdings in a timely manner, if at all, as a result of their financial condition or may be relieved of their obligations to Sirius XM Holdings as part of seeking bankruptcy protection. Failure to successfully monetize and generate revenue from podcasts and other non-music content could adversely affect Sirius XM Holdings business, operating results, and financial condition. Delivering podcasts and other non-music content involves risks and challenges, including increased competition and the need to develop new relationships with creators. Sirius XM Holdings has entered into multi-year commitments for original podcast content that is produced by third parties. These agreements generally provide Sirius XM Holdings the right to distribute the content and act as the exclusive agent for the sale of advertising in the podcasts. Payment terms for certain podcast content typically requires more upfront cash payments, including minimum guarantees to the owner or creator of the podcast, than other content licenses or arrangements. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed-cost nature of such commitments, if the attractiveness of such podcast content to Sirius XM Holdings listeners and subscribers do not meet its expectations, Sirius XM Holdings margins could be adversely impacted. In addition, the advertising market for podcasts is still developing, including the advertising technology necessary to efficiently sell podcast advertising at scale. As a result, Sirius XM Holdings ability to profitably monetize the available advertising opportunities in podcasts remains uncertain. Growing Sirius XM Holdings podcasting business may require additional changes to its business model and cost structure, modifications to its infrastructure, and could expose us to new regulatory, legal and reputational risks, including infringement liability. There is no guarantee that Sirius XM Holdings will be able to generate sufficient revenue from podcasts to offset the costs of creating or acquiring this content. Sirius XM Holdings failure to successfully monetize and generate revenue from such content, including failure to obtain or retain rights to podcasts or other non-music content on acceptable terms, or at all, or to effectively manage the numerous risks and challenges associated with such expansion, could adversely affect Sirius XM Holdings business, operating results, and financial condition. Sirius XM Holdings may not realize the benefits of acquisitions or other strategic investments and initiatives. Sirius XM Holdings strategy includes selective acquisitions, other strategic investments and initiatives in an effort to expand its business. The success of any acquisition depends upon effective integration, cultural assimilation and management of acquired businesses and assets into its operations, which is subject to risks and uncertainties, including realizing the growth potential, the anticipated synergies and cost savings, the ability to retain and attract personnel, the 
 I-35 

Table of Contents 
 diversion of management s attention for other business concerns, and undisclosed or potential legal liabilities of the acquired business or assets. The integration process could distract Sirius XM Holdings management, disrupt its ongoing business or result in inconsistencies in Sirius XM Holdings services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect its ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. The impact of economic conditions may adversely affect Sirius XM Holdings business, operating results, and financial condition. Sirius XM Holdings success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending. Some of the factors that may influence consumer spending on entertainment include general economic conditions, the availability of discretionary income, consumer confidence, interest rates, inflationary pressure, and general uncertainty regarding the overall economic environment. The demand for entertainment generally is sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary consumer spending. Any actual or perceived deterioration or weakness in general, regional or local economic conditions, as well as other adverse economic or market conditions due to COVID-19 or otherwise, could reduce Sirius XM Holdings subscribers or potential subscribers discretionary income. To the extent that overall economic conditions reduce spending on discretionary items, Sirius XM Holdings ability to attract and retain subscribers could be hindered, which could reduce its subscription revenue and negatively impact its business. Additionally, Sirius XM Holdings financial performance is subject to economic conditions and their impact on levels of advertising spending. Expenditures by advertisers generally tend to reflect overall economic conditions, and reductions in spending by advertisers could have an adverse impact on Sirius XM Holdings revenue and business. See Pandora generates a significant portion of its revenue from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers could harm its business. A substantial number of Sirius XM service subscribers periodically cancel their subscriptions and Sirius XM Holdings cannot predict how successful it will be at retaining customers. As part of Sirius XM Holdings business, it experiences, and expects to experience in the future, subscriber turnover (i.e., churn). If Sirius XM Holdings is unable to retain current subscribers at expected rates, or the costs of retaining subscribers are higher than expected, its financial performance and operating results could be adversely affected. Sirius XM Holdings cannot predict how successful it will be at retaining customers who purchase or lease vehicles that include a subscription to its Sirius XM service. A substantial percentage of Sirius XM subscribers are on discounted pricing plans and Sirius XM Holdings ability to retain these subscribers or migrate them to higher priced plans is uncertain. Sirius XM Holdings discounted pricing strategy is widely known, and this may interfere with its ability to collect its ordinary subscription prices. In addition, a substantial number of those subscribers periodically cancel their subscriptions when offered a subscription at a higher price. Sirius XM Holdings ability to profitably attract and retain subscribers to its Sirius XM service is uncertain. A number of factors may affect Sirius XM Holdings ability to attract and retain subscribers to its Sirius XM service. Over time, the changing demographics of Sirius XM Holdings subscriber base, such as the increase in Millennial generation customers, may increase the number of subscribers accustomed to consuming entertainment through ad-supported products. These changing demographics may affect Sirius XM Holdings ability to convert trial subscribers into self-paying subscribers. Similarly, Sirius XM Holdings efforts to acquire subscribers purchasing or leasing used vehicles may attract price sensitive consumers. Consumers purchasing or leasing used vehicles may be more price sensitive than consumers purchasing or leasing new vehicles, may convert from trial subscribers to self-paying subscribers at a lower rate, and may cancel their subscriptions more frequently than consumers purchasing or leasing new vehicles. Some of Sirius XM Holdings marketing efforts may also attract more price sensitive subscribers, and its efforts to increase the 
 I-36 

Table of Contents 
 penetration of satellite radios in new, lower-priced vehicle lines may result in the growth of more economy-minded subscribers. Each of these factors may harm Sirius XM Holdings revenue or require additional spending on marketing efforts to demonstrate the value of its Sirius XM service. Sirius XM Holdings business depends in part upon the auto industry. A substantial portion of the subscription growth for Sirius XM Holdings satellite radio service has come from purchasers and lessees of new and used automobiles in the U.S., and Sirius XM Holdings expects this to be an important source of subscribers for its satellite radio service in the future. Sirius XM Holdings has agreements with major automakers to include satellite radios in new vehicles, although these agreements do not require automakers to install specific or minimum quantities of radios in any given period. These agreements also require automakers to provide Sirius XM Holdings data on sales of satellite radio enabled vehicles, including in many cases the consumer s name and address. Sirius XM Holdings business could be adversely affected if automakers do not continue to include its Sirius XM service in their products or provide Sirius XM Holdings with such data. Automotive production and sales are dependent on many factors, including the availability of vehicle components, consumer credit, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and fuel costs. To the extent vehicle sales by automakers decline, or the penetration of factory-installed satellite radios in those vehicles is reduced, subscriber growth for Sirius XM Holdings satellite radio service may be adversely impacted. Sales of used vehicles represent a significant source of new subscribers for Sirius XM Holdings satellite radio service. Sirius XM Holdings has agreements with auto dealers and companies operating in the used vehicle market to provide it with data on sales of used satellite radio enabled vehicles, including in many cases the consumer s name and address. The continuing availability of this data is important and the loss of such data may harm its revenue and business. Failure of Sirius XM Holdings satellites would significantly damage its business. The lives of the satellites required to operate the Sirius XM service vary depending on a number of factors, including: degradation and durability of solar panels; quality of construction; random failure of satellite components, which could result in significant damage to or loss of a satellite; amount of fuel the satellite consumes; the performance of third parties that manage the operation of its satellites; and damage or destruction as a result of electrostatic storms, terrorist attacks, collisions with other objects in space or other events, such as nuclear detonations, occurring in space. 
 In the ordinary course of operation, satellites experience failures of component parts and operational and performance anomalies. Components on several of Sirius XM Holdings in-orbit satellites have failed, and from time to time it has experienced anomalies in the operation and performance of these satellites. These failures and anomalies are expected to continue in the ordinary course, and Sirius XM Holdings cannot predict if any of these possible future events will have a material adverse effect on its operations or the life of its existing in-orbit satellites. In addition, the Sirius network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single third-party satellite. The XM network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single XM satellite. If the satellites communicating with the applicable repeater network fail unexpectedly, the services would be disrupted for several hours or longer. Any material failure of Sirius XM Holdings operating satellites could cause it to lose customers for its Sirius XM service and could materially harm its reputation and its operating results. Sirius XM Holdings does not have insurance 
 I-37 

Table of Contents 
 for its in-orbit satellites. Additional information regarding Sirius XM Holdings fleet of satellites is contained in the section entitled Item 1. Business Sirius XM Holdings Satellites, Terrestrial Repeaters and Other Satellite Facilities of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Sirius XM service may experience harmful interference from wireless operations. The development of applications and services in spectrum adjacent to the frequencies licensed to Sirius XM Holdings, as well as the combination of signals in other frequencies, may cause harmful interference to its satellite radio service in certain areas of the U.S. Certain operations or combination of operations permitted by the FCC in spectrum, other than Sirius XM Holdings licensed frequencies, results in the loss of signal to its service, and the reception of its satellite radio service can be adversely affected in certain areas. Elimination of this interference may not be possible in all cases. In other cases, Sirius XM Holdings efforts to reduce this interference may require extensive engineering efforts and additions to its terrestrial infrastructure. These mitigation efforts may be costly and take several years to implement and may not be entirely effective. In certain cases, Sirius XM Holdings is dependent on the FCC to assist it in preventing harmful interference to its service. Pandora s ad-supported business has suffered a substantial and consistent loss of monthly active users, which may adversely affect its business. The number of monthly active users to Sirius XM Holdings ad-supported Pandora business has declined consistently for several years, including in 2022, and is likely to further contract in the future. The size of Sirius XM Holdings ad-supported listener base is an important element of its Pandora business. The decline in Sirius XM Holdings listener base has resulted in fewer listener hours and available advertising spots on its Pandora service, which ultimately may result in declines in advertising revenue, and adversely affect its Pandora business. The contraction of Sirius XM Holdings ad-supported listener base also decreases the size of demographic groups targeted by advertisers, which may hurt Sirius XM Holdings ability to deliver advertising in a manner that maximizes advertisers return on investment and compete with other streaming advertising platforms. Pandora generates a significant portion of its revenue from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers could harm its business. Pandora currently generates a majority of its revenue from third parties advertising on its ad-supported service. As is common in the audio entertainment industry, Pandora s advertisers do not have long-term advertising commitments with Pandora and can terminate their contracts at any time. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have affected, and may in the future affect, the demand for audio advertising, resulting in fluctuations in the amounts advertisers spend on advertising, which could harm Sirius XM Holdings financial condition and operating results. Sirius XM Holdings failure to convince advertisers of the benefits of its Pandora ad-supported service could harm its business. Sirius XM Holdings ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately to sell its advertising inventory, depends on a number of factors, including: the number of listener hours on the Pandora ad-supported service, particularly the number of listener hours attributable to high-value demographics; keeping pace with changes in technology and its competitors, some of which have significant influence over the distribution of the Pandora app; competing effectively for advertising with other dominant online services, such as Spotify, Google and Facebook, as well as other marketing and media outlets; 
 I-38 

Table of Contents 
 successfully competing for local radio advertising; demonstrating the ability of advertisements to reach targeted audiences, including the value of mobile digital advertising; ensuring that new ad formats and ad product offerings are attractive to advertisers and that inventory management decisions (such as changes to ad load, frequency, prominence and quality of ads that Sirius XM Holdings serves listeners) do not have a negative impact on listener hours; and adapting to technologies designed to block the display of its ads. 
 Advertisers may leave Sirius XM Holdings for competing alternatives at any time. Failure to demonstrate to advertisers the value of its Pandora service would result in reduced spending by, or loss of, advertisers, which would harm its revenue and business. If Sirius XM Holdings is unable to maintain revenue growth from its advertising products, its results of operations will be adversely affected. In order to effectively monetize listener hours, Sirius XM Holdings must, among other things, penetrate local advertising markets and develop compelling ad product solutions. The substantial majority of the total listening to the Pandora service occurs on mobile devices. Sirius XM Holdings is engaged in efforts to continue to convince advertisers of the capabilities and value of mobile digital advertising and to direct an increasing portion of their advertising spend to its ad-supported Pandora service. Sirius XM Holdings is continuing to build its sales capability to penetrate local advertising markets, which places Sirius XM Holdings in competition with terrestrial radio. Sirius XM Holdings may not be able to capture an increasing share of local and audio advertising revenue, which may have an adverse impact on its future revenue. Changes to mobile operating systems and browsers may hinder Sirius XM Holdings ability to sell advertising and market its services. Sirius XM Holdings uses shared common device identifiers that are universal in the advertising technology ecosystem, such as Apple s Identifier for Advertisers, a random device identifier assigned by Apple to a user's device. Sirius XM Holdings uses these common device identifiers for targeting, advertising effectiveness and measurement for the Pandora s advertising business and for Pandora s consumer marketing purposes. These common device identifiers enable Sirius XM Holdings to match audiences, including with second- and third-party data providers and measurement vendors and enhance Pandora s advertising targeting segments with additional data. In its programmatic advertising business, Sirius XM Holdings uses common identifiers for several important functions, such as targeting and bidding. Sirius XM Holdings also uses common device identifiers to evaluate the success of its Pandora brand consumer marketing campaigns. Apple, as well as mobile operating system and browser providers, have implemented product features and plans that may adversely impact Sirius XM Holdings ability to use these common identifiers and data collected in connection with these common identifiers in its Pandora business. If Sirius XM Holdings fails to accurately predict and play music, comedy or other content that its Pandora listeners enjoy, it may fail to retain existing and attract new listeners. A key differentiating factor between the Pandora service and other music content providers is its ability to predict music that its listeners will enjoy. The effectiveness of Sirius XM Holdings personalized playlist generating system depends, in part, on its ability to gather and effectively analyze large amounts of listener data and feedback. Sirius XM Holdings may not continue to be successful in enticing listeners to its Pandora service to give a thumbs-up or thumbs-down to enough songs to effectively predict and select new and existing songs. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings ability to offer listeners songs that they have not previously heard and impart a sense of discovery depends on its ability to acquire and appropriately categorize additional tracks that will appeal to its listeners diverse and changing tastes. Many of Sirius 
 I-39 

Table of Contents 
 XM Holdings competitors currently have larger music and content catalogs than it offers and they may be more effective in providing their listeners with an appealing listener experience. Sirius XM Holdings also provides comedy and podcast content on its Pandora service, and it tries to predict what its listeners will enjoy using technology similar to the technology that it uses to generate personalized playlists for music. The risks that apply to Sirius XM Holdings ability to satisfy its listeners musical tastes apply to comedy, podcasts and other content to an even greater extent, particularly since Sirius XM Holdings does not yet have as large a data set on listener preferences for comedy, podcasts and other content, and have a smaller catalog of such content as compared to music. Sirius XM Holdings ability to predict and select music, comedy, podcasts and other content that its listeners enjoy is important to the perceived value of its Pandora service to consumers and the failure to make accurate predictions would adversely affect its ability to attract and retain subscribers and listeners, increase listener hours and sell advertising. Privacy and data security laws and regulations may hinder Sirius XM Holdings ability to market its services, sell advertising and impose legal liabilities. Sirius XM Holdings receives a substantial amount of personal data on purchasers and lessees of new and used vehicles from third parties. Sirius XM Holdings uses this personal data to market its services. Sirius XM Holdings collects and uses demographic, service usage, purchase history and other information, including location information, from and about its listeners through the internet. Further, Sirius XM Holdings and third parties use tracking technologies, including cookies and related technologies, to help it manage and track its listeners interactions with its services and deliver relevant advertising. Various federal and state laws and regulations, as well as the laws of foreign jurisdictions, govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of the personal data Sirius XM Holdings receives. Privacy groups and government authorities have increasingly scrutinized the ways in which companies collect and share personal data, including linking personal identities and data associated with particular users or devices with data collected through the internet, and Sirius XM Holdings expects such scrutiny to increase. Alleged violations of laws and regulations relating to privacy and personal data may expose Sirius XM Holdings to potential liability, may require Sirius XM Holdings to expend significant resources in responding to and defending such allegations and claims and could in the future result in negative publicity and a loss of confidence in Sirius XM Holdings by its subscribers, listeners, advertisers and other third parties with whom it does business. Privacy-related laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the European General Data Protection Regulation, are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. Various federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies as well as foreign legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current or enact new laws regarding privacy and data security-related matters. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and contractual obligations, as well as changes in Sirius XM Holdings listeners expectations and demands regarding privacy and data security, may limit its ability to collect and use consumer data. Restrictions on Sirius XM Holdings ability to receive, collect and use consumer data could limit its ability to attract and retain subscribers and listeners to its services. In addition, restrictions on Sirius XM Holdings ability to collect, access and process listener data, or to use or disclose listener data or profiles that it develops using such data, could limit Sirius XM Holdings ability to market its content and services to its potential listeners and offer targeted advertising opportunities to its advertisers, each of which are important to its business. Increased regulation of personal data utilization practices and compliance administration could increase Sirius XM Holdings costs of operation or otherwise adversely affect its business. Consumer protection laws and Sirius XM Holdings failure to comply with them could damage its business. Federal and state consumer protection laws, rules and regulations cover nearly all aspects of Sirius XM Holdings marketing efforts, including the content of its advertising, the terms of consumer offers and the manner in which it communicates with consumers. A number of governmental authorities have commenced investigations into Sirius XM Holdings consumer practices, including the manner in which it allows consumers to cancel subscriptions to its services. The nature of Sirius XM Holdings business requires it to expend significant resources to try to ensure that its marketing 
 I-40 

Table of Contents 
 activities comply with consumer protection laws, including laws relating to telemarketing activities and privacy. These efforts may not be successful and Sirius XM Holdings may have to expend even greater resources in its compliance efforts. Modifications to consumer protection laws, including decisions by courts and administrative agencies interpreting these laws, could have an adverse impact on Sirius XM Holdings ability to attract and retain subscribers and listeners to its services. There can be no assurance that new laws or regulations will not be enacted or adopted, preexisting laws or regulations will not be more strictly enforced or that its operations will comply with all applicable laws, which could have an adverse impact on its operations and financial condition. Failure to comply with FCC requirements could damage Sirius XM Holdings business. Sirius XM Holdings holds FCC licenses and authorizations to operate commercial satellite radio services in the U.S., including satellites, terrestrial repeaters, and related authorizations. The FCC generally grants licenses and authorizations for a fixed term. Although Sirius XM Holdings expects its licenses and authorizations to be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. Any assignment or transfer of control of any of Sirius XM Holdings FCC licenses or authorizations must be approved in advance by the FCC. The operation of Sirius XM Holdings satellite radio systems is subject to significant regulation by the FCC under authority granted through the Communications Act of 1934 and related federal law. Sirius XM Holdings is required, among other things, to operate only within specified frequencies; to coordinate its satellite radio services with radio systems operating in the same range of frequencies in neighboring countries; and to coordinate its communications links to its satellites with other systems that operate in the same frequency band. Noncompliance by Sirius XM Holdings with these requirements or other conditions or with other applicable FCC rules and regulations could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other detrimental FCC actions. There is no guarantee that Congress will not modify the statutory framework governing Sirius XM Holdings services, or that the FCC will not modify its rules and regulations in a manner that would have an adverse impact on Sirius XM Holdings operations. If Sirius XM Holdings fails to protect the security of personal information about its customers, it could be subject to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and its reputation could suffer. The nature of Sirius XM Holdings business involves the receipt and storage of personal information about its subscribers and listeners including, in many cases, credit and debit card information. Sirius XM Holdings has a program in place to detect and respond to data security incidents. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data systems are constantly evolving and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Sirius XM Holdings may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access to data pertaining to its customers, including credit card and debit card information and other personally identifiable information. Sirius XM Holdings services, which are supported by its own systems and those of third-party vendors, could be subject to computer malware and attacks, as well as to catastrophic events (such as fires, floods, hurricanes or tornadoes), any of which could lead to system interruptions, delays, or shutdowns, causing loss of critical data or the unauthorized access to personally identifiable information. If Sirius XM Holdings fails to protect the security of personal information about its customers or if an actual or perceived breach of security occurs on its systems or a vendor s systems, Sirius XM Holdings could be exposed to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and its reputation could suffer. Sirius XM Holdings may also be required to expend significant resources to address these problems, including notification under various data privacy regulations, and its reputation and operating results could suffer. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings subscribers and listeners, as well as potential customers, could lose confidence in its ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue the use of Sirius XM Holdings services. This loss of confidence would also harm Sirius XM Holdings efforts to attract and retain advertisers and to obtain personal information from third parties, and unauthorized access to its programming would potentially create additional royalty expense with no corresponding revenue. Such events could adversely affect its results of operations. The costs of maintaining adequate protection, including insurance protection, against such threats as they develop in the future (or as legal requirements related to data security increase) could be material. 
 I-41 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, hardware, software, or applications Sirius XM Holdings develops or procures from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to Sirius XM Holdings systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom it does business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceiving its employees, contractors or other agents. Sirius XM Holdings may not be able to effectively control the unauthorized actions of third parties who may have access to the data it collects. Sirius XM Holdings may integrate the Pandora service with apps provided by third parties. In such case, Sirius XM Holdings may not be able to control such third parties use of listeners data, ensure their compliance with the terms of its contracts and privacy policies, or prevent unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, information, any of which could expose Sirius XM Holdings to potential liability and negative publicity and could cause its listeners and advertisers to discontinue use of its services. To date, Sirius XM Holdings is not aware that it has had a significant cyber-attack or breach that has had a material impact on its business or results of operations. Sirius XM Holdings has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive, confidential and personal data, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. Additionally, Sirius XM Holdings has increased its monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and timely response to potential security anomalies. The cyber security measures Sirius XM Holdings has implemented, however, may not be sufficient to prevent all possible attacks and may be vulnerable to hacking, employee error, ransom attacks, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. Further, the development and maintenance of these measures are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Interruption or failure of Sirius XM Holdings information technology and communications systems could impair the delivery of its service and harm its business. Sirius XM Holdings relies on systems housed at its own premises and at those of third party vendors to enable subscribers and listeners to access its Pandora and Sirius XM services in a dependable and efficient manner. Any degradation in the quality, or any failure, of Sirius XM Holdings systems could reduce its revenue, cause it to lose customers and damage its brands. Although Sirius XM Holdings has implemented practices designed to maintain the availability of the information technology systems it relies on and mitigate the harm of any unplanned interruptions, Sirius XM Holdings cannot anticipate all eventualities. Sirius XM Holdings occasionally experience unplanned outages or technical difficulties. Sirius XM Holdings could also experience loss of data or processing capabilities, which could cause it to lose customers and could harm its reputation and operating results. Sirius XM Holdings relies on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and service providers to take, fulfill and handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of Sirius XM Holdings internal or external systems could prevent it from servicing customers or cause data to be unintentionally disclosed. Sirius XM Holdings services have experienced, and are expected to continue to experience, periodic service interruptions and delays involving its own systems and those of its vendors. Sirius XM Holdings data centers and its information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses or other attempts to harm its systems. The occurrence of any of these events could result in interruptions in Sirius XM Holdings services and unauthorized access to, or alteration of, the content and data contained on its systems and that these third-party vendors store and deliver on its behalf. Damage or interruption to Sirius XM Holdings data centers and information technology and communications centers could expose it to data loss or manipulation, disruption of service, monetary and reputational damages, competitive disadvantage and significant increases in compliance costs and costs to improve the security and resiliency of its computer systems. The compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information could also subject Sirius XM Holdings to legal liability or regulatory action under evolving cybersecurity, data protection and privacy laws and regulations enacted 
 I-42 

Table of Contents 
 by the U.S. federal and state governments or other foreign jurisdictions or by various regulatory organizations. As a result, Sirius XM Holdings ability to conduct its business and its results of operations might be adversely affected. The market for music rights is changing and is subject to significant uncertainties. Sirius XM Holdings must maintain music programming royalty arrangements with, and pay license fees to, owners of rights in musical works in order to operate its services. Traditionally, BMI, ASCAP, SESAC and GMR have negotiated for these copyright users, collected royalties and distributed them to songwriters and music publishers. These traditional arrangements are changing. The fracturing of the traditional system for licensing rights in musical works may have significant consequences to Sirius XM Holdings business, including increasing licensing costs and reducing the availability of certain pieces for use on its services. Under the Copyright Act, Sirius XM Holdings also must pay royalties to copyright owners of sound recordings for the performance of such sound recordings on its Sirius XM service. Those royalty rates may be established through negotiation or, if negotiation is unsuccessful, by the CRB. Owners of copyrights in sound recordings have created SoundExchange, a collective organization, to collect and distribute royalties. SoundExchange is exempt by statute from certain U.S. antitrust laws and exercises significant market power in the licensing of sound recordings. Under the terms of the CRB s existing decision governing sound recording royalties for satellite radio, Sirius XM Holdings is required to pay a royalty based on its gross revenue associated with its satellite radio service, subject to certain exclusions, of 15.5 per year through December 31, 2027. Pandora s services depend upon maintaining complex licenses with copyright owners, and these licenses contain onerous terms. Pandora has direct license agreements with many sound recording copyright and musical work copyright owners. These agreements grant Sirius XM Holdings the right to operate Pandora Premium, and add interactive features, such as replays, additional skips and offline play, to Pandora s ad-supported service and to Pandora Plus. The economic terms of these direct licenses are onerous and, as a result, Sirius XM Holdings may not be able to profitably operate the Pandora services. However, the economic terms of these direct licenses may be market, given the rates paid by Pandora s competitors. Competition for Pandora s services are primarily offered by entities that provide music and entertainment services as a small part of a larger business, such as Apple, Google and Amazon. These competitors have the ability to bear these onerous economic provisions to a much greater extent than the Pandora business. Sirius XM Holdings may not be able to negotiate or obtain lower royalty rates under these direct licenses. These direct licenses are complex. Sirius XM Holdings may not be in compliance with the terms of these licenses, which could result in the loss of some or all of these licenses and some or all of the rights they convey. Similarly, many of these licenses provide that if the licensor loses rights in a portion of the content licensed under the agreement, that content may be removed from the license going-forward. If Pandora fails to maintain these direct licenses, or if rights to certain music were no longer available under these licenses, then Sirius XM Holdings may have to remove the affected music from Pandora s services, or discontinue certain interactive features for such music, and it might become commercially impractical for Sirius XM Holdings to operate Pandora Premium, Pandora Plus or certain features of its advertising supported service. Any of these occurrences could have an adverse effect on Sirius XM Holdings business, financial condition and results of operations. Several of these direct licenses also include provisions related to the terms of those agreements relative to other content licensing arrangements, which are commonly referred to as most favored nation clauses. These provisions have caused, and may in the future cause, Sirius XM Holdings payments under those agreements to escalate substantially. In addition, many record labels, music publishers and performing rights organizations have the right to audit Sirius XM s royalty payments, and these audits often result in disputes over whether it has paid the proper amounts. As a result of such audits, Sirius XM Holdings could be required to pay additional amounts, audit fees and interest or penalties, and the amounts involved could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 I-43 

Table of Contents 
 There is no guarantee that these direct licenses will be renewed in the future or that such licenses will be available on the economic terms associated with the current licenses. If Sirius XM Holdings is unable to secure and maintain direct licenses for the rights to provide music on its Pandora services on terms similar to those under its current direct licenses, Sirius XM Holdings content costs could rise and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. The rates Sirius XM Holdings must pay for mechanical rights to use musical works on its Pandora service have increased substantially and these rates may adversely affect its business. Pandora has direct licenses with thousands of music publishers. Those licenses provide that the royalty rate for reproduction rights or mechanical rights , which are required to offer the interactive features of its Pandora services, are determined by the rate formula set by the CRB for the compulsory license made available by Section 115 of the Copyright Act. These royalty rates also apply to Pandora s use of musical works for which Sirius XM Holdings does not have a direct license with the copyright owners. The CRB significantly increased the rates for these rights for the period commencing January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2022, and the participating music publishers and digital music services, including Pandora, have reached a settlement for the period commencing January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2027 which will further significantly increase these rates. These higher rates for mechanical rights may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of Pandora. Failure to protect Sirius XM Holdings intellectual property or actions by third-parties to enforce their intellectual property rights could substantially harm its business and operating results. Development of Sirius XM Holdings systems has depended upon the intellectual property that it has developed, as well as intellectual property licensed from third parties. If the intellectual property that Sirius XM Holdings has developed or used is not adequately protected, others will be permitted to and may duplicate portions of its systems or services without liability. In addition, others may challenge, invalidate, render unenforceable or circumvent Sirius XM Holdings intellectual property rights, patents or existing licenses or it may face significant legal costs in connection with defending and enforcing those intellectual property rights. Some of the know-how and technology Sirius XM Holdings has developed, and plans to develop, is not now, nor will it be, covered by U.S. patents or trade secret protections. Trade secret protection and contractual agreements may not provide adequate protection if there is any unauthorized use or disclosure. The loss of necessary technologies could require Sirius XM Holdings to substitute technologies of lower quality performance standards, at greater cost or on a delayed basis, which could harm Sirius XM Holdings. Other parties may have patents or pending patent applications, which will later mature into patents or inventions that may block or put limits on Sirius XM Holdings ability to operate its system or license its technologies. Sirius XM Holdings may have to resort to litigation to enforce its rights under license agreements or to determine the scope and validity of other parties proprietary rights in the subject matter of those licenses. This may be expensive and Sirius XM Holdings may not succeed in any such litigation. Third parties may assert claims or bring suit against Sirius XM Holdings for patent, trademark or copyright infringement, or for other infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights. Any such litigation could be costly, divert Sirius XM s efforts from its business, subject it to significant liabilities to third parties, require it to seek licenses from third parties, block its ability to operate its services or license its technology, or otherwise adversely affect its ability to successfully develop and market its services. Some of Sirius XM Holdings services and technologies may use open source software, which may restrict how Sirius XM Holdings uses or distributes its services or require that it release the source code subject to those licenses. Sirius XM Holdings may incorporate in some products software licensed under open source licenses. Open source licenses often require that the source code be made available to the public and that any modifications or derivative works to the open source software continue to be licensed under open source licenses. Few courts have interpreted open source licenses, and the manner in which these licenses may be interpreted and enforced is therefore subject to uncertainty. In the event that portions of Sirius XM Holdings proprietary technology are determined to be subject to an open source 
 I-44 

Table of Contents 
 license, Sirius XM Holdings may be required to publicly release portions of its source code, be forced to re-engineer all or a portion of its technologies, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of its technologies, each of which could adversely affect its ability to sustain and grow its business. Rapid technological and industry changes and new entrants could adversely impact Sirius XM Holdings services. The audio entertainment industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent product and feature innovations, changes in customer requirements and expectations, evolving standards and new entrants offering products and services. If Sirius XM Holdings is unable to keep pace with these changes, its business may not succeed. Products using new technologies could make Sirius XM Holdings services less competitive in the marketplace. Sirius XM Holdings has a significant amount of indebtedness, and its debt contains certain covenants that restrict its operations. As of December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings had an aggregate principal amount of approximately 9.5 billion of indebtedness outstanding. Sirius XM Holdings indebtedness increases its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; requires it to dedicate a portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness, reducing the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, marketing and other general corporate activities; limits its ability to borrow additional funds; and may limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the audio entertainment industry. If Sirius XM Holdings is unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, its business could be harmed. Sirius XM Holdings believes that its success depends on its continued ability to attract and retain qualified management, sales, technical and other personnel. All of Sirius XM Holdings employees, including its executive officers, are free to terminate their employment with Sirius XM Holdings at any time, and their knowledge of its business may be difficult to replace. Qualified individuals are in high demand, particularly in the media and technology industries, and Sirius XM Holdings may incur significant costs to attract and retain employees. If Sirius XM Holdings is unable to attract and retain its key employees, it may not be able to achieve its objectives, and its business could be harmed. Sirius XM Holdings facilities could be damaged by natural catastrophes or terrorist activities. An earthquake, hurricane, tornado, flood, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, civil unrest or other catastrophic event could damage Sirius XM Holdings data centers, studios, terrestrial repeater networks or satellite uplink facilities, interrupt its services and harm its business. Sirius XM Holdings also has significant operations in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. Natural disasters and adverse weather conditions can be caused or exacerbated by climate change. Any damage to the satellites that transmit to Sirius XM Holdings terrestrial repeater networks would likely result in degradation of the affected service for some Sirius XM subscribers and could result in complete loss of Sirius XM satellite service in certain or all areas. Damage to Sirius XM Holdings satellite uplink facilities could result in a complete loss of its Sirius XM satellite service until it could transfer operations to suitable back-up facilities. The unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation could have an adverse impact on Sirius XM Holdings operations and financial condition. Sirius XM Holdings is party to several legal proceedings arising out of various aspects of its business, including possible class actions arising out of its marketing practices. The outcome of these proceedings may not be favorable, and one or more unfavorable outcomes could have an adverse impact on its financial condition. 
 I-45 

Table of Contents 
 Sirius XM Holdings may be exposed to liabilities that other entertainment service providers would not customarily be subject to. Sirius XM Holdings designs, establishes specifications, sources or specifies parts and components, and manages various aspects of the logistics of the production of satellite radios and its apps. As a result of these activities, Sirius XM Holdings may be exposed to liabilities associated with the design, manufacture and distribution of radios and apps that the providers of an entertainment service would not customarily be subject to, such as liabilities for design defects, patent infringement and compliance with applicable laws, as well as the costs of returned product. Sirius XM Holdings business and prospects depend on the strength of its brands. Maintaining and enhancing Sirius XM Holdings brands is an important part of its strategy to expand its base of subscribers, listeners and advertisers. Sirius XM Holdings brands may be impaired by a number of factors, including service outages, data privacy and security issues and exploitation of its trademarks by others without permission. Sirius XM Holdings ability to maintain and enhance its brands also depends in part on its ability to continue to develop and provide an innovative and high-quality entertainment experience, which Sirius XM Holdings may not do successfully. Other Risks Relating to the Liberty SiriusXM Group We do not have the right to manage our business affiliate, Live Nation, which means we are not able to cause it to operate in a manner that is favorable to us. We do not have the right to manage the businesses or affairs of our business affiliate Live Nation, which currently is attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Rather, our rights take the form of representation on the board of directors and board committees. Although our board representation rights may enable us to exercise influence over the management or policies of Live Nation, they will not enable us to cause Live Nation to take any actions we believe are favorable to us (such as paying dividends or distributions). Our equity method investment in Live Nation may have a material impact on net earnings of Liberty and the Liberty SiriusXM Group. We have a significant investment in Live Nation that currently is attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, which we account for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, we report our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of our equity affiliates in our statement of operations under share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, which contributes to our earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes. Due to the impact of COVID-19, Live Nation recorded significant losses during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. If the earnings or losses of Live Nation are material in any year, those earnings or losses may have a material effect on our net earnings or losses and those attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Notwithstanding the impact on our net earnings or losses and those attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, we do not have the ability to cause Live Nation to pay dividends or make other payments or advances to its stockholders, including us. In addition, our investment in Live Nation is in publicly traded securities, which is not reflected at fair value on our balance sheet and is subject to market risk that is not directly reflected in our statement of operations. The business of Live Nation is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including many of which are similar to those above with respect to Sirius XM Holdings, such as: Sirius XM Holdings faces substantial competition and that competition is likely to increase over time; Sirius XM Holdings relies on third parties for the operation of its business, and the failure of third parties to perform could adversely affect its business; If Sirius XM Holdings fails to protect the security of personal information about its customers, it could be subject to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and its reputation could suffer; 
 I-46 

Table of Contents 
 Interruption or failure of Sirius XM Holdings information technology and communications systems could impair the delivery of its service and harm its business; and Failure to protect Sirius XM Holdings intellectual property or actions by third-parties to enforce their intellectual property rights could substantially harm its business and operating results. 
 Risks Relating to the Formula One Group Risks Relating to the Formula 1 Business There could be a decline in the popularity of Formula 1, which may have a material adverse effect on Formula 1 s ability to exploit its commercial rights to the World Championship. The success of Formula 1 s business and its ability to profitably renew or enter into beneficial new commercial arrangements, including race promotion, media rights and sponsorship contracts, is largely dependent upon the continued popularity of the World Championship. Similarly, the sponsorship and other revenue generation of the Teams are dependent on such continued popularity and, if such revenue decreased, it may impact their ability or willingness to continue participating in the World Championship. The popularity of Formula 1, globally and in particular countries and regions, may be influenced by competition from any rival championship and other forms of motor sport or similar entertainment which challenge Formula 1 s position and reputation as the pinnacle of world motor sport, the continued participation of the leading Teams, the perceived entertainment value of the World Championship, changes in societal views on automobiles more generally and an unfavorable economic climate which may discourage fans from attending Events or make it more difficult to expand into new markets, all of which could change rapidly and cannot be predicted. See Rival motor sport events could be established involving existing Teams or different teams, or existing Teams may divert their resources to participate in another motor sport event, which could lead to fewer Teams and race circuits being involved in Formula 1, or a Team s primary engagement in motor sport being in another motor sport event, either of which could diminish the competitive position of Formula 1 . Formula 1 also faces stiff competition from other live sporting events, and with sporting events delivered over television networks, radio, the Internet and online services, mobile applications and other alternative sources, as well as from the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure activities. Formula 1 competes for attendance, viewership and advertising with a wide range of alternatives, such as top flight soccer leagues in many of its non-U.S. markets. As a result of the large number of options available, Formula 1 faces strong competition for the attention of sports fans. Further, a scandal which undermines the credibility of the sport, such as a race fixing scandal, or accident could also impact the popularity of Formula 1. In particular regions, the popularity of the World Championship varies depending upon the participation and performance of drivers and Teams from that region. There is no assurance that Formula 1 will be able to compete effectively with other forms of sports or entertainment or that the World Championship will maintain its popularity either globally or in any particular country or region. Any decrease in the continued popularity of the World Championship may affect Formula 1 s ability to enter into or renew race promotion, media rights, advertising, sponsorship or other commercial agreements which may materially adversely affect Formula 1 s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and in turn materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. Termination of the 100-Year Agreements could cause Formula 1 to discontinue its operations. Under the 100-Year Agreements, entered into by Formula 1 and the FIA in 2001, Formula 1 was granted an exclusive license with respect to all of the commercial rights to the World Championship, including its trademarks. This license, which took effect on January 1, 2011 and expires on December 31, 2110, maintains Formula 1 s exclusive commercial rights to the World Championship which Formula 1 held under previous agreements with the FIA, among other things. The license under the 100-Year Agreements is critical to the ongoing operation of Formula 1 s business. Formula 1 s rights under these agreements can be terminated by the FIA if Formula 1 materially breaches the relevant agreements (with certain of such breaches subject to certain cure rights), undergoes an unpermitted change of control, interferes with certain of the FIA s rights under the 100-Year Agreements or experiences certain insolvency events. If Formula 1 s license under the 100-Year Agreements was terminated in accordance with its terms or the FIA or another person successfully challenged the validity of that license (or the 100-Year Agreements as a whole), it could cause Formula 1 to discontinue its operations, lead to the termination of substantially all of Formula 1 s commercial contracts, 
 I-47 

Table of Contents 
 prevent Formula 1 from exploiting the commercial rights to the World Championship and require Formula 1 to discontinue use of the World Championship trademarks and other intellectual property rights, which would materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. Teams may, in certain circumstances, terminate their existing commitment to participate in the World Championship until (and including) 2025 or breach their obligations and withdraw. Formula 1 s ability to effectively stage the World Championship depends on the ongoing involvement of its participants. Pursuant to the 2021 Concorde Agreement, each of the current 10 Teams have committed to participate in the World Championship until December 31, 2025, subject to earlier termination upon the occurrence of certain events. Formula 1 cannot provide assurance that any of the Teams will commit to participate in the World Championship beyond 2025, or that the FIA will enter into a subsequent Concorde Agreement beyond 2030. If any of the current Teams cease to participate in the World Championship, Formula 1 may attempt to encourage new entrants to the World Championship; however, there is no assurance Formula 1 will be able to do this. If such Teams were not replaced, it could result in fewer competitors in the World Championship as compared to recent seasons which may impact the perceived entertainment value of Events. In addition, any negotiation for an extension to the term of the Team Agreements or the Concorde Arrangements could result in less favorable terms to Formula 1. Even if a Team has committed to participate in the World Championship it may be able to exercise termination rights under the 2021 Concorde Agreement in certain circumstances and withdraw. For additional information regarding the 2021 Concorde Agreement, see Item 1. Business Formula 1 Key Commercial Agreements Key Provisions . A lesser number of teams may reduce the popularity of Formula 1 which may affect its ability to enter into or renew race promotion, media rights, advertising, sponsorship or other commercial agreements, which may materially and adversely affect Formula 1 s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and in turn may materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. The FIA may take actions which are not in Formula 1 s interest. The FIA is the governing body of the World Championship and a party to the 100-Year Agreements and the 2013 Concorde Implementation Agreement. In its capacity as the governing body of the World Championship, the FIA must place safety and other sporting concerns over Formula 1 s commercial interests. As a result, the FIA may take actions with respect to safety and sporting standards and regulations which conflict with Formula 1 s interests as the commercial rights holder, including by increasing the cost to Teams of participating in the World Championship, diminishing the visual and sonic spectacle of Events, imposing fines on or excluding Teams, cancelling or delaying an Event, withholding approval for the staging of an Event, a new circuit or Formula 1 s proposed season calendar or establishing regulations without the support of the Teams. As a party to the 100-Year Agreements and the 2021 Concorde Governance Agreement, the FIA has certain rights, and the exercise or purported exercise of the FIA s rights thereunder may conflict with Formula 1 s interests. Any actions taken by the FIA which conflict with Formula 1 s interests may adversely impact Formula 1 s operations and revenue, and in turn may materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. Formula 1 may be subject to enforcement actions under competition laws. As further described in Item 1.Business Regulatory Matters Competition Laws and Formula 1 , following an investigation by the E.C. in 1999 in relation to Formula 1 s compliance with competition laws, Formula 1 modified certain of its business practices and changed the terms of a number of Formula 1 s commercial contracts. Following these modifications and changes, the E.C. issued two comfort letters to Formula 1 in October 2001 stating that Formula 1 was no longer under investigation. Comfort letters are not binding on the E.C. and if it believes there has been a material change in circumstances, it could take further enforcement action. The E.C. issued a press release in October 2003 stating that it was satisfied that Formula 1 had complied with the modified practices and terms that had led to its issuing its comfort letters and that it had ended its monitoring of Formula 1 s compliance. In adopting practices and concluding commercial contracts (including as to contracts with broadcasters (and the manner in which these rights are offered), contracts with Teams and contracts with promoters), Formula 1 takes into account the modified practices that formed the basis of the EC s comfort letters. 
 I-48 

Table of Contents 
 Formula 1 is also required to comply with general European Union and national competition laws, which require Formula 1 at all times to ensure its business practices and agreements are consistent with the operation of competitive markets. Failure to comply with the relevant practices, terms, laws and rules can give rise to challenges by the EC, national competition regulators and other interested parties. In addition, they could cause or deem certain of Formula 1 s commercial contracts (including the Team Agreements) to be unenforceable in whole or in part and/or require various terms (including duration, scope and exclusivity) to be modified, and/or Formula 1 could be liable for damages or other sanctions. Formula 1 has sought to adopt practices and conclude commercial contracts that take into account competition law as it applies to the specific nature of Formula 1 s sporting and entertainment businesses, Formula 1 s role within those businesses and the roles of the counterparties to Formula 1 s commercial contracts. However given the uncertainty of the law in this area, and the possibility of third parties instigating action, there is a risk of further E.C. investigations, challenges or proceedings against Formula 1. For example, two Teams made a complaint against Formula 1 to the E.C. in September 2015 regarding the distribution of the Prize Fund and current sporting governance arrangements (though Formula 1 rejected the complaint as being without merit and believed it was in any event, a commercial dispute and not one that involved any breach of competition law). Although this particular complaint was withdrawn by the two Teams in early 2018, for the reasons set out above, no assurance can be given that there will be no future E.C. investigations, challenges or proceedings regarding unasserted matters. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect Formula 1 s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which in turn could materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. Formula 1 may be unable to renew, replace or renegotiate on favorable terms one or more of Formula 1 s race promotion, media rights or sponsorship contracts. Formula 1 s race promotion, media rights and sponsorship contracts typically have terms of three to seven years, three to five years and three to five years, respectively, but may on occasion be of longer duration. When these contracts expire, Formula 1 may not be able to renew or replace them with contracts on similar terms or at all. Further, counterparties to our contracts may seek to terminate or renegotiate them, and we may not be able to replace terminated contracts with contracts on similar terms or at all or renegotiate contracts on terms that are as favorable to us. Formula 1 s ability to renew, replace or renegotiate its contracts on similar terms, or at all, is dependent on a number of factors which Formula 1 may not be able to control or predict including the popularity of Formula 1, the value of live sports rights generally, relevant regulations, economic conditions in the relevant countries and the spending capacity and priorities of Formula 1 s counterparties. Additionally, many of Formula 1 s race promotion and media rights contracts are directly or indirectly with, or guaranteed by, governmental bodies or agencies and a change in their spending capacity or priorities could impact Formula 1 s negotiations with them. A failure to renew, replace or renegotiate Formula 1 s existing contracts on similar or improved terms could result in, among other things, the cancellation of an Event, the payments Formula 1 receives decreasing, the term of the contracts being shortened, termination rights being granted to Formula 1 s counterparties and other contractual terms and conditions being introduced which could materially and adversely affect Formula 1 s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and in turn could materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. Formula 1 is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties to Formula 1 s key commercial contracts. Future payments under Formula 1 s core commercial contracts, including Formula 1 s race promotion, media rights and sponsorship contracts are typically made periodically over the course of several years. Formula 1 s ability to generate cash flow is heavily dependent on collecting amounts owed to it under these contracts. A change in the credit quality of one or more of Formula 1 s counterparties over the term of their contract with Formula 1 may increase the risk of non-payment. Certain of Formula 1 s counterparties are directly or indirectly governments or agencies thereof, some of which have recently experienced a deterioration in their credit quality. Formula 1 may also generally experience difficulties or be unable to recover payments owed to it by governments or agencies thereof because of their sovereign or semi-sovereign status. Additionally, an appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the functional currencies of Formula 1 s counterparties increases the risk of non-payment. See Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against the functional 
 I-49 

Table of Contents 
 currencies of Formula 1 s business and Formula 1 s counterparties business could adversely affect Formula 1 s profitability and the Formula One Group . The failure of one or more of Formula 1 s counterparties to pay outstanding amounts owed to it could have a material adverse effect on Formula 1 s cash flows and results of operation, and in turn could materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. Potential challenges by tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which Formula 1 operates could adversely affect Formula 1 s financial results and position and in turn, the Formula One Group. Formula 1 s taxes are based upon the applicable tax laws and tax rates in effect in the jurisdictions in which it operates and upon the nature of Formula 1 s business arrangements and activities with and in such jurisdictions. When computing its tax obligations in these jurisdictions, Formula 1 endeavors to apply national and international tax rules consistently and in accordance with generally accepted interpretations and practice. However, such rules, and their application to Formula 1 s business, may not be entirely clear in all cases and may be interpreted differently by the applicable tax authorities. There can be no assurance that, upon review of Formula 1 s positions, the applicable tax authorities will agree with such positions. If a tax authority successfully challenges Formula 1 s positions with respect to its business arrangements, intercompany pricing policies, or the taxable presence of subsidiaries in certain jurisdictions, or if Formula 1 loses a material tax dispute in any jurisdiction, then Formula 1 may be exposed to additional tax liabilities and penalties, which may adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and in turn may materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. Changes in tax laws could adversely affect Formula 1 and the Formula One Group. Formula 1 operates in various jurisdictions and is subject to changes in applicable tax laws, treaties or regulations in those jurisdictions. A material change in the tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation, of any jurisdiction with which Formula 1 does business, or in which Formula 1 has significant operations, could adversely affect Formula 1. For example, during October 2021, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD announced that 136 countries and tax jurisdictions have agreed to implement a new Two Pillar approach to international taxation. The first detailed draft rules under that approach were published in December 2021. Most countries are expected to introduce new rules in line with the Two Pillar approach for the first time in 2024, although different countries are likely to implement these changes at different times and in different ways, through their individual agreement to tax treaty changes and through changes to their own domestic tax laws. The first pillar will first establish a new taxing right for countries in which a business has a significant economic presence, even though it may not have the degree of physical presence in that country needed to establish a taxing right under existing tax treaties. This new taxing right is subject to several conditions, exclusions and exceptions, and will initially affect only multinational enterprises with global turnover above 20 billion euros. The second pillar will establish a Global Minimum Tax Rate of 15 , such that multinational enterprises with an effective tax rate in a jurisdiction below this minimum rate will need to pay additional tax, which could be collected by the parent company s tax authorities or by those in other countries, depending on whether and how each country implements the OECD s approach in its tax treaties and domestic tax legislation. Depending on how the jurisdictions in which Formula 1 operates, and those in which Liberty and its subsidiaries are based, choose to implement the OECD s approach in their tax treaties and domestic tax laws, Formula 1 could be adversely affected due to its income being taxed at higher effective rates, once these new rules come into force. Formula 1 may face difficulties expanding into new markets, including as a result of being unable to attract race promoters for new Events. Formula 1 has recently staged Events in a number of new markets and intends to explore further opportunities for expansion. Attracting the relevant race promoters to the World Championship in these markets on terms that are attractive to Formula 1 will be largely dependent on the popularity of the Formula 1 brand in these markets and Formula 1 s perceived ability to deliver the benefits that race promoters desire, such as publicity for the host city/region, economic 
 I-50 

Table of Contents 
 impact or tourism. See There could be a decline in the popularity of Formula 1 which may have a material adverse effect on Formula 1 s ability to exploit its commercial rights to the World Championship . Additionally, Formula 1 may have difficulties entering into agreements with race promoters that have the necessary resources and experience to obtain all the necessary FIA, governmental and sporting approvals and successfully stage an Event. Events in new markets also require significant investments in circuit infrastructure and other administrative costs by Formula 1 s race promoters which may not be recouped and may generate fees below those received from Formula 1 s Events staged in more developed markets. In addition, under the 2021 Concorde Agreement, the consent of 70 of the Teams is required if there are more than 24 Events in a season or if there are fewer than 8 Events across Europe and North America combined. See Item 1. Business Formula 1 Key Commercial Agreements Key Provisions . Also, under the 100-Year Agreements as amended by the 2013 Concorde Implementation Agreement, Formula 1 must obtain the FIA s approval to stage more than 25 Events (or beginning in 2031, more than 17 Events unless the FIA and Formula 1 make a new agreement on this point), and there is no assurance such approval will be obtained. Formula 1 s business is subject to laws and regulations including with respect to advertising, media rights and the environment, and changes in and judicial interpretations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on Formula 1 and the Formula One Group. Formula 1 s business is subject to laws and regulations including advertising, media rights, environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Such regimes are subject to periodic governmental review, legislative initiatives and judicial interpretations, any of which could adversely affect Formula 1 s business and its profitability. A substantial part of Formula 1 s, broadcasters and the Teams revenue come from sponsorship contracts. If new restrictions or bans on advertising specific products or services which are advertised in Formula 1 are introduced, it may reduce Formula 1 s or the Teams sponsorship revenue or advertising revenue of Formula 1 s broadcasters, which in turn may reduce the value of Formula 1 s media rights contracts and impact the Teams desire to continue participating in Formula 1. For example, advertising of alcohol is restricted in certain countries where Events are held. Advertising laws could also be introduced which prevent the broadcast of images which include a restricted brand, thereby preventing Formula 1 from licensing the television rights in an affected country. Additionally, as Formula 1 expands into new markets, local customs, practices and cultural sensitivities may require Formula 1 and the Teams to restrict advertising of certain products even if not required by law. Broadcasting laws could be introduced which require that Events be broadcast only on free-to-air television which would prevent Formula 1 from entering into pay television contracts in the relevant jurisdiction. Additionally, judicial decisions or other governmental action could interfere with the manner in which Formula 1 exploits its media rights, including in relation to Formula 1 s segmentation of such rights among different geographic regions. Environmental laws could also be introduced which place limits on engine design and Event activities. Motor sport has also been banned in certain countries. For example, Switzerland banned motor sport from 1955 to 2007 following an accident at the 24 Hours of Le Mans that killed spectators and a driver. A ban on motor sport in any country where Formula 1 holds an Event could result in a reduction in Formula 1 s revenue and as a consequence, may materially and adversely affect Formula 1 s business, financial condition and prospects, which in turn may materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. The new economic and security relationship between the U.K. and the E.U. following Brexit could have a material adverse effect on our business. Following the withdrawal of the U.K. from the E.U., commonly referred to as Brexit, the E.U. reached a trade agreement with the U.K. on the terms of its future cooperation with the E.U., effective as of January 1, 2021 (the Trade Agreement ). The Trade Agreement offers U.K. and E.U. companies preferential access to each other s markets, ensuring imported goods will be free of tariffs and quotas; however, economic relations between the U.K. and the E.U. are now more restricted than they were previously. The Trade Agreement does not incorporate the full scope of the services sector, and businesses such as banking and finance face a more uncertain future. The U.K. and E.U. concluded technical discussions on a separate memorandum of understanding in March 2021, creating a framework for dialogue between the U.K. and the E.U. on financial services regulation. 
 I-51 

Table of Contents 
 As Formula 1 operates its business principally through U.K.-based subsidiaries and a number of Events take place within the E.U., Brexit and the terms of the Trade Agreement may have negative impacts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We therefore continue to monitor any effects of Brexit and the Trade Agreement on our operations, and to identify appropriate mitigating actions to prevent significant disruption to our operations. Events beyond Formula 1 s control may cause one or more Events to be cancelled or postponed or prevent Formula 1 from providing an international television feed, each of which could result in the loss of revenue under Formula 1 s commercial contracts. An Event may have to be postponed or cancelled, or Formula 1 may be unable to provide an international television feed of an Event, due to factors beyond its control, including an inability to transport Formula 1 s and the Teams equipment to an Event, power failures, parties to our race promotion contracts terminating those contracts, embargoes or sanctions, cancellation of large-scale public events by a competent authority due to a security or terrorism risk, or outbreak of disease, which could result in the loss of revenue under Formula 1 s commercial contracts. Most recently, due to circumstances arising from Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the 2022 Russian Grand Prix was cancelled. During the 2021 and 2020 seasons, a numbers of Events were cancelled and/or replaced due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Whether a race promoter is required to pay Formula 1 the race promotion fee with respect to an Event that is cancelled due to any factor beyond the control of Formula 1 depends on the terms and provisions of the applicable promoter agreement. In addition, Formula 1 s broadcast contracts include a provision to reduce the fee payable to Formula 1 if there are fewer than a specified number of Events in a season for reasons other than a force majeure event. The minimum number of Events varies by broadcast contract but is typically between 14 and 16 Events. However, if an Event were to be cancelled due to the race promoter failing to meet its obligations under the race promotion contract, then Formula 1 may be entitled to indemnification from the race promoter for any lost media rights revenue. If an Event is not held, cancelled or does not receive international television coverage (for example, as a result of a technical problem), Formula 1 s fees under the relevant sponsorship contract are likely to be reduced unless the sponsorship contract allows Formula 1 to substitute another Event for the cancelled Event and Formula 1 does so. If an Event is cancelled, Formula 1 will also be required to refund amounts paid under other arrangements, including amounts paid for tickets to the Paddock Club, the principal high end corporate hospitality offering at certain Event weekends. Accidents during Events may cause losses that are not covered by insurance, disrupt an Event and cause Formula 1 reputational damage. Racing accidents occur in Formula 1 and its support races. The last racing accident to cause the death of a driver was in 2019 during a Formula 2 support race at the Belgian Grand Prix and there have also been two fatalities involving race marshals since 1994. Fatal accidents, particularly if they involve public spectators, could damage the reputation of Formula 1 and decrease its popularity, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Formula 1. Accidents can also result in the cancellation of a practice, a qualifying session or a race. Additionally, persons harmed in any accident could seek compensation from Formula 1. Formula 1 and its promoters purchase insurance coverage for each Event. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance policies will provide adequate coverage at all times and in all circumstances. If Formula 1 is held liable for damages beyond the scope of the insurance coverage available to Formula 1 (including the insurance contract procured by the race promoter to include coverage for Formula 1), Formula 1 s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, which in turn could materially adversely affect the Formula One Group. Terrorist acts during Events may cause Formula 1 damage and losses that are not covered by insurance. Formula 1 is a high profile sport with a global fan base and Events are attended by a large number of spectators. An Event, like any other major sporting event, could be the target of an actual or threatened terrorist act, either of which could disrupt Formula 1 and lead to the cancellation of Events, increase security requirements and result in a decline of spectator attendance at Events. Additionally, persons harmed in any terrorist act may attempt to seek compensation from Formula 1. The general risk of a terror attack has increased recently in a number of the countries in which Events are held. Formula 1 purchases annual insurance policies covering all Events, and individual race promoters purchase insurance coverage for their own Events under which Formula 1 is also covered, which provide coverage for third party liability 
 I-52 

Table of Contents 
 covering personal injury, equipment and property damage. However, there can be no assurance that this insurance will be adequate at all times and in all circumstances. Terrorism is expressly excluded from the public liability coverage arranged by the race promoters, although Formula 1 s own insurance policies cover both its broadcast and Event systems equipment and its employer and public liabilities exposures for terrorism risks. However, attacks involving an active assailant are not covered by insurance policies for terrorism, and would require supplemental coverage. If Formula 1 is held liable for damages beyond the scope of the insurance coverage (its own and that arranged by the race promoter) and/or is unable to obtain indemnification from the relevant insurer(s), Formula 1 s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, which in turn could materially adversely affect the Formula One Group. Rival motor sport events could be established involving existing Teams or different teams, or existing Teams may divert their resources to participate in another motor sport event, which could lead to fewer Teams and race circuits being involved in Formula 1, or a Team s primary engagement in motor sport being in another motor sport event, either of which could diminish the competitive position of Formula 1. In the future, it is possible that a rival motor racing series similar to Formula 1 could be established, involving existing Teams and/or different teams or an existing motor sport event could become more popular and become a rival series to Formula 1. Such a rival series could lead to fewer Teams and race circuits in Formula 1, reduce the budget that a Team is willing to spend on its participation in Formula 1, or diminish the competitive position of Formula 1 and have a material adverse effect on Formula 1 s results of operations and business and the Formula One Group. In addition, certain of Formula 1 s commercial contracts could be terminated if Formula 1 ceased to be the premier motor racing series for open wheel single-seater cars. Pursuant to the 2021 Concorde Agreement, each of the 10 Teams have committed to participate in the World Championship until December 31, 2025. If a rival motor racing series is established (or if an existing series develops into a rival series), this may reduce the popularity of Formula 1 leading to a decline in the value of Formula 1 s commercial contracts which may materially adversely affect Formula 1 s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and in turn may materially adversely affect the Formula One Group. See There could be a decline in the popularity of Formula 1 which may have a material adverse effect on Formula 1 s ability to exploit its commercial rights to the World Championship and Teams may, in certain circumstances, terminate their existing commitment to participate in the World Championship until (and including) 2025 or breach their obligations and withdraw . Changes in consumer viewing habits and the emergence of new content distribution platforms could adversely affect Formula 1 s business and the Formula One Group. The manner in which consumers view televised sporting events is changing rapidly with the emergence of alternative distribution platforms. Digital cable, internet and wireless content providers are continuing to improve technologies, content offerings, user interface and business models that allow consumers to access video-on-demand or internet-based tools with interactive capabilities including start, stop and rewind. Formula 1 s exclusive commercial rights place no limits on the platforms on which it can operate, including online. However, such developments may impact the profitability or effectiveness of Formula 1 s existing licensing practices and there is no guarantee that Formula 1 will be successful in adapting its licensing practices and/or media platform as consumer viewing habits change. If Formula 1 is unsuccessful in adapting its licensing practices and/or media platform as consumer viewing habits change, Formula 1 s viewership levels (whether on traditional or new platforms) may decrease and/or its licensing practices may become less profitable leading to the possibility of a reduction in the value of its media rights and sponsorship contracts. Any reduction in the value of Formula 1 s commercial rights and/or contracts may materially and adversely affect its revenue, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which in turn may materially adversely affect the Formula One Group. While Formula 1 s monetization of its television rights has increased in recent years, there can be no assurance that such increases will continue or that Formula 1 s level of such monetization will be comparable to that of other sporting events. 
 I-53 

Table of Contents 
 If confidential information regarding Formula 1 s business arrangements is disclosed or leaked, it could affect Formula 1 s relationships with counterparties and/or Teams and result in less favorable commercial contracts and adversely affect Formula 1 s business and the Formula One Group. The success of Formula 1 s business depends on maintaining good relationships with Formula 1 s counterparties (including race promoters, broadcasters and sponsors) and the Teams and entering into race promotion, media rights, sponsorship and other commercial contracts on favorable terms. If confidential information regarding Formula 1 s business arrangements with its counterparties and/or the Teams were to be disclosed or leaked, it could harm Formula 1 s relationships with those parties and result in less favorable terms in its commercial contracts, including with respect to pricing and adversely affect its business, results of operation, financial condition and prospects, which in turn could materially adversely affect the Formula One Group. Formula 1 depends on trademarks, copyrights and intellectual property. Formula 1 relies on certain trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property to protect its rights, including its brands, logos and television footage. The existence of complex factual and legal issues may give rise to uncertainty as to the validity or subsistence, scope and enforceability of a particular trademark, copyright or other intellectual property or contractual right in a particular jurisdiction. While historically Formula 1 has been widely transmitted by free-to-air television which reduced its attractiveness as a target for piracy and other infringement, Formula 1 is increasingly transmitted by pay TV operators that are greater targets for piracy. In any event, Formula 1 s intellectual property, and in particular the Formula 1 brand (including the F1 logo) and television footage are potential targets for counterfeiting, piracy and other infringement. New technologies such as the convergence of computing, communication, and entertainment devices, the falling prices of devices incorporating such technologies, increased broadband internet speed and penetration and increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission have made the unauthorized digital pirating and distribution of televised sporting events easier and faster and enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging. The unauthorized use of intellectual property in the entertainment industry generally continues to be a significant challenge for intellectual property rights holders. If Formula 1 is unsuccessful in preventing widespread piracy and illegal live streaming of Events in the future, these activities could result in lost revenue and a reduction in the value of Formula 1 s media rights which may materially and adversely affect Formula 1 s business, results of operation, financial condition and prospects, and in turn may materially adversely affect the Formula One Group. The terms of Formula 1 s indebtedness may limit its financial and operating flexibility. Covenants contained in the agreements governing Formula 1 s credit facilities will restrict the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or be a creditor in respect of financial indebtedness; pay dividends, redeem their share capital, purchase capital stock, make investments or other restricted payments; make any payment in respect, or on account of, indebtedness owing to Liberty or certain of its affiliates; in certain circumstances, make any payment or distribution in respect, or on account of, intra-group debt; issue or sell capital stock; acquire assets or make investments; sell assets (including capital stock of subsidiaries); create liens; enter into sale and leaseback or finance lease transactions; acquire an interest in or invest in any joint venture; 
 I-54 

Table of Contents 
 enter into transactions with shareholders or affiliates except on arm s length terms for full market value, including in relation to the provision of goods or services; enter into any contractual or similar restriction which restricts their ability to pay dividends or other distributions, make intra-group loan repayments, loan repayments or loans; effect a consolidation or merger; amend material commercial contracts; and enter into derivative transactions in respect of exposures which are unconnected to Formula 1 s credit facilities. 
 In addition, those covenants restrict certain holding companies in Formula 1 from trading, carrying on business, owning assets or incurring liabilities. Formula 1 may also be required to repay its credit facilities upon the occurrence of certain events and Formula 1 cannot give any assurance that it will be able to finance such a repayment. Failure to comply with an obligation to repay the credit facilities would result in an event of default which could have a material adverse effect on Formula 1 and the Formula One Group. These restrictive covenants could limit Formula 1 s ability to pursue Formula 1 s growth plans, restrict Formula 1 s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in Formula 1 s business and industry and increase Formula 1 s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. Formula 1 may enter into additional financing arrangements in the future, which could further restrict Formula 1 s flexibility. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against the functional currencies of Formula 1 s business and Formula 1 s counterparties business could adversely affect Formula 1 s profitability and the Formula One Group. In 2022, a significant proportion of Formula 1 s revenue and costs were denominated in U.S. dollars. Formula 1 also operates in a number of other currencies, most notably the pound sterling and Euro. There may be a mismatch between the amount of a local currency Formula 1 generates in revenue and incurs in expenses. Our financial statements translate local currency transactions into U.S. dollars. Formula 1 occasionally uses derivatives to hedge its exposure to more significant foreign currency risk. There is no assurance that such measures will be successful and fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against Formula 1 s functional currencies could affect its profitability. Additionally, most payments Formula 1 receives from Formula 1 s counterparties under Formula 1 s commercial contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars while their revenue is typically denominated in other currencies, most notably the Euro or the local currency in the country where the relevant Event is held. An appreciation of the U.S. dollar, against the functional currencies of Formula 1 s counterparties whose revenue is denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, increases the cost of their payments to Formula 1 in their functional currencies and the risk that they will not make their payments to Formula 1 or cause them to request Formula 1 to enter into a new contract with such counterparty, which could affect Formula 1 s profitability and financial position, and in turn could impact the Formula One Group. See Formula 1 is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties to Formula 1 s key commercial contracts . Formula 1 is reliant upon the retention of certain key personnel and the hiring of strategically valuable personnel, and Formula 1 may lose or be unable to hire one or more of such personnel. Formula 1 s commercial success is dependent to a considerable extent on the abilities and reputation of Formula 1 s management. Formula 1 s senior management team has a wealth of experience both in Formula 1 and in the media sector more widely. Stefano Domenicali, Formula 1 s Chief Executive Officer, brings his history of success in Formula 1 racing at Ferrari and the broader auto industry at Audi and Lamborghini. Formula 1 s Chief Financial Officer, Duncan Llowarch, and the General Counsel, Sacha Woodward Hill, have 26 years and 27 years of experience in Formula 1, respectively. Ross Brawn, who retired at the end of 2022 as Managing Director of Motor Sports, has over 40 years of experience in motor racing, holding senior positions in several leading Formula 1 teams including his own, Brawn GP, which won the Formula 1 Constructors title in 2009. While Formula 1 has the benefit of a strong management team and contracted revenue which provide Formula 1 stability in the near term, the voluntary departure of any key personnel could 
 I-55 

Table of Contents 
 disrupt Formula 1 s operations and have a material adverse effect on Formula 1 s business and results of operations, which in turn could materially adversely impact the Formula One Group. Liberty and Formula 1 continue to take steps to hire new members of management for the Formula 1 team as Liberty continues to expand the Formula 1 business. If Liberty and Formula 1 are unable to make strategic hires to strengthen the management of Formula 1, or if we are unable to retain these strategic hires over the long-term, the Formula 1 business may suffer, and Liberty may be unable to recognize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Formula 1. The Teams have certain governance rights under the 2021 Concorde Agreement that may limit or, at a minimum, influence actions that Liberty may seek to cause Formula 1 to take. The Teams are entitled to certain consent rights under the 2021 Concorde Agreement, including in relation to the number of Events in a season exceeding 24 or if there are fewer than 8 Events across Europe and North America combined and the introduction of new sporting and technical regulations applying to the World Championship. The interests or opinions of the Teams with regard to certain actions proposed to be taken by Formula 1 may differ from those of Liberty. In such event, the Teams may be able to block these actions. Risks Relating to the Braves Group The financial success of the Braves Group will depend, in large part, on the Braves achieving on-field success. The financial results of the Braves Group depend in large part on the ability of the Braves to achieve on-field success. The team s successes generate significant fan enthusiasm, resulting in sustained ticket, premium seating and concession and merchandise sales, and greater shares of local television and radio audiences during that period. Furthermore, participation in MLB s postseason provides the franchise with additional revenue and income. Additional revenue and income in the postseason are derived primarily from postseason games played at the Braves home stadium. Although the Braves did not generate material revenue from participation in the 2020 postseason since games were played without fans in attendance due to COVID-19, the Braves appeared in 16 out of 16 potential postseason games in 2021 and 4 out of 17 potential postseason games in 2022. Potential postseason games do not include games played in the National League Wild Card Series, in which the Braves were not eligible to participate because of their high seeding in the National League. Income from postseason play (after reduction for allocable postseason share payments) contributed approximately 8 million and 68 million and of revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. While the Braves have made the MLB postseason during seven of the past eleven seasons, and were the 2021 World Series Champions, there can be no assurance that the team will perform well or qualify for postseason play during the next season or any season thereafter. Poor on-field performance by the Braves is likely to adversely affect the financial performance of the Braves Group. The success of the Braves will depend largely on their ability to develop, obtain and retain talented players. The success of the Braves depends, in large part, on the ability to develop, obtain and retain talented players. The Braves compete with other MLB baseball teams and teams in other countries for available professional players and top player prospects. There can be no assurance that the Braves will be able to retain players upon expiration of their contracts or identify and obtain or develop new players of adequate talent to replace players who retire or are injured, traded, released or lost to free agency. Even if the Braves are able to retain or obtain players who have had successful amateur or professional careers, or develop talented players through the Braves minor league affiliates or otherwise, there can be no assurance that such players will perform successfully for the Braves. The 2017 penalties handed down by MLB against the Braves in the international market limited the Braves ability to recruit players internationally through the 2021 season, and could have an impact on the future pipeline of talent going forward. The risk of injuries to key or popular players creates uncertainty and could negatively impact financial results. A significant portion of the financial results of the Braves Group will be dependent upon the on-field success of the Braves and injuries to players pose risk to that success. In addition, the Braves are currently scheduled to play 81 regular season road games each year, requiring players and members of the coaching staff to travel using charter carriers. The Braves extensive travel schedule exposes its players and coaching staff to the risk of travel-related accidents and injuries. An injury sustained by a key player, or an injury occurring at a key point in the season, could negatively impact 
 I-56 

Table of Contents 
 the team s performance and decrease the likelihood of postseason play. An injury sustained by a popular player could negatively impact fan enthusiasm, which could negatively impact ticket sales and other sources of revenue. Furthermore, after the start of each season, all MLB players under contract are generally entitled to all of their contract salary for the season, even after sustaining an injury (subject to certain rights of the Braves). Having to compensate a player who is unable to perform for a substantial period of the season, as well as the replacement for the injured player, could create a significant financial burden for the Braves. Long-term employment contracts provide for, among other items, annual compensation for certain players (current and former) and other employees. Amounts due under such contracts as of December 31, 2022 aggregated 868 million, which is payable as follows: 184 million in 2023, 132 million in 2024, 115 million in 2025, 114 million in 2026, 90 million in 2027 and 233 million thereafter. The Braves may or may not elect to obtain disability insurance for their players signed to multiyear contracts to partially mitigate these risks, but there can be no assurance that even if obtained that such insurance will compensate for all or substantially all of the costs associated with player injuries and such insurance would not serve to mitigate any potential negative impact on the team s performance and revenue. Focus on team performance, and decisions by management of Braves Holdings may negatively impact financial results in the short-term. Management of Braves Holdings focuses on making operational and business decisions that enhance the on-field performance of the Braves and this may sometimes require implementing strategies and making investments that may negatively impact short-term profit for the sake of immediate on-field success. For example, in order to improve the short-term performance of the team, management may decide to make trades for highly compensated players and sign free agents or current players to high value contracts, which could significantly increase operating expenses for a given year, and which could adversely impact the trading price of the Liberty Braves common stock. In addition, to the extent higher salaries must be paid in order to retain talented players, the Braves may be subject to a tax, imposed by the CBA, if the Braves aggregate average payroll exceeds the predetermined thresholds contained in the CBA. Alternatively, management may decide to focus on longer-term success by investing more heavily in the recruiting and development of younger and less expensive talent, which may negatively affect the team s current on-field success and in turn could have a negative impact on ticket sales and other sources of revenue. Braves Holdings must also comply with all MLB rules and decisions, which has significant authority over MLB teams and must act in the best interests of MLB as a whole. Such rules and decisions may be inconsistent with strategies adopted by management and may have a negative effect on the near-term value of the Braves Group. The organizational structure of MLB and its rules and regulations impose substantial restrictions on the operations of Braves Holdings and its subsidiaries. As a condition to maintaining its MLB membership, each MLB Club must comply with the MLB Rules and Regulations. See Description of Business MLB Rules and Regulations. For example, each MLB Club is subject to the Major League Constitution, the Major League Rules and the CBA. In addition, each MLB Club is required to appoint one Control Person who is acceptable to MLB and the other MLB Clubs and who has significant authority over club operations and the club s interaction with MLB. Pursuant to the MLB Rules and Regulations and the CBA, an MLB Club must comply with, among other things, limitations on the amount of debt it can incur, revenue sharing arrangements with other MLB Clubs, commercial arrangements with regard to the national broadcasting of its games and other programming and commercial arrangements relating to the use of its intellectual property. Additionally, the vote of 75 of the MLB Clubs is required for the approval of the sale of any MLB Club or relocation of a franchise to another city. The Braves will be required to abide by any changes to the MLB Rules and Regulations and the adoption of any new MLB Rules and Regulations, irrespective of whether such changes or new arrangements negatively impact the Braves, proportionately or disproportionately, as compared with the other MLB Clubs. Further, the Commissioner of Baseball (the Commissioner interprets the MLB Rules and Regulations, and Braves Holdings (and certain of its affiliates) has agreed to submit any and all disputes related to the MLB Rules and Regulations, or disputes involving another MLB Club, to the Commissioner as sole arbitrator. The decisions of the Commissioner are binding and not appealable, and therefore Braves Holdings may not resort to the courts or any other means to enforce its rights or contest the application of the MLB Rules and Regulations. No assurance can be given that any changes to the MLB Rules and Regulations, adoption of new MLB 
 I-57 

Table of Contents 
 Rules and Regulations or decisions made by the Commissioner will not adversely affect the Braves Group and its financial results and have a negative impact upon the value of the Liberty Braves common stock. Organized labor matters could have an adverse effect on the Braves Group s financial results. The Braves Group is dependent upon the efforts of unionized workers. MLB players are covered by the CBA. MLB has experienced labor difficulties in the past and may have labor issues in the future. Labor difficulties may include players strikes or protests or management lockouts. MLB has also had disputes with the labor union representing the major league umpires, which have resulted in strikes and the need to use replacement umpires. MLB experienced a players strike during the 1994 season, which resulted in a regular season that was shortened and the cancelation of the World Series. In December 2021, the previous collective bargaining agreement expired and MLB commenced a lockout of the Major League players. As a result of the lockout, the start of the 2022 regular season was delayed until the MLB Clubs reached a tentative agreement in March 2022 on the terms of the CBA in a Memorandum of Understanding and the regular season began in April. See Description of Business MLB Rules and Regulations Collective Bargaining Agreement. The CBA covers the 2022 through 2026 MLB seasons. Any labor disputes, such as players strikes, protests or lockouts, could postpone or cancel MLB games. No revenue will be recognized for cancelled games and the impact may have a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. The possibility of MLB expansion could create increased competition. The most recent MLB expansion occurred in 1998. MLB continues to evaluate opportunities to expand into new markets across North America. Because revenue from national broadcasting and licensing agreements are divided equally among all MLB Clubs, any such expansion could dilute the revenue realized by the Braves Group from such agreements and increase competition for talented players among MLB Clubs. Historically, expansion teams have been permitted to select in an expansion draft certain unprotected players from the rosters of various MLB teams. There can be no assurance that the Braves will be able to retain key players during future expansion drafts or that the rules regarding expansion drafts will not change to the detriment of the Braves. Any expansion in the Southeast region of the U.S., in particular, could also draw fan, consumer and viewership interest away from the Braves. Viewership, and interest in baseball generally, may fluctuate due to factors outside of our control. Viewership of professional baseball has decreased in recent years and any future decline in television ratings or attendance for MLB as a whole could have an adverse effect on the Braves Group s financial results. The Braves compete for entertainment and advertising dollars with other sports and entertainment activities. During parts of the MLB regular season, the Braves experience competition from college football, professional basketball (the Atlanta Hawks) and professional football (the Atlanta Falcons). As sporting and entertainment trends change, fans may be drawn to other spectator sports and entertainment options, in spite of on-field success by the Braves. Broadcasting rights, both national and local, present an important source of revenue for Braves Holdings, and decreases in this broadcasting revenue could have an adverse effect on the Braves Group s financial results. Braves Holdings derives revenue directly from the sale of their local broadcasting rights through an individually negotiated carriage or license agreement. The sale of their national broadcasting rights, together with those of all other MLB Clubs, is organized through MLB with all such revenue allocated consistent with the MLB Rules and Regulations. A majority of this revenue is reliant on a limited number of broadcasting partners. Solvency and business disruptions impacting our broadcasting partners, as well as any decline in television ratings, carriage disputes popularity of the Braves specifically, or even MLB as a whole, could adversely affect the revenue that can be derived from the sale of these broadcasting rights. 
 I-58 

Table of Contents 
 Braves Holdings need for capital to fund its operations and recent borrowings used or to be used to finance construction and development of the Braves stadium, the Mixed-Use Development and a spring training facility could negatively impact the Braves Group s financial condition. Braves Holdings generally funds its operating activities through cash flow from operations and two credit facilities, with a combined borrowing capacity of 275 million. As of December 31, 2022, Braves Holdings did not have any borrowings under its operating credit facilities. If cash flows become insufficient to cover capital needs, Braves Holdings may be required to take on additional indebtedness, but applicable MLB rules limit the aggregate amount of indebtedness that Braves Holdings may incur. Braves Holdings has, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, taken on a significant level of debt and increased expenses related to the development of the Braves stadium, the Mixed-Use Development and a spring training facility. As of December 31, 2022, Braves Holdings had approximately 216 million outstanding under various debt instruments for construction and other stadium-related costs, 300 million outstanding under various credit facilities and loans for the Mixed-Use Development and 30 million outstanding under a credit facility for the spring training facility. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 403 million of capacity remained available under the credit facilities and loans. These construction and development expenditures will increase the Braves Group s costs and indebtedness in the near term, which could have a negative impact on Braves Holdings credit worthiness and the value of the Liberty Braves common stock. Certain covenants included in the documents governing indebtedness impose limitations on the liquidity of the Braves Group. In addition to the Debt Service Rule limitations imposed by the CBA limiting the amount of indebtedness that may be incurred by the Braves, the agreements governing the indebtedness incurred, directly or indirectly, by Braves Holdings, include certain covenants that limit the ability of Braves Holdings to sell or otherwise transfer control over certain assets or equity interests of affiliated entities. These covenants could limit the flexibility of Braves Holdings to react to changing or adverse market conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the financial condition of the Braves Group and could suppress the value of the Liberty Braves common stock. The financial performance of the Braves Group may be materially adversely affected if it does not experience the anticipated benefits of the Mixed-Use Development in the near term or at all. The Braves Group is incurring a significant amount of capital expenditures and indebtedness in connection with the construction and development of the Mixed-Use Development. Although the Braves Group believes that the new stadium and mixed use development will result in a material increase in revenue over the short and long term, including as a result of increased game attendance and rental income from the Mixed-Use Development, no assurance can be given that attendance will increase as anticipated or that the potential benefits of the Mixed-Use Development will be fully realized. To the extent that the long-term anticipated benefits of the Mixed-Use Development do not materialize and the Braves Group does not experience sustained revenue, the Braves Group s increased costs, including its new debt service obligations, could materially adversely affect the Braves Group s financial results, which is likely to suppress the value of the Liberty Braves common stock. Development activities, such as those associated with the Mixed-Use Development, are subject to significant risks. Risks associated with real estate development projects, such as the Mixed-Use Development, relate to, among other items, adverse changes in national market conditions (which can result from political, regulatory, economic or other factors), increases in interest rates, competition for, and the financial condition of, tenants, the cyclical nature of property markets, adverse local market conditions, changes in the availability of debt financing, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, energy prices, population trends, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of certain construction materials, acts of God, uninsurable losses and other factors which are beyond the control of the developer and may make the underlying investments economically unattractive. Development activities also involve the risk that construction may not be completed within budget or on 
 I-59 

Table of Contents 
 schedule because of cost overruns, work stoppages, shortages of building materials, the inability of contractors to perform their obligations under construction contracts, defects in plans and specifications or various other factors, including natural disasters, which may be exacerbated by climate change. In addition, Braves Holdings has only been managing the Mixed-Use Development since 2017 and although real estate developers and other real estate experts have been engaged to assist in its efforts, Braves Holdings may not be able to fully realize the projected long-term returns and benefits of its real estate development efforts. Any of these risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses associated with the Mixed-Use Development, which could have an adverse effect on the Braves Group s financial condition and suppress the value of the Liberty Braves common stock. Additionally, the real estate development projects require Braves Holdings to comply with various federal, state and local environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations. The properties are subject to such laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, disposal, emission and release of hazardous and non-hazardous substances and employee health and safety as well as zoning restrictions. Additional laws which may be passed in the future, or a finding of a violation of or liability under existing laws, could require us to make significant expenditures and otherwise limit or restrict some of our operations or developments. Climate change may also have indirect effects on the Mixed-Use Development by increasing the cost of, or making unavailable, property insurance on terms we find acceptable. To the extent that significant changes in the climate occur where the Mixed-Use Development is located, we may experience more frequent extreme weather events, which may result in physical damage to our or our lessees facilities and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure of lessees of the Mixed-Use Development to renew their leases as they expire and improvement costs associated with new leases may adversely impact the Braves Group s cash flow from operations, which could negatively impact its financial condition. If Mixed-Use Development lessees do not renew their leases as they expire, Braves Holdings may not be able to re-lease that space in the Mixed-Use Development. In addition, in connection with securing lease renewals or re-leasing properties, Braves Holdings may agree to terms that are less economically favorable than expiring lease terms, or may be required to incur significant costs, such as renovations and improvements on behalf of the lessee. Furthermore, a significant portion of the costs of owning property, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance, are not necessarily reduced when circumstances cause a decrease in rental revenue from the properties. Any of these events could adversely affect the Braves Group s cash flow from operations and its ability to service its indebtedness, which could negatively impact its financial condition. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting existing or potential lessees of the Mixed-Use Development or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on Braves Holdings ability to attract new lessees, collect rent or renew leases at the Mixed-Use Development , which could adversely affect the Braves Group s cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. Cash flow from operations depends in part on Braves Holdings ability to lease space in the Mixed-Use Development on economically favorable terms and to collect rent from lessees on a timely basis. Braves Holdings could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which it has limited or no control, such as: Lack of or loss of demand for the amount of commercial and retail space developed and being developed at the Mixed-Use Development; Inability to retain existing lessees and attract new lessees; Changes in market rental rates; Declines in lessees creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, which may be affected by their operations, economic downturns and competition within their industries from other operators; Defaults by and bankruptcies of lessees, failure of lessees to pay rent on a timely basis, or failure of lessees to comply with their contractual obligations; 
 I-60 

Table of Contents 
 Economic or physical decline of the areas around Truist Park and the Mixed-Use Development; and Deterioration of the physical condition of properties in the Mixed-Use Development. 
 At any time, any Mixed-Use Development lessee may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its operating results or overall financial condition. As a result, such lessee may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments when due, decline to extend a lease upon its expiration, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a Mixed-Use Development lessee could diminish the revenue Braves Holdings receives as a result of a lease termination or other concessions, such as reduced rent payable, and Braves Holdings ability to seek payment for unpaid future rent would be substantially limited, if not eliminated. Any lessee bankruptcy or insolvency, leasing delay or failure to make rental payments when due could result in material losses to Braves Holdings and could adversely affect the Braves Group s cash flow from operations and its ability to service its indebtedness. Fans attending professional baseball games risk personal injury or accident, which could subject Braves Holdings to personal injury or other claims and could increase the Braves Group s expenses. Personal injuries and accidents involving fans attending professional baseball games have occurred, and may in the future occur, which could subject Braves Holdings to claims and liabilities for personal injuries which could increase expenses. While Braves Holdings maintains insurance policies that provide coverage within limits that are sufficient, in management s judgment, to protect Braves Holdings from material financial loss for personal injuries sustained by persons at its venues, there can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate at all times and in all circumstances. The Braves Group may be adversely affected by the occurrence of extraordinary events, such as terrorist attacks. The occurrence and threat of extraordinary events, such as terrorist attacks, intentional or unintentional mass-casualty incidents, natural disasters or similar events, may substantially decrease the attendance at professional baseball games, which may decrease the Braves Group s revenue or expose it to substantial liability. While Braves Holdings constantly evaluates the security precautions for its events, no security measures can guarantee safety. Despite Braves Holdings best efforts, some occurrences or actions are difficult to foresee and adequately plan for, which could lead to fan, vendor and/or employee harm resulting in fines, penalties, legal costs and reputational risk that could materially and adversely impact the Braves Group s business and results of operations. Poor weather may adversely affect attendance at professional baseball games. Due to weather conditions, Braves Holdings may be required to cancel or reschedule one or more baseball games to another available day, which could increase its costs and could negatively impact attendance, as well as concession and merchandise sales, which could negatively impact the Braves Group s financial performance. Data loss or other breaches of Braves Holdings network security could materially harm its business and results of operations. Penetration of Braves Holdings network or other misappropriation or misuse of personal or sensitive information and data, including credit card information and other personally identifiable information, could subject it to increased costs, litigation, actions from governmental authorities and financial or other liabilities. In addition, security breaches, incidents or the inability to protect information could lead to ticketing fraud and counterfeit tickets. Security breaches and incidents could also result in significant costs related to remediation efforts. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect the Braves Group s business, financial condition and results of operations. A chapter 11 bankruptcy filing by Diamond Sports Group may interrupt the regional broadcasting of Braves games, which may adversely impact the Braves fan base and results of operations. Recent news reports have speculated that Diamond Sports Group, a subsidiary of Sinclair Broadcasting Group which licenses and distributes sports content in various regional markets, including the Braves games (other than nationally televised games) in the Braves home television territory, is in financial distress and may file for chapter 11 protection. If 
 I-61 

Table of Contents 
 Diamond Sports Group files for chapter 11 protection, Braves Holdings may not receive the unpaid amounts (including any accounts receivable and contract assets) owed prior to the chapter 11 bankruptcy under the regional sports broadcasting license with Sportsouth Network II, LLC, a subsidiary of Diamond Sports Group, and Braves Holdings may be required to repay amounts remitted during the 90-day preference period preceding the filing. Further, any interruption of the regional broadcasting of Braves games due to the chapter 11 bankruptcy may adversely impact the Braves fan base and Braves Holdings results of operations. In addition to any lost broadcast revenue or incurred credit losses, Braves Holdings may also incur additional expenses in negotiating a replacement regional broadcast license or an alternative arrangement. Braves Holdings cannot predict the outcome of any bankruptcy proceeding or its full impact on the Braves Group s business and results of operations. Risks Relating to the Ownership of Our Common Stock Due to Our Tracking Stock Capitalization Holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock are common stockholders of our Company and, therefore, are subject to risks associated with an investment in our Company as a whole, even if a holder does not own shares of common stock of all of our groups. Even though we have attributed, for financial reporting purposes, all of our consolidated assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash flows among the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group in order to prepare the separate financial statement schedules for each of those groups, we will retain legal title to all of our assets and our tracking stock capitalization does not limit our legal responsibility, or that of our subsidiaries, for the liabilities included in any set of financial statement schedules. Holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock do not have any legal rights related to specific assets attributed to their associated group and, in any liquidation, holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, holders of Liberty Braves common stock and holders of Liberty Formula One common stock will be entitled to receive a pro rata share of our available net assets based on their respective numbers of liquidation units. Possible market confusion may result from holders of our tracking stocks mistakenly believing that they (i) directly own stock of a company that is attributed to one of our tracking stocks and (ii) have any equity or voting interests with respect to companies attributed to one of our tracking stocks. Our company holds interests in various companies, including public companies, and these interests are attributed to our tracking stock groups. In particular, the assets of the Liberty SiriusXM Group are primarily comprised of our company s ownership interests in Sirius XM Holdings and Live Nation and corporate cash. Similarly, since the completion of our acquisition of Formula 1 in January 2017, the Formula One Group is now comprised of our subsidiary that owns the Formula 1 business. Depending on the composition of the assets underlying our tracking stock groups from time to time, confusion in the marketplace may occur if holders of our tracking stock mistakenly believe they own stock of a company attributed to the applicable tracking stock group. This may especially be true in cases where a tracking stock group has a name that is similar to the publicly traded company attributed to the applicable tracking stock group, as is the case of the Liberty SiriusXM Group and Sirius XM Holdings. As described above, holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock do not have any legal rights related to specific assets attributed to their associated tracking stock group. Similarly, holders of these tracking stocks do not, by virtue of their ownership of our tracking stock, own any equity or voting interest in any company attributed to one of our tracking stock groups, including any public companies. We may split off, spin off or reattribute assets, liabilities and businesses attributed to our tracking stock groups in a manner that may disparately impact some of our stockholders if our board of directors determines such transaction to be in the best interest of all of our stockholders, and in some cases, not all of our stockholders would be entitled to vote on such a transaction. Pursuant to the terms of Liberty s restated certificate of incorporation (its charter ), Liberty s board of directors may determine that it is in the best interest of all of Liberty s stockholders to effect a redemptive split-off whereby all or a portion of the outstanding shares of a particular tracking stock would be redeemed for shares of common stock of a subsidiary Splitco that holds all or a portion of the assets and liabilities attributed to such tracking stock group subject to the approval of only the holders of the tracking stock to be redeemed. However, the vote of holders of Liberty s other 
 I-62 

Table of Contents 
 tracking stocks would not be required, unless Splitco also held assets and liabilities of such other tracking stock group(s). If Liberty were to effect a redemptive split-off, then, pursuant to the terms of its charter, Liberty would be required to redeem the outstanding shares of the affected tracking stock from its holders on an equal per share basis (i.e., it could not redeem shares from holders of only certain series of the affected tracking stock or redeem from all holders of the affected tracking stock on a non-pro rata basis). Following a redemptive split-off, holders of the other tracking stock(s) would continue to hold stock tracking the performance of Liberty s remaining assets and liabilities which would not have changed after the redemptive split-off, unless a reattribution among the tracking stocks occurred in connection with the redemptive split-off (as discussed below). In addition, in the case of a partial redemptive split-off, holders of the affected tracking stock would hold shares of Splitco and continue to hold a reduced number of shares of the affected tracking stock which would track the remaining assets and liabilities retained by Liberty and attributed to such tracking stock after the split-off. Liberty is also permitted, pursuant to the terms of its charter, to effect a spin-off of certain of its assets and liabilities through the dividend of shares of a subsidiary holding such assets and liabilities, and the spin-off would not be subject to prior stockholder approval. In this situation, a tracking stock holder would retain their tracking stock shares and receive shares of the spun-off entity. Furthermore, in structuring these transactions, Liberty s board of directors may determine to alter the composition of the assets and liabilities underlying its tracking stock groups through a reattribution. As contemplated by both the charter and the management and allocation policies designed to assist Liberty in managing and separately presenting the businesses and operations attributed to our tracking stock groups, Liberty s board of directors is vested with the discretion to reattribute assets and liabilities from one tracking stock group to another tracking stock group without the approval of any of its stockholders, and the only limitations on its exercise of such discretion are that the reattribution be in the best interest of all of Liberty s stockholders and that the reattribution be done on a fair value basis. Holders of the affected tracking stock groups will not be entitled to a separate vote to approve a reattribution, even if such reattribution is occurring in connection with a redemptive split-off and such stockholders would otherwise be entitled to vote on the redemptive split-off itself. Our board of directors ability to reattribute businesses, assets and expenses between and among tracking stock groups may make it difficult to assess the future prospects of our tracking stock groups based on past performance. Any reattribution made by our board of directors (as discussed above), as well as the existence, in and of itself, of the right to effect a reattribution may impact the ability of investors to assess the future prospects of the businesses and assets attributed to a tracking stock group, including liquidity and capital resource needs, based on past performance. Stockholders may also have difficulty evaluating the liquidity and capital resources of the businesses and assets attributed to each group based on past performance, as our board of directors may use one group s liquidity to fund another group s liquidity and capital expenditure requirements through the use of inter-group loans and inter-group interests. We could be required to use assets attributed to one group to pay liabilities attributed to another group. The assets attributed to one group are potentially subject to the liabilities attributed to another group, even if those liabilities arise from lawsuits, contracts or indebtedness that are attributed to such other group. While our current management and allocation policies provide that reattributions of assets between groups will result in the creation of an inter-group loan or an inter-group interest or an offsetting reattribution of cash or other assets, no provision of our current charter prevents us from satisfying liabilities of one group with assets of another group, and our creditors are not in any way limited by our tracking stock capitalization from proceeding against any assets they could have proceeded against if we did not have a tracking stock capitalization. The market price of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock may not reflect the performance of the businesses and assets attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group, respectively, as we intend. We cannot assure you that the market price of the common stock related to a group will, in fact, reflect the performance of the group of businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to that group. Holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock are common stockholders of our Company 
 I-63 

Table of Contents 
 as a whole and, as such, are subject to all risks associated with an investment in our Company and all of our businesses, assets and liabilities. As a result, the market price of each tracking stock may, in part, reflect events that are intended to be reflected or tracked by a different tracking stock of our Company. In addition, investors may discount the value of the stock related to a group because it is part of a common enterprise rather than a stand-alone entity. The market price of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock may be volatile, could fluctuate substantially and could be affected by factors that do not affect traditional common stock. The market prices of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock may be materially affected by, among other things: actual or anticipated fluctuations in a group s operating results or in the operating results of particular companies attributable to such group; potential acquisition activity by our Company (regardless of the group to which it is attributed) or the companies in which we invest; issuances of debt or equity securities to raise capital by our Company or the companies in which we invest and the manner in which that debt or the proceeds of an equity issuance are attributed to each of the groups; changes in financial estimates by securities analysts regarding Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock or the companies attributable to our tracking stock groups; the complex nature and the potential difficulties investors may have in understanding the terms of our three tracking stocks, as well as concerns regarding the possible effect of certain of those terms on an investment in our stocks; and general market conditions. 
 The market value of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock could be adversely affected by events involving the assets and businesses attributed to one or more of the other groups. Because we are the issuer of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock, an adverse market reaction to events relating to the assets and businesses attributed to one of our groups, such as earnings announcements, announcements of new products or services or acquisitions or dispositions that the market does not view favorably, may cause an adverse market reaction in the common stock of the other groups. This could occur even if the triggering event is not material to us as a whole. Certain events may also have a greater impact on one group than the same triggering event would have on another group due to the asset composition of the affected group. In addition, the incurrence of significant indebtedness by us or any of our subsidiaries on behalf of one group, including indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection with acquisitions of or investments in businesses, could affect our credit rating and that of our subsidiaries and, therefore, could increase the borrowing costs of businesses attributable to our other groups or the borrowing costs of our Company as a whole. We may not pay dividends equally or at all on Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock. We do not presently intend to pay cash dividends on Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock for the foreseeable future. However, we have the right to pay dividends on the shares of common stock related to each group in equal or unequal amounts, and we may pay dividends on the shares of common stock related to one group and not pay dividends on shares of common stock related to another group. In addition, any dividends or distributions on, or repurchases of, shares relating to a group will reduce our assets legally available to be paid as dividends on the shares relating to another group. 
 I-64 

Table of Contents 
 Our tracking stock capital structure could create conflicts of interest, and our board of directors may make decisions that could adversely affect only some holders of our common stock. Our tracking stock capital structure could give rise to occasions when the interests of holders of stock related to one group might diverge or appear to diverge from the interests of holders of stock related to one or both of the other groups. In addition, given the nature of their businesses, there may be inherent conflicts of interests between the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group. Our tracking stock groups are not separate entities and thus holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock do not have the right to elect separate boards of directors. As a result, our Company s officers and directors owe fiduciary duties to our Company as a whole and all of our stockholders as opposed to only holders of a particular group. Decisions deemed to be in the best interest of our Company and all of our stockholders may not be in the best interest of a particular group or groups when considered independently. Examples include: decisions as to the terms of any business relationships that may be created between groups, such as between the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Braves Group or between the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Formula One Group; the terms of any reattributions of assets between one or more groups; decisions as to the allocation of consideration among the holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock, or among the series of stocks relating to our groups, to be received in connection with a merger involving our Company; decisions as to the allocation of corporate opportunities between the groups, especially where the opportunities might meet the strategic business objectives of more than one group; decisions as to operational and financial matters that could be considered detrimental to one or more groups but beneficial to another; decisions as to the conversion of shares of common stock of one group into shares of common stock of another; decisions regarding the creation of, and, if created, the subsequent increase or decrease of any inter-group interest that one group may own in another group; decisions as to the internal or external financing attributable to businesses or assets attributed to any of our groups; decisions as to the dispositions of assets of any of our groups; and decisions as to the payment of dividends on the stock relating to any of our groups. 
 Our directors or officers equity ownership may create or appear to create conflicts of interest. If directors or officers own disproportionate interests (in percentage or value terms) in Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock, that disparity could create or appear to create conflicts of interest when they are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock. Other than pursuant to our management and allocation policies, we have not adopted any specific procedures for consideration of matters involving a divergence of interests among holders of shares of stock relating to our three groups, or among holders of different series of stock relating to a specific group. Rather than develop additional specific procedures in advance, our board of directors intends to exercise its judgment from time to time, depending on the circumstances, as to how best to: obtain information regarding the divergence (or potential divergence) of interests; 
 I-65 

Table of Contents 
 determine under what circumstances to seek the assistance of outside advisers; determine whether a committee of our board of directors should be appointed to address a specific matter and the appropriate members of that committee; and assess what is in our best interests and the best interests of all of our stockholders. 
 Our board of directors believes the advantage of retaining flexibility in determining how to fulfill its responsibilities in any such circumstances as they may arise outweighs any perceived advantages of adopting additional specific procedures in advance. Our board of directors may change the management and allocation policies to the detriment of one or more groups without stockholder approval. Our board of directors has adopted certain management and allocation policies to serve as guidelines in making decisions regarding the relationships among the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group with respect to matters such as tax liabilities and benefits, inter-group loans, inter-group interests, attribution of assets, financing alternatives, corporate opportunities and similar items. These policies also set forth the initial focuses and strategies of these groups and the initial attribution of our businesses, assets and liabilities among them. These policies are not included in the current charter. Our board of directors may at any time change or make exceptions to these policies. Because these policies relate to matters concerning the day-to-day management of our Company as opposed to significant corporate actions, such as a merger involving our Company or a sale of substantially all of our assets, no stockholder approval is required with respect to their adoption or amendment. A decision to change, or make exceptions to, these policies or adopt additional policies could disadvantage one or more groups while advantaging the other(s). Holders of shares of stock relating to a particular group may not have any remedies if any action by our directors or officers has an adverse effect on only that stock, or on a particular series of that stock. Principles of Delaware law and the provisions of our current charter may protect decisions of our board of directors that have a disparate impact upon holders of shares of stock relating to a particular group, or upon holders of any series of stock relating to a particular group. Under Delaware law, the board of directors has a duty to act with due care and in the best interests of all of our stockholders, regardless of the stock, or series, they hold. Principles of Delaware law established in cases involving differing treatment of multiple classes or series of stock provide that a board of directors owes an equal duty to all stockholders and does not have separate or additional duties to any subset of stockholders. Judicial opinions in Delaware involving tracking stocks have established that decisions by directors or officers involving differing treatment of holders of tracking stocks may be judged under the business judgment rule. In some circumstances, our directors or officers may be required to make a decision that is viewed as adverse to the holders of shares relating to a particular group or to the holders of a particular series of that stock. Under the principles of Delaware law and the business judgment rule referred to above, a stockholder may not be able to successfully challenge decisions that they believe have a disparate impact upon the stockholders of one of our groups if a majority of our board of directors is disinterested and independent with respect to the action taken, is adequately informed with respect to the action taken and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that the board of directors is acting in the best interest of Liberty and all of our stockholders. Stockholders will not vote on how to attribute consideration received in connection with a merger involving our Company among holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock. Our current charter does not contain any provisions governing how consideration received in connection with a merger or consolidation involving our Company is to be attributed to the holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, holders of Liberty Braves common stock and holders of Liberty Formula One common stock or to the holders of different series of stock, and none of the holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock will have a separate class vote in the event of such a merger or consolidation. Consistent with applicable principles of Delaware law, our board of directors will seek to divide the type and amount of consideration received in a merger or consolidation involving our Company among holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock in a fair manner. As the different ways the board of 
 I-66 

Table of Contents 
 directors may divide the consideration between holders of stock relating to the different groups, and among holders of different series of a particular stock, might have materially different results, the consideration to be received by holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock in any such merger or consolidation may be materially less valuable than the consideration they would have received if they had a separate class vote on such merger or consolidation. We may dispose of assets of the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group or the Formula One Group without stockholder approval. Delaware law requires stockholder approval only for a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of our Company taken as a whole, and our current charter does not require a separate class vote in the case of a sale of a significant amount of assets of any of our groups. As long as the assets attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group or the Formula One Group proposed to be disposed of represent less than substantially all of our assets, we may approve sales and other dispositions of any amount of the assets of such group without any stockholder approval. If we dispose of all or substantially all of the assets attributed to any group (which means, for this purpose, assets representing 80 of the fair market value of the total assets of the disposing group, as determined by our board of directors), we would be required under the terms of our current charter, if the disposition is not an exempt disposition under the terms of our current charter, to choose one or more of the following three alternatives: declare and pay a dividend on the disposing group s common stock; redeem shares of the disposing group s common stock in exchange for cash, securities or other property; and/or convert all or a portion of the disposing group s outstanding common stock into common stock of another group. 
 In this type of a transaction, holders of the disposing group s common stock may receive less value than the value that a third-party buyer might pay for all or substantially all of the assets of the disposing group. Our board of directors will decide, in its sole discretion, how to proceed and is not required to select the option that would result in the highest value to holders of any stock related to a particular group. Holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock may receive less consideration upon a sale of the assets attributed to that group than if that group were a separate company. If the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group or the Formula One Group were a separate, independent company and its shares were acquired by another person, certain costs of that sale, including corporate level taxes, might not be payable in connection with that acquisition. As a result, stockholders of a separate, independent company with the same assets might receive a greater amount of proceeds than the holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock would receive upon a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the group to which their shares relate. In addition, we cannot assure you that in the event of such a sale the per share consideration to be paid to holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock, as the case may be, will be equal to or more than the per share value of that share of stock prior to or after the announcement of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the applicable group. Further, there is no requirement that the consideration paid be tax-free to the holders of the shares of common stock related to that group. Accordingly, if we sell all or substantially all of the assets attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group or the Formula One Group, our stockholders could suffer a loss in the value of their investment in our stock. 
 I-67 

Table of Contents 
 In the event of a liquidation of Liberty, holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock will not have a priority with respect to the assets attributed to the related tracking stock group remaining for distribution to stockholders. Under our current charter, upon Liberty s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock will be entitled to receive, in respect of their shares of such stock, their proportionate interest in all of Liberty s assets, if any, remaining for distribution to holders of common stock in proportion to their respective number of liquidation units per share. Relative liquidation units were initially determined based on the volume weighted average prices of the Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock over the 20 trading day period which commenced shortly after the filing of our restated charter on April 15, 2016 and the fraction of a liquidation unit related to each share of Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty SiriusXM common stock was further adjusted in connection with the rights distribution in May 2016 and the rights distribution in May 2020, respectively. Hence, the assets to be distributed to a holder of any of our tracking stocks upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Liberty will have nothing to do with the value of the assets attributed to the related tracking stock group or to changes in the relative value of the Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock over time. Our board of directors may elect to convert the common stock relating to one group into common stock relating to another group, thereby changing the nature of a stockholder s investment and possibly diluting their economic interest in our Company, which could result in a loss in value to them. Our current charter permits our board of directors to convert all of the outstanding shares of common stock relating to any of our groups into shares of common stock of another group on specified terms. A conversion would preclude the holders of stock related to each group involved in such conversion from retaining their investment in a security that is intended to reflect separately the performance of the relevant group. We cannot predict the impact on the market value of our stock of (1) our board of directors ability to effect any such conversion or (2) the exercise of this conversion right by our board of directors. In addition, our board of directors may effect such a conversion at a time when the market value of our different stocks could cause the stockholders of one group to be disadvantaged. Holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock vote together and have limited separate voting rights. Holders of Series A and Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock vote together as a single class, except in certain limited circumstances prescribed by our current charter and under Delaware law. Each share of Series B common stock of each group has ten votes per share, and each share of Series A common stock of each group has one vote per share. Holders of Series C common stock of each group have no voting rights, other than those required under Delaware law. When holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock vote together as a single class, holders having a majority of the votes are in a position to control the outcome of the vote even if the matter involves a conflict of interest among our stockholders or has a greater impact on one group than another. Transactions in Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock by our insiders could depress the market price of those stocks. Sales of, or hedging transactions such as collars relating to, shares of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock by our Chairman of the Board, or any of our other directors or executive officers, could cause a perception in the marketplace that the stock price of the relevant shares has peaked or that adverse events or trends have occurred or may be occurring at our Company or the group to which the shares relates. This perception can result notwithstanding any personal financial motivation for these transactions. As a result, insider transactions could depress the market price for shares of the Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock. 
 I-68 

Table of Contents 
 Our current charter includes restrictions on the share ownership of Liberty Braves common stock by certain persons, which if triggered would result in an immediate transfer of the applicable number of shares to a trust for the benefit of the holder. To comply with the policies of MLB, our current charter provides that (i) employees of MLB and related entities may not own Liberty Braves common stock, (ii) persons who are employed by or otherwise associated with an MLB club other than the Braves may not own 5 or more of the number of outstanding shares of Liberty Braves common stock, and (iii) no person may own 10 or more of the number of outstanding shares of Liberty Braves common stock unless, in the case of this clause (iii), such person is expressly approved by the Commissioner or qualifies as an exempt person (which is generally defined to include our Chairman John C. Malone, Chief Executive Officer Gregory B. Maffei, the Chairman of Braves Holdings, LLC Terence McGuirk and certain of their related persons). In the event that a holder attempts to acquire shares of Liberty Braves common stock in violation of this charter provision, the applicable shares will automatically be transferred to a trust which will sell the shares for the benefit of the holder (subject to certain exceptions, such as in the event of an inadvertent violation of the restrictions described in clause (ii) or (iii) above which is cured within the applicable time frame). No assurance can be given that the trust will be able to sell the shares at a price that is equal to or greater than the price paid by the holder. In addition, the holder s right to receive the net proceeds of the sale, as well as any dividends or other distributions to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, will be subject to the holder s compliance with the applicable mechanics included in our current charter. Our capital structure, as well as the fact that the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group are not independent companies, may inhibit or prevent acquisition bids for the businesses attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group or the Formula One Group and may make it difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. If the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group were separate independent companies, any person interested in acquiring the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group or the Formula One Group without negotiating with management could seek control of that group by obtaining control of its outstanding voting stock, by means of a tender offer or a proxy contest. Although we intend Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock to reflect the separate economic performance of the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group, respectively, those groups are not separate entities and a person interested in acquiring only one group without negotiation with our management could obtain control of that group only by obtaining control of a majority in voting power of all of the outstanding voting shares of our Company. The existence of shares of common stock, and different series of shares, relating to different groups could present complexities and in certain circumstances pose obstacles, financial and otherwise, to an acquiring person that are not present in companies that do not have a capital structure similar to ours. Certain provisions of our current charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include: authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock: a Series B common stock related to each group that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a Series A common stock related to each group that entitles the holder to one vote per share, and a Series C common stock related to each group that, except as otherwise required by Delaware law, entitles the holder to no voting rights; classifying our board of directors with staggered three-year terms, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors; limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; 
 I-69 

Table of Contents 
 requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 66 of our aggregate voting power or the approval by at least 75 of our board of directors with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation of our Company, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an amendment to our current charter; and the existence of authorized and unissued stock, including blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to persons friendly to our then current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of our Company. 
 Liberty s Chairman, John C. Malone, beneficially owns shares (based on outstanding share information as of January 31, 2023) representing the power to direct approximately 49 of the aggregate voting power in Liberty, due to his beneficial ownership of approximately 96 of the outstanding shares of each of the Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, the Series B Liberty Braves common stock and the Series B Liberty Formula One common stock. Risks Relating to the proposed Split-Off and Reclassification We intend to split-off our Braves Group into an independent, publicly-traded company in the first half of 2023 and to create a new Liberty Live Group tracking stock. The proposed transactions may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or at all and may not achieve the intended benefits. We have announced our intention to split-off our Braves Group into an independent, publicly-traded company and to create a new third tracking stock group, Liberty Live Group, through the reclassification of all of our remaining common stock, which includes the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Formula One Group (the Reclassification and, together with the Split-Off, the Transactions in the first half of 2023, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including obtaining certain requisite approvals of the holders of our common stock, the receipt of opinions of tax counsel and other regulatory approvals. In addition, the Split-Off is conditioned on the requisite approval of Major League Baseball and the receipt of an IRS ruling. Further, the Reclassification is dependent and conditioned on the approval and completion of the Split-Off, and will not be implemented unless the Split-Off is completed; however, the Split-Off is not dependent upon the approval of the Reclassification and may be implemented even if the Reclassification is not approved. Unanticipated developments, including possible delays in obtaining requisite rulings and approvals could delay or prevent the proposed Split-Off and/or Reclassification or cause the proposed Split-Off and/or Reclassification to occur on terms or conditions that are less favorable and/or different than expected. Even if the Transactions are completed, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits from the Transactions. We expect to incur costs and expenses in connection with the Transactions. We expect that we will incur certain nonrecurring costs in connection with the consummation of the Transactions, including advisory, legal and other transaction costs. A majority of these costs have already been incurred or will be incurred regardless of whether the Transactions are completed. While many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time, our management continues to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in connection with the Transactions. Although we expect that the realization of benefits related to the Transactions will offset such costs and expenses over time, no assurances can be made that this net benefit will be achieved in the near term, or at all. 
 I-70 

Table of Contents 
 The announcement and pendency of the Transactions could divert the attention of management and cause disruptions in our businesses as a whole and the Braves Group, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our management may be required to divert a disproportionate amount of attention away from their respective day-to-day activities and operations, and devote time and effort to consummating the Transactions. The risks, and adverse effects, of such disruptions and diversions could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Transactions. These factors could adversely affect our financial position or results of operations, regardless of whether the Transactions are completed. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties. We own our corporate headquarters in Englewood, Colorado. Sirius XM Holdings owns office, production and engineering facilities in Washington D.C. and New Jersey. Additionally, Sirius XM Holdings leases property for its headquarters in New York and leases additional properties in New York, New Jersey, Florida, Michigan, Tennessee, Georgia, Virginia, California and Texas for its office, production, technical, studio and engineering facilities, warehouse and call center. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings leases or licenses space at approximately 540 locations for use in connection with the terrestrial repeater networks that support its satellite radio services. In general, these leases and licenses are for space on building rooftops and communications towers, none of which are individually material to the business or its operations. Formula 1 owns no material property. Formula 1 leases space for its offices in London, England and for its television production and technical operations in Kent, England. The Company owns land adjacent to the Las Vegas Strip which is being developed for the Las Vegas Grand Prix. For a description of Braves Holdings property, see Item 1. Business Braves Holdings, LLC Facilities and Item 1. Business Braves Holdings, LLC Mixed-Use Development. Our other subsidiaries and business affiliates own or lease the fixed assets necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, including office space and entertainment venues. Our management believes that our current facilities are suitable and adequate for our business operations for the foreseeable future. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Refer to note 18 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on our legal proceedings. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 I-71 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Liberty Media Corporation Liberty, the Company, we, us, and our has three classes of stock. Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock trade under the symbols LSXMA/B/K, respectively; Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Braves common stock trade or are quoted under the symbols BATRA/B/K, respectively; and Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Formula One common stock trade or are quoted under the symbols FWONA/B/K, respectively. Each series (Series A, Series B and Series C) of the Liberty SiriusXM common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Series A and Series C Liberty Braves common stock and Series A and Series C Liberty Formula One common stock trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, and Series B Liberty Braves common stock and Series B Liberty Formula One common stock are quoted on the OTC Markets. Stock price information for securities traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market can be found on the Nasdaq s website at www.nasdaq.com. The following tables set forth the range of high and low sales prices of our Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Series B Liberty Braves common stock and Series B Liberty Formula One common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Although our Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, an established public trading market does not exist for the stock, as it is not actively traded. Additionally, there is no established public trading market for our Series B Liberty Braves common stock and our Series B Liberty Formula One common stock, which are quoted on OTC Markets. The over-the-counter market quotations for our series B Liberty Braves common stock and our Series B Liberty Formula One common stock reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Liberty SiriusXM Group Series B (LSXMB) High Low 2021 First quarter 47.42 42.06 Second quarter 51.70 43.68 Third quarter 52.10 45.70 Fourth quarter 58.13 48.08 2022 First quarter 53.04 44.92 Second quarter 47.14 40.00 Third quarter 46.75 36.50 Fourth quarter 47.43 39.03 
 II-1 

Table of Contents 

Braves Group Series B (BATRB) High Low 2021 First quarter 31.00 26.25 Second quarter 34.00 31.00 Third quarter 29.00 26.00 Fourth quarter 45.00 27.00 2022 First quarter 28.61 26.05 Second quarter 27.50 26.80 Third quarter 30.01 25.40 Fourth quarter 35.00 29.75 

Formula One Group Series B (FWONB) High Low 2021 First quarter 43.10 43.02 Second quarter 43.93 38.75 Third quarter 52.00 42.40 Fourth quarter 56.70 49.33 2022 First quarter 54.75 54.75 Second quarter 70.26 56.65 Third quarter 63.00 53.59 Fourth quarter 48.75 47.78 Holders The number of record holders as of January 31, 2023 were as follows: 

Series A Series B Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock 958 53 1,010 Liberty Braves common stock 2,955 31 761 Liberty Formula One common stock 660 50 854 The foregoing numbers of record holders do not include the number of stockholders whose shares are held nominally by banks, brokerage houses or other institutions, but include each such institution as one shareholder. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we have no present intention of so doing. Payment of cash dividends, if any, in the future will be determined by our board of directors in light of our earnings, financial condition and other relevant considerations. 
 II-2 

Table of Contents 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer Share Repurchase Programs In August 2015, our board of directors authorized 1 billion of Liberty Media Corporation common stock repurchases, which could be used to repurchase any of the Series A and Series C of each of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock. In November 2019, our board of directors authorized an additional 1 billion of Series A and Series C shares of each of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock repurchases. There were no repurchases of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock and no repurchases of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.1 billion was available for future share repurchases under our share repurchase program. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, 26 shares of Series A and 52 shares of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock, 104 shares of Series A and 207 shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, and 11 shares of Series A and 21 shares of Series C Liberty Braves common stock were surrendered by certain of our officers and employees to pay withholding taxes and other deductions in connection with the vesting of their restricted stock and restricted stock units. Item 6. [Reserved ] 
 II-3 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis provides information concerning our results of operations and financial condition. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. See note 3 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for an overview of accounting standards that we have adopted or that we plan to adopt that have had or may have an impact on our financial statements. Overview We own controlling and non-controlling interests in a broad range of media and entertainment companies. Our most significant operating subsidiary, which is a reportable segment, is Sirius XM Holdings Inc. Sirius XM Holdings ). Sirius XM Holdings operates two complementary audio entertainment businesses, Sirius XM and Pandora and Off-platform. Sirius XM features music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic and weather channels and other content, as well as podcasts and infotainment services, in the United States U.S. on a subscription fee basis. Sirius XM s packages include live, curated and certain exclusive and on demand programming. Sirius XM is distributed through its two proprietary satellite radio systems and streamed via the SXM App for mobile devices, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. Sirius XM also provides connected vehicle services and a suite of in-vehicle data services. The Pandora and Off-platform business operates a music, comedy and podcast streaming platform. Pandora is available as an ad-supported radio service, a radio subscription service, called Pandora Plus, and an on-demand subscription service, called Pandora Premium. Formula 1 is a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary and is also a reportable segment. Formula 1 is a global motorsports business that holds exclusive commercial rights with respect to the World Championship, an annual, approximately nine-month long, motor race-based competition in which teams compete for the Constructors' Championship and drivers compete for the Drivers' Championship. The World Championship takes place on various circuits with a varying number of events Events taking place in different countries around the world each season. Formula 1 is responsible for the commercial exploitation and development of the World Championship as well as various aspects of its management and administration. Our Corporate and Other category includes a consolidated subsidiary, Braves Holdings, LLC Braves Holdings ), an investment in Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. Live Nation and corporate expenses. We also maintain minority positions in other public companies. As discussed in note 2 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on April 15, 2016, Liberty completed the Recapitalization, which created three new tracking stock groups. A tracking stock is a type of common stock that the issuing company intends to reflect or track the economic performance of a particular business or group, rather than the economic performance of the company as a whole. While the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Liberty Braves Group (the Braves Group and Formula One Group have separate collections of businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to them, no group is a separate legal entity and therefore cannot own assets, issue securities or enter into legally binding agreements. Therefore, the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Braves Group and Formula One Group do not represent separate legal entities, but rather represent those businesses, assets and liabilities that have been attributed to each respective group. Holders of tracking stock have no direct claim to the group s stock or assets and therefore, do not own, by virtue of their ownership of a Liberty tracking stock, any equity or voting interest in a company, such as Sirius XM Holdings or Live Nation, in which Liberty holds an interest that is attributed to a Liberty tracking stock group, such as the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Holders of tracking stock are also not represented by separate boards of directors. Instead, holders of tracking stock are stockholders of the parent corporation, with a single board of directors and subject to all of the risks and liabilities of the parent corporation. As part of the Recapitalization, the Formula One Group initially held a 20 intergroup interest in the Braves Group. As a result of a rights offering in May 2016 to holders of Liberty Braves common stock to acquire shares of Series C Liberty Braves common stock, the number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest held by the Formula One Group was adjusted to 9,084,940, representing a 15.1 intergroup interest in the Braves Group at December 31, 2019. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2019, the Formula One Group began purchasing shares of Liberty SiriusXM 
 II-4 

Table of Contents 
 common stock. As of December 31, 2019, the number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest held by the Formula One Group was 493,278, representing a 0.2 intergroup interest in the Liberty SiriusXM Group. On April 22, 2020, the Company s board of directors (the Board of Directors approved the immediate reattribution of certain assets and liabilities between the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group (collectively, the reattribution ). The assets reattributed from the Formula One Group to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, valued at 2.8 billion, consisted of: Liberty s entire Live Nation stake, consisting of approximately 69.6 million shares of Live Nation common stock; a newly-created Formula One Group intergroup interest, consisting of approximately 5.3 million notional shares of Liberty Formula One common stock, to cover exposure under Liberty s 1.375 cash convertible senior notes due 2023 (the Convertible Notes ); the bond hedge and warrants associated with the Convertible Notes; the entire Liberty SiriusXM Group intergroup interest, consisting of approximately 1.9 million notional shares of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, thereby eliminating the Liberty SiriusXM Group intergroup interest; and a portion, consisting of approximately 2.3 million notional shares of Liberty Braves common stock, of the Formula One Group s intergroup interest in the Braves Group, to cover exposure under the Convertible Notes. 
 The reattributed liabilities, valued at 1.3 billion, consisted of: the Convertible Notes; 
 Liberty s 2.25 exchangeable senior debentures due 2048; and 
 Liberty s margin loan secured by shares of Live Nation Live Nation Margin Loan ). 
 
 Similarly, 1.5 billion of net asset value was reattributed from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group, comprised of: a call spread between the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group with respect to 34.8 million of the Live Nation shares that were reattributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group; and a net cash payment of 1.4 billion from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group, which was funded by a combination of (x) cash on hand, (y) an additional 400 million drawn from the Company s existing margin loan secured by shares of common stock of Sirius XM Holdings, and (z) the creation of an intergroup loan obligation from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group in the principal amount of 750 million, plus interest thereon, which was repaid with the proceeds from the LSXMK rights offering described below (the Intergroup Loan ). 
 The reattribution is reflected in the Company s financial statements on a prospective basis. The term Liberty SiriusXM Group does not represent a separate legal entity, rather it represents those businesses, assets and liabilities that have been attributed to that group. As of December 31, 2022, the Liberty SiriusXM Group is primarily comprised of Liberty s interests in Sirius XM Holdings and Live Nation, corporate cash, Liberty s 1.375 Cash Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 and related financial instruments, Liberty s 2.125 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048, Liberty s 2.75 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049, Liberty s 0.5 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 and margin loan obligations incurred by wholly-owned special purpose subsidiaries of Liberty. As of December 31, 2022, the Liberty SiriusXM Group has cash and cash equivalents of approximately 362 million, which includes 57 million of subsidiary cash. Additionally, the Liberty SiriusXM Group holds intergroup interests in the Formula One Group and Braves Group of approximately 1.7 and 2.9 , respectively, valued at 223 million and 59 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The term Braves Group does not represent a separate legal entity, rather it represents those businesses, assets and liabilities that have been attributed to that group. As of December 31, 2022, the Braves Group is primarily comprised 
 II-5 

Table of Contents 
 of Braves Holdings, which indirectly owns the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball Club ANLBC or the Braves ), certain assets and liabilities associated with the Braves stadium Truist Park or the Stadium and a mixed-use development around Truist Park that features retail, office, hotel and entertainment opportunities (the Mixed-Use Development and corporate cash. As of December 31, 2022, the Braves Group has cash and cash equivalents of approximately 151 million, which includes 81 million of subsidiary cash. Additionally, the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group retain intergroup interests in the Braves Group. The term Formula One Group does not represent a separate legal entity, rather it represents those businesses, assets and liabilities that have been attributed to that group. As of December 31, 2022, the Formula One Group is primarily comprised of all of the businesses, assets and liabilities of Liberty other than those specifically attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group or the Braves Group, including Liberty s interest in Formula 1, cash, Liberty s 1 Cash Convertible Notes due 2023 and Liberty s 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027. The Formula One Group also has an intergroup interest in the Braves Group of approximately 11.0 , valued at 219 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Formula One Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1,733 million, which includes 752 million of subsidiary cash. On April 22, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized management of the Company to cause subscription rights (the Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights to purchase shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value 0.01 per share LSXMK ), in a rights offering (the LSXMK rights offering to be distributed to holders of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value 0.01 per share, Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and LSXMK. In the LSXMK rights offering, Liberty distributed 0.0939 of a Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right for each share of Series A, Series B or Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock held as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 13, 2020. Fractional Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights were rounded up to the nearest whole right. Each whole Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right entitled the holder to purchase, pursuant to the basic subscription privilege, one share of LSXMK at a subscription price of 25.47, which was equal to an approximate 20 discount to the volume weighted average trading price of LSXMK for the 3-day trading period ending on and including May 8, 2020. Each Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right also entitled the holder to subscribe for additional shares of LSXMK that were unsubscribed for in the LSXMK rights offering pursuant to an oversubscription privilege. The LSXMK rights offering commenced on May 18, 2020, which was also the ex-dividend date for the distribution of the Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights. The LSXMK rights offering expired at 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on June 5, 2020 and was fully subscribed with 29,594,089 shares of LSXMK issued to those rightsholders exercising basic and, if applicable, oversubscription privileges. The proceeds from the LSXMK rights offering, which aggregated approximately 754 million, were used to repay the outstanding balance on the Intergroup Loan and accrued interest. During November 2022, the Board of Directors authorized management of the Company to pursue a plan to redeem each outstanding share of its Liberty Braves common stock in exchange for one share of the corresponding series of common stock of a newly formed entity, Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. (the Split-Off ). Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. will be comprised of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Braves Group. The intergroup interests in the Braves Group attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and Formula One Group remaining immediately prior to the Split-Off, however, will be settled and extinguished in connection with the Split-Off. Following the Split-Off, the Company intends to reclassify its then-outstanding shares of common stock into three new tracking stocks to be designated Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Formula One common stock and Liberty Live common stock, and, in connection therewith, provide for the attribution of the businesses, assets and liabilities of the Company s remaining tracking stock groups among its newly created Liberty SiriusXM Group, Formula One Group and Liberty Live Group (the Reclassification ). The Split-Off and the Reclassification will be subject to various conditions. Both transactions will be conditioned on, among other things, certain requisite approvals of the holders of the Company s common stock and the receipt of opinions of tax counsel. In addition, the Split-Off will be conditioned on the requisite approval of Major League Baseball and the receipt of an IRS ruling. Further, the Reclassification is dependent and conditioned on the approval and completion of the Split-Off, and will not be implemented unless the Split-Off is completed; however, the Split-Off is not dependent upon the approval of the Reclassification and may be implemented even if the Reclassification is not approved. Each of 
 II-6 

Table of Contents 
 the Split-Off and the Reclassification is intended to be tax-free to stockholders of the Company. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions, the Company expects to complete the Split-Off and the Reclassification in the first half of 2023. As a result of coronavirus outbreak COVID-19 ), the start of the 2020 Formula 1 race calendar, comprised of 17 Events, and the Major League Baseball season, comprised of 60 regular season games, were delayed until the beginning of July 2020 and end of July 2020, respectively. In addition, in mid-March 2020, Live Nation suspended all large-scale live entertainment events due to COVID-19. The 2021 regular baseball season was comprised of 161 games, which approximates the number of regular season games held in years prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Formula 1 originally scheduled 23 Events in 2021, and after a number of Events were cancelled and/or replaced, a record 22 Events took place. Braves Holdings and Formula 1 had limitations on the number of fans in attendance at certain games and Events in 2021, thereby reducing revenue associated with fan attendance. Starting in the third quarter of 2021, Live Nation saw a meaningful restart of its operations, with growth in ticket sales, new sponsor partners and the resumption of shows, primarily in the U.S. and United Kingdom U.K. ). In 2022, the Braves played a full 162 game schedule and Formula 1 held 22 Events. Although Formula 1, Braves Holdings and Live Nation saw a more complete return to normal business operations, schedules and events in 2022, it is unclear whether and to what extent COVID-19 concerns, or a future pandemic or epidemic, will impact the use of and/or demand for the entertainment, events and services provided by these businesses and demand for sponsorship and advertising assets. If these businesses face cancelled events, closed venues and reduced attendance in the future, the impact may substantially decrease our revenue. Due to the revenue reductions caused by COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021, these businesses have looked to reduce expenses, but should such impacts resume, the businesses may not be able to reduce expenses to the same degree as any decline in revenue, which may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Strategies and Challenges of Business Units Sirius XM Holdings. Sirius XM Holdings is focused on several initiatives to increase its revenue. Sirius XM Holdings regularly evaluates its business plans and strategy. Currently, its strategies include: the acquisition of unique or compelling programming; the development and introduction of new features or services; significant new or enhanced distribution arrangements; investments in infrastructure, such as satellites, equipment or radio spectrum; and acquisitions and investments, including acquisitions and investments that are not directly related to its existing business. 
 Sirius XM Holdings faces certain key challenges in its attempt to meet these goals, including: its ability to convince owners and lessees of new and used vehicles that include satellite radios to purchase subscriptions to its service; potential loss of subscribers due to economic conditions and competition from other entertainment providers; competition for both listeners and advertisers, including providers of radio and other audio services; the operational performance of its satellites; the effectiveness of integration of acquired businesses and assets into its operations; the performance of its manufacturers, programming providers, vendors, and retailers; and unfavorable changes in legislation. 

 II-7 

Table of Contents 
 Formula 1. Formula 1 s goal is to further broaden and increase the global scale and appeal of the FIA Formula One World Championship (the World Championship in order to improve the overall value of Formula 1 as a sport and its financial performance. Key factors of this strategy include: continuing to seek and identify opportunities to expand and develop the Event calendar and bring Events to attractive and/or strategically important new markets outside of Europe, which typically have higher race promotion fees, while continuing to build on the foundation of the sport in Europe; developing sponsorship revenue, including increasing sales of Event-based packages and under the Global Partner program, and exploring opportunities in underexploited product categories; capturing opportunities created by media s evolution, including the growth of social media and the development of Formula 1 s digital media assets; building up the entertainment experience for fans and engaging with new fans on a global basis to further drive race attendance and television viewership; and 
 improving the on-track competitive balance of the World Championship and the long term financial stability of the participating Teams; and improving the environmental sustainability of Formula One and its related activities, targeting a net zero carbon footprint by 2030, 100 sustainable fuel by 2026 and sustainable race events by 2025, and building on Formula 1 s initiatives to fight inequality and improve the diversity and opportunity in Formula 1 at all levels. 

 II-8 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Consolidated General. Provided in the tables below is information regarding our Consolidated Operating Results and Other Income and Expense, as well as information regarding the contribution to those items from our consolidated reportable segments. The corporate and other category consists of those assets or businesses which do not qualify as a separate reportable segment. For a more detailed discussion and analysis of the financial results of our principal reportable segment, see Results of Operations Businesses below. Consolidated Operating Results 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue Liberty SiriusXM Group Sirius XM Holdings 9,003 8,696 8,040 Total Liberty SiriusXM Group 9,003 8,696 8,040 Braves Group Corporate and other 588 568 178 Total Braves Group 588 568 178 Formula One Group Formula 1 2,573 2,136 1,145 Total Formula One Group 2,573 2,136 1,145 Consolidated Liberty 12,164 11,400 9,363 Operating Income (Loss) Liberty SiriusXM Group Sirius XM Holdings 1,958 1,945 790 Corporate and other (39) (28) (41) Total Liberty SiriusXM Group 1,919 1,917 749 Braves Group Corporate and other (28) 20 (128) Total Braves Group (28) 20 (128) Formula One Group Formula 1 239 92 (386) Corporate and other (66) (52) (58) Total Formula One Group 173 40 (444) Consolidated Liberty 2,064 1,977 177 Adjusted OIBDA Liberty SiriusXM Group Sirius XM Holdings 2,833 2,770 2,575 Corporate and other (26) (15) (31) Total Liberty SiriusXM Group 2,807 2,755 2,544 Braves Group Corporate and other 61 104 (53) Total Braves Group 61 104 (53) Formula One Group Formula 1 593 495 56 Corporate and other (42) (29) (38) Total Formula One Group 551 466 18 Consolidated Liberty 3,419 3,325 2,509 
 II-9 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue. Our consolidated revenue increased 764 million and 2,037 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The 2022 increase was driven by increases at Formula 1, Sirius XM Holdings and Braves Holdings of 437 million, 307 million and 20 million, respectively. The 2021 increase was driven by increases at Formula 1, Sirius XM Holdings and Braves Holdings of 991 million, 656 million and 390 million, respectively. See Results of Operations Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Braves Holdings. Operating income. Our consolidated operating income increased 87 million and 1,800 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The 2022 increase was driven by 147 million and 13 million increases in Formula 1 and Sirius XM Holdings operating results, respectively, partially offset by a 46 million decrease in Braves Holdings operating results. The 2021 increase was driven by 1,155 million, 478 million and 152 million increases in Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Braves Holdings operating results, respectively. See Results of Operations Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Braves Holdings. Stock-based compensation. Stock-based compensation includes compensation related to (1) options and stock appreciation rights for shares of our common stock that are granted to certain of our officers and employees, (2) phantom stock appreciation rights granted to officers and employees of certain of our subsidiaries pursuant to private equity plans and (3) amortization of restricted stock grants. We recorded 237 million, 256 million and 261 million of stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in stock compensation expense in 2022 as compared to 2021 is primarily due to decreases of 14 million and 5 million at Formula 1 and Sirius XM Holdings, respectively. The decrease in stock compensation expense in 2021 as compared to 2020 is primarily due to a decrease of 21 million at Sirius XM Holdings, partially offset by increases of 6 million and 4 million at Braves Holdings and Formula 1, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Sirius XM Holdings stock options and restricted stock units was 472 million. The Sirius XM Holdings unrecognized compensation cost will be recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations over a weighted average period of approximately 2.5 years. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Liberty equity awards was approximately 31 million. Such amount will be recognized in our consolidated statements of operations over a weighted average period of approximately 1.4 years. See Results of Operations Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Braves Holdings. Adjusted OIBDA. To provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results, we also disclose Adjusted OIBDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We define Adjusted OIBDA as operating income (loss) plus depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, separately reported litigation settlements, restructuring, acquisition and impairment charges. Our chief operating decision maker and management team use this measure of performance in conjunction with other measures to evaluate our businesses and make decisions about allocating resources among our businesses. We believe this is an important indicator of the operational strength and performance of our businesses by identifying those items that are not directly a reflection of each business performance or indicative of ongoing business trends. In addition, this measure allows us to view operating results, perform analytical comparisons and benchmarking between businesses and identify strategies to improve performance. Adjusted OIBDA should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, operating income, net income, cash flow provided by operating activities and 
 II-10 

Table of Contents 
 other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The following table provides a reconciliation of Operating income (loss) to Adjusted OIBDA: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Operating income (loss) 2,064 1,977 177 Depreciation and amortization 1,044 1,072 1,083 Stock-based compensation 237 256 261 Litigation settlements and reserves (16) Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries 74 20 1,004 Adjusted OIBDA 3,419 3,325 2,509 Consolidated Adjusted OIBDA increased 94 million and 816 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increase in 2022 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to increases of 98 million and 63 million in Formula 1 and Sirius XM Holdings Adjusted OIBDA, respectively, partially offset by a 40 million decrease in Braves Holdings Adjusted OIBDA. The increase in 2021 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to increases of 439 million, 195 million and 160 million in Formula 1, Sirius XM Holdings and Braves Holdings Adjusted OIBDA, respectively. See Results of Operations Businesses below for a more complete discussion of the results of operations of Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Braves Holdings. 
 II-11 

Table of Contents 
 Other Income and Expense Components of Other Income (Expense) are presented in the table below. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Interest expense Liberty SiriusXM Group (511) (495) (462) Braves Group (29) (24) (26) Formula One Group (149) (123) (146) Consolidated Liberty (689) (642) (634) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates Liberty SiriusXM Group 67 (253) (484) Braves Group 32 30 6 Formula One Group 23 (108) Consolidated Liberty 99 (200) (586) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net Liberty SiriusXM Group 471 (433) (521) Braves Group 13 3 (10) Formula One Group 115 (21) 129 Consolidated Liberty 599 (451) (402) Gains (losses) on dilution of investment in affiliate Liberty SiriusXM Group 10 152 4 Braves Group Formula One Group Consolidated Liberty 10 152 4 Other, net Liberty SiriusXM Group 32 (60) (17) Braves Group 20 (1) Formula One Group 58 14 23 Consolidated Liberty 110 (47) 6 129 (1,188) (1,612) Interest expense. Consolidated interest expense increased 47 million and 8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense for the Liberty Sirius XM Group increased as compared to the corresponding prior year primarily due to an increase in interest rates on the margin loan secured by shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock and interest expense for the Formula One Group increased as compared to the corresponding prior year primarily due to an increase in interest rates on Formula 1 s Senior Loan Facility. During the year ended December 31, 2021, interest expense for the Liberty SiriusXM Group increased as compared to the corresponding prior year due to an increase in the average amount of corporate and subsidiary debt outstanding. Interest expense for the Formula One Group decreased during the year ended December 21, 2021 as compared to the corresponding prior year due to a decrease in the average amount of corporate and subsidiary debt outstanding. As previously disclosed, certain debt was reattributed from the Formula One Group to the Liberty SiriusXM Group effective April 22, 2020. The interest related to such debt is reflected in interest expense for the Formula One Group prior to the reattribution and in interest expense for the Liberty SiriusXM Group following the reattribution. 
 II-12 

Table of Contents 
 Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates. The following table presents our share of earnings (losses) of affiliates: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Liberty SiriusXM Group Live Nation 72 (235) (465) Sirius XM Canada 4 5 Other (5) (22) (24) Total Liberty SiriusXM Group 67 (253) (484) Braves Group Other 32 30 6 Total Braves Group 32 30 6 Formula One Group Live Nation NA NA (112) Other 23 4 Total Formula One Group 23 (108) 99 (200) (586) Liberty s interest in Live Nation was reattributed from the Formula One Group to the Liberty SiriusXM Group effective April 22, 2020. Due to the impact of COVID-19, Live Nation recorded significant losses during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments are comprised of changes in the fair value of the following: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Debt and equity securities (7) 204 (74) Debt measured at fair value 717 (886) (114) Change in fair value of bond hedges (236) 193 (127) Other 125 38 (87) 599 (451) (402) The changes in unrealized gains (losses) on debt and equity securities (as defined in note 3 of our accompanying consolidated financial statements) are due to market factors primarily driven by changes in the fair value of the stock underlying these financial instruments. Changes in unrealized gains (losses) on debt measured at fair value are due to market factors primarily driven by changes in the fair value of the underlying shares into which the debt is exchangeable. Liberty issued 1 billion of cash convertible notes and entered into a bond hedge transaction on the same amount of underlying shares in October 2013. These derivatives are marked to fair value on a recurring basis. The primary driver of the change in the fair value of bond hedges is the change in the fair value of the underlying stock. Other unrealized gains (losses) are primarily driven by changes in the fair value of Formula 1 s interest rate swaps. Gains (losses) on dilution of investment in affiliate. The gains on dilution of investments in affiliates during the year ended December 31, 2021, was driven by a common stock offering of approximately 5.2 million shares by Live Nation during September 2021. 
 II-13 

Table of Contents 
 Other, net. Other, net income increased during 2022, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to gains on extinguishment of debt related to Liberty SiriusXM Group corporate debt and Formula One Group corporate debt. The increase for 2022 was also driven by an increase in interest income and gains on the sale of three minor league teams at Braves Holdings. The increase in other, net expense in 2021, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, was primarily driven by an increase in losses on extinguishment of debt related to Sirius XM Holdings. Income taxes. The Company had income tax expense of 164 million, income tax expense of 45 million and income tax benefit of 44 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 7 , 6 and 3 , respectively. Our effective tax rate for all three years was impacted for the following reasons: During 2022, our effective tax rate was lower than the 21 U.S. federal tax rate due to a decrease in our valuation allowance, partially offset by the effect of state income taxes. During 2021, our effective tax rate was lower than the 21 U.S. federal tax rate due to federal income tax credits, the settlement of state income tax audits at Sirius XM Holdings and a change in the Company s foreign effective tax rate, partially offset by an increase in the Company s valuation allowance, the effect of state income taxes and certain losses that are not deductible for income tax purposes. During 2020, our effective tax rate was lower than the 21 U.S. federal tax rate due to additional tax expense related to an impairment loss on goodwill that is not deductible for tax purposes and an increase in the Company s valuation allowance, partially offset by tax benefits related to changes in the Company s foreign effective tax rate and federal tax credits. 
 On February 1, 2021, the Company entered into a tax sharing agreement with Sirius XM Holdings governing the allocation of consolidated U.S. income tax liabilities and setting forth agreements with respect to other tax matters when one corporation owns stock representing at least 80 of the voting power and value of the outstanding capital stock of the other corporation. On November 1, 2021, Liberty entered into an exchange agreement with certain counterparties to acquire an aggregate of 43,658,800 shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock in exchange for the issuance by Liberty to the counterparties of an aggregate of 5,347,320 shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock. Following the closing of the exchange on November 3, 2021, Liberty and Sirius XM Holdings became members of the same consolidated federal income tax group. The tax sharing agreement with Sirius XM Holdings, dated February 1, 2021, governs the allocation of consolidated and combined tax liabilities and sets forth agreements with respect to other tax matters. The tax sharing agreement and Sirius XM Holdings inclusion in the Company s consolidated federal income tax group is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. See note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the tax sharing agreement. Net earnings. We had net earnings of 2,029 million, earnings of 744 million and losses of 1,391 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The change in net earnings was the result of the above-described fluctuations in our revenue, expenses and other gains and losses. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents were invested in U.S. Treasury securities, other government securities or government guaranteed funds, AAA rated money market funds and other highly rated financial and corporate debt instruments. The following are potential sources of liquidity: available cash balances, cash generated by the operating activities of our subsidiaries (to the extent such cash exceeds the working capital needs of the subsidiaries and is not otherwise restricted), proceeds from net asset sales, monetization of our public investment portfolio (including derivatives), debt borrowings and equity issuances, available borrowing capacity under margin loans, and dividend and interest receipts. Liberty currently does not have a corporate debt rating. 
 II-14 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, Liberty s cash and cash equivalents were as follows: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents amounts in millions Liberty SiriusXM Group Sirius XM Holdings 57 Corporate and other 305 Total Liberty SiriusXM Group 362 Braves Group Corporate and other 151 Total Braves Group 151 Formula One Group Formula 1 752 Corporate and other 981 Total Formula One Group 1,733 The Company has a controlling interest in Sirius XM Holdings which has significant cash flows provided by operating activities, although due to Sirius XM Holdings being a separate public company and the significant noncontrolling interest, we do not have ready access to its cash. Cash held by Formula 1 is accessible by Liberty, except when a restricted payment RP test imposed by the first lien term loans and the revolving credit facility at Formula 1 is not met. Pursuant to the RP test, Liberty does not have access to Formula 1 s cash when Formula 1 s leverage ratio (defined as net debt divided by covenant earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization for the trailing twelve months) exceeds a certain threshold. As of December 31, 2022, Formula 1 has not made any distributions to Liberty. If distributions are made in the future, the RP test, pro forma for such distributions, would have to be met. As of December 31, 2022, Liberty had 875 million available under Liberty s margin loan secured by shares of Sirius XM Holdings and 400 million available under Liberty s margin loan secured by shares of Live Nation. Liberty believes that it currently has appropriate legal structures in place to repatriate foreign cash as tax efficiently as possible and meet the business needs of the Company. As stated in note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company, Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Braves Holdings are in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for disclosures related to the anticipated effects of the transition away from London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest on Liberty s margin loans, Sirius XM Holdings borrowings under its credit facility (except for the incremental term loan, which carries a variable interest rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR and Braves Holdings borrowings under its mixed-use credit facilities. 
 II-15 

Table of Contents 
 The cash provided (used) by our continuing operations was as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flow Information amounts in millions Liberty SiriusXM Group cash provided (used) by operating activities 1,959 1,894 1,924 Braves Group cash provided (used) by operating activities 53 62 (55) Formula One Group cash provided (used) by operating activities 534 481 (139) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 2,546 2,437 1,730 Liberty SiriusXM Group cash provided (used) by investing activities (493) (64) (734) Braves Group cash provided (used) by investing activities 53 (25) (77) Formula One Group cash provided (used) by investing activities 394 (600) 75 Net cash provided (used) by investing activities (46) (689) (736) Liberty SiriusXM Group cash provided (used) by financing activities (1,702) (2,232) (689) Braves Group cash provided (used) by financing activities (177) 22 105 Formula One Group cash provided (used) by financing activities (1,269) 512 1,158 Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (3,148) (1,698) 574 Liberty s primary uses of corporate cash during the year ended December 31, 2022 (excluding cash used by Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Braves Holdings) were 2.0 billion of debt repayments, 358 million of Series A and Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock repurchases, 241 million to purchase land adjacent to the Las Vegas Strip in support of the 2023 Las Vegas Grand Prix and 37 million of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock repurchases. These uses were primarily funded by the issuance of 475 million aggregate principal amount of Liberty s 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 and 350 million of borrowings under the margin loans secured by shares of Live Nation and Sirius XM Holdings, dividends from Sirius XM Holdings and cash on hand. Sirius XM Holdings primary uses of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022 were dividends paid to stockholders, repurchase and retirement of outstanding Sirius XM Holdings common stock, additions to property and equipment and acquisitions. The Sirius XM Holdings uses of cash were funded by borrowings of debt and cash provided by operating activities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings declared quarterly dividends and a special dividend and paid in cash an aggregate amount of 1,339 million, of which Liberty received 1,090 million. Braves Holdings primary use of cash during the year ended December 31, 2022 was debt service, funded primarily by cash on hand, cash from operations and distributions from equity method affiliates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Formula 1 had 477 million of net debt repayments, funded primarily by cash on hand and cash from operations. The projected uses of Liberty s cash (excluding Sirius XM Holdings , Formula 1 s and Braves Holdings uses of cash) are primarily capital expenditures, the investment in new or existing businesses, debt service, including further repayment of the margin loan secured by shares of Sirius XM Holdings and the potential buyback of common stock under the approved share buyback program. Liberty expects to fund its projected uses of cash with cash on hand, borrowing capacity under margin loans and outstanding or new debt instruments, or dividends or distributions from operating subsidiaries. Liberty expects to receive quarterly cash dividends from Sirius XM Holdings, which are non-taxable because Liberty and Sirius XM Holdings are members of the same consolidated federal income tax group. Net payments of income tax liabilities may be required to settle items under discussion with tax authorities. Sirius XM Holdings uses of cash are expected to be capital expenditures, including the construction of replacement satellites, working capital requirements, interest payments, repurchases of outstanding Sirius XM Holdings common stock, interest payments, taxes and scheduled maturities of outstanding debt. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings board of directors expects to declare regular quarterly dividends. On January 25, 2023, Sirius XM Holdings board of directors declared a quarterly dividend on its common stock in the amount of 0.0242 per share of common stock, payable on February 24, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 9, 2023. Liberty expects Sirius XM 
 II-16 

Table of Contents 
 Holdings to fund its projected uses of cash with cash on hand, cash provided by operations and borrowings under its existing credit facility. Formula 1 s uses of cash are expected to be capital expenditures, debt service payments and operating expenses. Liberty expects Formula 1 to fund its projected uses of cash with cash on hand and cash provided by operations. Braves Holdings uses of cash are expected to be expenditures related to the Mixed-Use Development, debt service payments and operating expenses. Liberty expects Braves Holdings to fund its projected uses of cash with cash on hand, cash provided by operations and through borrowings under construction loans. We believe that the available sources of liquidity are sufficient to cover our projected future uses of cash. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Material Cash Requirements Information concerning the amount and timing of required payments, both accrued and off-balance sheet, excluding uncertain tax positions as it is indeterminable when payments will be made, is summarized below. 

Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 2 - 3 years 4 - 5 years After 5 years amounts in millions Material Cash Requirements Long-term debt (1) 16,617 1,109 1,607 3,367 10,534 Interest payments (2) 4,637 659 1,250 1,163 1,565 Programming and royalty fees (3) 1,873 738 799 225 111 Employment agreements (4) 868 184 247 204 233 Lease obligations 677 86 152 136 303 Other obligations (5) 1,032 384 510 93 45 Total consolidated 25,704 3,160 4,565 5,188 12,791 

 (1) Amounts are stated at the face amount at maturity of our debt instruments and may differ from the amounts stated in our consolidated balance sheet to the extent debt instruments (i) were issued at a discount or premium or (ii) have elements which are reported at fair value in our consolidated balance sheet. Amounts do not assume additional borrowings or refinancings of existing debt. (2) Amounts (i) are based on our outstanding debt at December 31, 2022, (ii) assume the interest rates on our variable rate debt remain constant at the December 31, 2022 rates and (iii) assume that our existing debt is repaid at maturity. (3) Sirius XM Holdings has entered into various programming and content agreements under which Sirius XM Holdings obligations include fixed payments, advertising commitments and revenue sharing arrangements. In certain arrangements, the future revenue sharing costs are dependent upon many factors and are difficult to estimate; therefore, they are not included in the table above. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings has entered into certain music royalty arrangements that include fixed payments and certain of its podcast agreements also contain minimum guarantees. (4) The Braves have entered into long-term employment contracts with certain of their players (current and former), coaches and executives. Amounts due under such contracts as of December 31, 2022 aggregated 868 million. In addition, certain players, coaches and executives may earn incentive compensation under the terms of their employment contracts. The Braves are under no legal obligation to pay Major League player salaries during any period that players do not render services during a labor dispute . (5) Includes amounts related to Sirius XM Holdings satellite and transmission, sales and marketing, satellite incentive payments, and other contractual commitments. Sirius XM Holdings satellite and transmission commitments are attributable to agreements for the design and construction of four additional satellites, SXM-9, SXM-10, SXM-11 and SXM-12, and agreements for the launch of two of those satellites. Sirius XM Holdings has also entered into agreements to operate and maintain satellite telemetry, tracking and control facilities and certain components of its terrestrial repeater networks. Sirius XM Holdings sales and marketing commitments primarily relate to payments to sponsors, retailers, automakers, radio manufacturers and other third parties pursuant to marketing, sponsorship and 
 II-17 

Table of Contents 
 distribution agreements to promote Sirius XM Holdings brands. Maxar Technologies (formerly Space Systems/Loral), the manufacturers of certain of Sirius XM Holdings in-orbit satellites, may be entitled to future in-orbit performance payments upon XM-5 meeting, SIRIUS FM-5, SIRIUS FM-6 and SXM-8 meeting their fifteen-year design life, which Sirius XM Holdings expects to occur. Additionally, Sirius XM Holdings has entered into various agreements with third parties for general operating purposes. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Listed below are the accounting estimates that we believe are critical to our financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved and the magnitude of the asset, liability, revenue or expense being reported. All of these accounting estimates and assumptions, as well as the resulting impact to our financial statements, have been discussed with our audit committee. Non-Financial Instrument Valuations. Our non-financial instrument valuations are primarily comprised of our determination of the estimated fair value allocation of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in business combinations, our annual assessment of the recoverability of our goodwill and other nonamortizable intangibles, such as trademarks, and our evaluation of the recoverability of our other long-lived assets upon certain triggering events. If the carrying value of our long-lived assets exceeds their estimated fair value, we are required to write the carrying value down to fair value. Any such writedown is included in impairment of long-lived assets in our consolidated statement of operations. A high degree of judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our long-lived assets. We may use quoted market prices, prices for similar assets, present value techniques and other valuation techniques to prepare these estimates. We may need to make estimates of future cash flows and discount rates as well as other assumptions in order to implement these valuation techniques. Due to the high degree of judgment involved in our estimation techniques, any value ultimately derived from our long-lived assets may differ from our estimate of fair value. As each of our operating segments has long-lived assets, this critical accounting policy affects the financial position and results of operations of each segment. As of December 31, 2022, the intangible assets not subject to amortization for each of our consolidated reportable segments were as follows (amounts in millions): 

Goodwill FCC Licenses Other Total Sirius XM Holdings 15,209 8,600 1,242 25,051 Formula 1 3,956 3,956 Other 176 124 300 Consolidated 19,341 8,600 1,366 29,307 We perform our annual assessment of the recoverability of our goodwill and other nonamortizable intangible assets in the fourth quarter each year, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The accounting guidance permits entities to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The accounting guidance also allows entities the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. The entity may resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. In evaluating goodwill on a qualitative basis, the Company reviews the business performance of each reporting unit and evaluates other relevant factors as identified in the relevant accounting guidance to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indicated impairment exists for any of our reporting units. The Company considers whether there are any negative macroeconomic conditions, industry specific conditions, market changes, increased competition, increased costs in doing business, management challenges, the legal environments and how these factors might impact company specific performance in future periods. As part of the analysis, the Company also considers fair value determinations for certain reporting units that have been made at various points throughout the current and prior year for other purposes. If based on the qualitative analysis it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, the Company performs the quantitative impairment test. 
 II-18 

Table of Contents 
 Useful Life of Broadcast/Transmission System . Sirius XM Holdings satellite system includes the costs of satellite construction, launch vehicles, launch insurance, capitalized interest, spare satellites, terrestrial repeater network and satellite uplink facilities. Sirius XM Holdings monitors its satellites for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable. Sirius XM Holdings operates two in-orbit Sirius satellites, FM-5 and FM-6, which launched in 2009 and 2013, respectively, and estimates they will operate effectively through the end of their depreciable lives in 2024 and 2028, respectively. Sirius XM Holdings currently operates four in-orbit XM satellites, XM-3, XM-4, XM-5 and SXM-8. The XM-3 satellite, launched in 2005, and the XM-4 satellite, launched in 2006, are used as in-orbits spares and reached the end of their depreciable lives in 2020 and 2021, respectively. The XM-5 satellite was launched in 2010 and is expected to reach the end of its depreciable life in 2025. SXM-7 was launched into a geostationary orbit in December 2020 and in-orbit testing of SXM-7 began on January 4, 2021. During in-orbit testing of SXM-7, events occurred which caused failures of certain SXM-7 payload units. The evaluation of SXM-7 concluded that the satellite would not function as intended and the asset was fully impaired in 2021. The SXM-8 satellite was successfully launched into a geostationary orbit on June 6, 2021 and was placed into service on September 8, 2021 following the completion of in-orbit testing. The SXM-8 satellite replaced the XM-3 satellite. Sirius XM Holdings has entered into agreements for the design and construction of four additional satellites, SXM-9, SXM-10, SXM-11 and SXM-12. Sirius XM Holdings has also entered into agreements to launch two of these satellites. Sirius XM Holdings satellites have been designed to last fifteen-years. Sirius XM Holdings in-orbit satellites may experience component failures which could adversely affect their useful lives. Sirius XM Holdings monitors the operating condition of its in-orbit satellites and if events or circumstances indicate that the depreciable lives of its in-orbit satellites have changed, the depreciable life will be modified accordingly. If Sirius XM Holdings were to revise its estimates, depreciation expense would change. Income Taxes. We are required to estimate the amount of tax payable or refundable for the current year and the deferred income tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been reflected in our financial statements or tax returns for each taxing jurisdiction in which we operate. This process requires our management to make judgments regarding the timing and probability of the ultimate tax impact of the various agreements and transactions that we enter into. Based on these judgments we may record tax reserves or adjustments to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets to reflect the expected realizability of future tax benefits. Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future changes in income tax law, significant changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, our inability to generate sufficient future taxable income or unpredicted results from the final determination of each year s liability by taxing authorities. These changes could have a significant impact on our financial position. Results of Operations Businesses Liberty SiriusXM Group Sirius XM Holdings Sirius XM Holdings operates two complementary audio entertainment business, Sirius XM and Pandora and Off-platform. Sirius XM features music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic and weather channels and other content, as well as podcasts and infotainment services, in the U.S. on a subscription fee basis. Sirius XM s packages include live, curated and certain exclusive and on demand programming. The Sirius XM service is distributed through its two proprietary satellite radio systems and streamed via applications for mobile devices, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. Satellite radios are primarily distributed through automakers, retailers and Sirius XM s website. The Sirius XM service is also available through an in-car user interface called 360L, that combines Sirius XM s satellite and streaming services into a single, cohesive in-vehicle entertainment experience. 
 II-19 

Table of Contents 
 Sirius XM s primary source of revenue is subscription fees, with most of its customers subscribing to monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual plans. Sirius XM also derives revenue from advertising on select non-music channels, which is sold under the SXM Media brand, direct sales of Sirius XM s satellite radios and accessories, and other ancillary services. As of December 31, 2022, Sirius XM had approximately 34.3 million subscribers. In addition to Sirius XM s audio entertainment businesses, it provides connected vehicle services to several automakers. These services are designed to enhance the safety, security and driving experience of consumers. Sirius XM also offers a suite of data services that includes graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedules and scores and movie listings, a traffic information service that includes information as to road closings, traffic flow and incident data to consumers with compatible in-vehicle navigation systems, and real-time weather services in vehicles, boats and planes. In May 2020, Sirius XM terminated the Automatic Labs Inc. Automatic service, which was part of its connected services business. Automatic operated a service for consumers and auto dealers and offered an install-it-yourself adapter and mobile application, which transformed vehicles into connected vehicles. Sirius XM also holds a 70 equity interest and 33 voting interest in Sirius XM Canada Holdings Inc. Sirius XM Canada ). Sirius XM Canada's subscribers are not included in Sirius XM s subscriber count or subscriber-based operating metrics. Pandora operates a music and podcast streaming discovery platform, offering a personalized experience for each listener wherever and whenever they want to listen, whether through computers, tablets, mobile devices, vehicle speakers or connected devices. Pandora enables listeners to create personalized stations and playlists, discover new content, hear artist- and expert-curated playlists, podcasts and select Sirius XM content as well as search and play songs and albums on-demand. Pandora is available as (1) an ad-supported radio service, (2) a radio subscription service (Pandora Plus) and (3) an on-demand subscription service (Pandora Premium). As of December 31, 2022, Pandora had approximately 6.2 million subscribers. The majority of Pandora s revenue is generated from advertising on its ad-supported radio service which is sold under the SXM Media brand. Pandora also derives subscription revenue from its Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium subscribers. Pandora also sells advertising on other audio platforms and in widely distributed podcasts, which it considers to be off-platform services. Pandora has an arrangement with SoundCloud Holdings, LLC SoundCloud to be its exclusive ad sales representative in the U.S. and certain European countries and offer advertisers the ability to execute campaigns across the Pandora and SoundCloud platforms. Sirius XM Holdings also has arrangements to serve as the ad sales representative for certain podcasts. In addition, through AdsWizz, Inc. AdsWizz ), Pandora provides a comprehensive digital audio and programmatic advertising technology platform, which connects audio publishers and advertisers with a variety of ad insertion, campaign trafficking, yield optimization, programmatic buying, marketplace and podcast monetization solutions. In February 2020, Sirius XM Holdings completed a 75 million investment in SoundCloud. SoundCloud is a next-generation music entertainment company, powered by an ecosystem of artists, listeners, and curators on the pulse of what's new, now and next in music culture. SoundCloud s platform enables its users to upload, promote, share and create audio entertainment. In October 2020, Sirius XM Holdings acquired the assets of Stitcher from The E.W. Scripps Company and certain of its subsidiaries Scripps for total consideration of 302 million, which included 266 million in cash and 36 million related to contingent consideration. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Sirius XM Holdings recognized a 17 million benefit related to the change in fair value of the 2021 portion of the contingent consideration related to the Stitcher transaction. Refer to note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on these acquisitions. 
 II-20 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations We acquired a controlling interest in Sirius XM Holdings on January 18, 2013 and applied purchase accounting and consolidated the results of Sirius XM Holdings from that date. The results presented below include the impacts of acquisition accounting adjustments in all periods presented. On November 1, 2021, Liberty entered into an exchange agreement with certain counterparties to acquire an aggregate of 43,658,800 shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock in exchange for the issuance by Liberty to the counterparties of an aggregate of 5,347,320 shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock. Following the closing of the exchange on November 3, 2021, Liberty and Sirius XM Holdings became members of the same consolidated federal income tax group. The tax sharing agreement with Sirius XM Holdings, dated February 1, 2021, governs the allocation of consolidated and combined tax liabilities and sets forth agreements with respect to other tax matters . Also on November 1, 2021, Sirius XM Holdings entered into (i) an agreement with Liberty whereby Liberty agreed not to effect any merger with Sirius XM Holdings pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor to such statute) without obtaining the prior approval of a special committee of the Sirius XM Holdings board of directors, all of whom are independent of Liberty the Special Committee (or any successor special committee of Sirius XM Holdings independent and disinterested directors) and (ii) an agreement regarding certain tax matters relating to the exchange. Each of these agreements was negotiated by the Special Committee with Liberty. As of December 31, 2022, there is an approximate 18 noncontrolling interest in Sirius XM Holdings, and the net earnings of Sirius XM Holdings attributable to such noncontrolling interest is eliminated through the noncontrolling interest line item in the consolidated statement of operations. Sirius XM is a separate publicly traded company and additional information about Sirius XM can be obtained through its website and its public filings, which are not incorporated by reference herein. 
 II-21 

Table of Contents 
 Sirius XM Holdings operating results were as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Sirius XM: Subscriber revenue 6,370 6,084 5,857 Advertising revenue 196 188 157 Equipment revenue 189 201 173 Other revenue 150 151 155 Total Sirius XM revenue 6,905 6,624 6,342 Pandora and Off-platform: Subscriber revenue 522 530 515 Advertising revenue 1,576 1,542 1,183 Total Pandora and Off-platform revenue 2,098 2,072 1,698 Total revenue 9,003 8,696 8,040 Operating expenses (excluding stock-based compensation included below): Sirius XM cost of services (2,641) (2,594) (2,430) Pandora and Off-platform cost of services (excluding litigation reserve) (1,443) (1,329) (1,121) Subscriber acquisition costs (352) (325) (362) Selling, general and administrative expenses (excluding litigation settlement) (1,488) (1,449) (1,332) Other operating expenses (246) (229) (220) Adjusted OIBDA 2,833 2,770 2,575 Litigation settlements and reserves 16 Stock-based compensation (197) (202) (223) Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries (68) (20) (1,004) Depreciation and amortization (610) (603) (574) Operating income 1,958 1,945 790 Sirius XM Subscriber revenue includes self-pay and paid promotional subscriptions, U.S. Music Royalty Fees and other ancillary fees. Subscriber revenue increased 5 and 4 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were primarily driven by growth in Sirius XM s average monthly revenue per subscriber of 6 and 5 , respectively, and in Sirius XM s self-pay subscriber base of 1 and 4 , respectively, driving higher self-pay revenue and U.S. Music Royalty Fees, partially offset by lower revenue generated from automakers offering paid promotional subscriptions. Sirius XM Advertising revenue includes the sale of advertising on Sirius XM s non-music channels. Advertising revenue increased 4 and 20 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The increases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were due to a greater number of spots sold and aired, primarily on sports and news channels. Sirius XM Equipment revenue includes revenue and royalties for the sale of satellite radios, components and accessories. Equipment revenue decreased 6 and increased 16 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by lower royalties due to supplier cost increases related to semiconductor supply shortages as well as lower radio sales, partially offset by higher chipset production driven by an increase in Original Equipment Manufacturer OEM demand. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by higher royalty revenue from new vehicle production as automakers pushed to get back to pre-COVID-19 manufacturing levels during the first half of 2021 and due to Sirius XM s transition to a new generation of chipsets, partially offset by semiconductor supply shortages in the second half of 2021. 
 II-22 

Table of Contents 
 Sirius XM Other revenue includes service and advisory revenue from Sirius XM Canada, connected vehicle services, and ancillary revenue. Other revenue decreased 1 and 3 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by lower revenue from Sirius XM s connected vehicle services, partially offset by higher revenue generated by Sirius XM Canada. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by lower revenue generated by rental car arrangements. Pandora and Off-platform subscriber revenue includes fees charged for Pandora Plus, Pandora Premium, Stitcher and Simplecast subscriptions. Pandora and Off-platform subscriber revenue decreased 2 and increased 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the decline in Pandora s subscriber base. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by the inclusion of Stitcher during the full year 2021 as well as a 3 increase in average subscribers from 2020. Pandora and Off-platform advertising revenue is generated primarily from audio, display and video advertising from on-platform and off-platform advertising. Pandora and Off-platform advertising revenue increased 2 and 30 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by additional revenue generated by the Off-platform and podcast businesses, partially offset by a decline in on-platform revenue. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by strong monetization of on-platform programming to 102.74 per thousand hours, and higher off-platform revenue as well as a full year of Stitcher revenue. Sirius XM Cost of services includes revenue share and royalties, programming and content costs, customer service and billing expenses and other ancillary costs associated with providing the satellite radio service. Revenue Share and Royalties (excluding litigation settlements) includes royalties for transmitting content, including streaming royalties, as well as automaker, content provider and advertising revenue share. Revenue share and royalties increased 1 and 3 during 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the prior year periods. The increases were driven by overall greater revenue subject to royalties and revenue share. 
 Programming and Content includes costs to acquire, create, promote and produce content. Programming and content costs increased 7 and 14 during 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. The increases for both years were driven primarily by higher content licensing costs. Customer Service and Billing includes costs associated with the operation and management of Sirius XM s internal and third party customer service centers and Sirius XM s subscriber management systems as well as billing and collection costs, bad debt expense and transaction fees. Customer service and billing expense was relatively flat and increased 5 during 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. During 2022, higher transaction costs and bad debt expense resulting from a higher self-pay subscriber base were offset by lower call center costs. The increase for 2021 was driven by higher transaction costs, consulting and personnel-related costs, partially offset by lower bad debt expense and lower call center expense. Other includes costs associated with the operation and maintenance of Sirius XM s terrestrial repeater networks; satellites; satellite telemetry, tracking and control systems; satellite uplink facilities; studios; and delivery of Sirius XM s Internet and 360L streaming and connected vehicle services as well as costs from the sale of satellite radios, components and accessories and provisions for inventory allowance attributable to products purchased for resale in Sirius XM s direct to consumer distribution channels. Other costs of subscriber services decreased 4 and increased 25 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. The 2022 decrease was primarily driven by lower component and accessories sales and lower wireless costs, partially offset by costs associated with consumers using Sirius XM s 360L platform. The 2021 increase was primarily driven by costs associated with cloud hosting, wireless connectivity for Sirius XM s 360L platform, streaming content and connected vehicle services. 

 II-23 

Table of Contents 
 Pandora and Off-platform Cost of services (excluding legal reserve) includes revenue share and royalties, programming and content costs, customer service and billing expenses and other ancillary costs. Revenue share and royalties include licensing fees paid for streaming music or other content to Pandora s subscribers and listeners as a well as revenue share paid to third party ad servers. Pandora makes payments to third party ad servers for the period the advertising impressions are delivered or click-through actions occur, and accordingly, Pandora records this as a cost of service in the related period. Revenue share and royalties increased 10 and 20 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 increase was primarily due to costs related to the acquisition of rights to sell advertising in certain podcasts. The 2021 increase was primarily due to higher royalty rates associated with owned and operated revenue as well as higher AdsWizz revenue, the inclusion of Stitcher for a full year and the growth in other off-platform revenue. Programming and content includes costs to produce live listener events and promote content. Programming and content increased 22 and 59 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 increase was primarily attributable to higher personnel-related costs. The 2021 increase was primarily attributable to additional live events in 2021, higher license costs and personnel-related costs driven by the inclusion of Stitcher for a full year. Customer service and billing includes transaction fees on subscription purchases through mobile app stores and bad debt expense. Customer service and billing decreased 5 and 1 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 decrease was primarily driven by lower transaction fees. The 2021 decrease was primarily driven by lower bad debt expense, partially offset by higher transaction fees. Other includes costs associated with content streaming, maintaining Pandora s streaming radio and on-demand subscription services and creating and serving advertisements through third party ad servers. Other costs decreased 4 and increased 10 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 decrease was primarily driven by lower personnel-related costs. The 2021 increase was primarily driven by higher streaming costs. 
 Subscriber acquisition costs are costs associated with Sirius XM s satellite radio and include hardware subsidies paid to radio manufacturers, distributors and automakers, subsidies paid for chipsets and certain other components used in manufacturing radios; device royalties for certain radios and chipsets; product warranty obligations; and freight. The majority of subscriber acquisition costs are incurred and expensed in advance of acquiring a subscriber. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, subscriber acquisition costs increased 8 and decreased 10 , respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 increase was primarily driven by OEM installations, which grew 10 from 2021. The 2021 decrease was driven by lower subsidies from contract improvements with certain automakers as well as lower costs resulting from the semiconductor supply shortages during 2021, partially offset by slightly higher OEM installations. Selling, general and administrative (excluding litigation settlement) expense includes costs of marketing, advertising, media and production, including promotional events and sponsorships; cooperative and artist marketing; personnel related costs; facilities costs, finance, legal, human resources and information technology costs. Selling, general and administrative expense increased 3 and 9 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods. The 2022 increase was primarily driven by additional investments in advertising and marketing to support Sirius XM Holdings brands and streaming marketing expenditures and higher legal, data center and consulting costs, partially offset by lower personnel-related costs. The 2021 increase was primarily due to higher brand media, streaming and trial-related direct marketing costs as well as higher personnel-related, consulting and technology costs, partially offset by lower charitable contributions. Other operating expense includes engineering, design and development costs consisting primarily of compensation and related costs to develop chipsets and new products and services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other operating expense increased 7 and 4 , respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 increase was primarily driven by higher cloud hosting costs and higher personnel-related costs. The 
 II-24 

Table of Contents 
 2021 increase was primarily driven by higher personnel-related costs, partially offset by lower research and development costs. Litigation settlements and reserves for the year ended December 31, 2020 relates to the reversal of a pre-Pandora acquisition reserve of 16 million for royalties. This benefit is included in the revenue share and royalties line item in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 and has been excluded from Adjusted OIBDA as it was not part of Sirius XM Holdings normal operations and does not relate to the on-going performance of the business. Stock-based compensation decreased 2 and 9 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 decrease is primarily due to a decrease in Sirius XM s stock-based compensation and the 2021 decrease is primarily due to a decrease in Pandora s stock-based compensation. Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries include impairment charges associated with intangible assets, impairment charges, net of insurance recoveries, associated with the SXM-7 satellite, restructuring expenses associated with the abandonment of certain leased office spaces and acquisition costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings recorded 43 million of restructuring costs related to the termination of certain software projects, 16 million related to the impairment of vacated office spaces, 5 million related to the impairment of property and equipment located at the impaired office spaces, 6 million related to personnel severance and 2 million of acquisition costs, partially offset by a 4 million gain on the sale of real estate. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Sirius XM Holdings recorded 220 million of insurance recoveries, which offset the 220 million impairment recorded to the carrying value of the SXM-7 satellite after it experienced failures of certain payload units during in-orbit testing, restructuring costs of 25 million resulting from the termination of leased office space, acquisition costs of 12 million and reversed a 17 million liability related to the Stitcher acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Sirius XM Holdings recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 956 million related to the Pandora reporting unit, a 20 million impairment of Pandora s trademark, costs associated with the termination of the Automatic service and costs associated with the acquisitions of Simplecast and Stitcher. Depreciation and amortization increased 1 and 5 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The increases were due to higher depreciation expense related to additional assets placed in service. Formula One Group Formula 1. Formula 1 is a global motorsports business that holds exclusive commercial rights with respect to the World Championship, an annual, approximately nine-month long, motor race-based competition in which teams compete for the Constructors Championship and drivers compete for the Drivers Championship. The World Championship takes place on various circuits throughout the world. Formula 1 derives its primary revenue from the commercial exploitation and development of the World Championship through a combination of entering into race promotion, media rights and sponsorship arrangements. A significant majority of the race promotion, media rights and sponsorship contracts specify payments in advance and annual increases in the fees payable over the course of the contracts. The 2022 World Championship consisted of 22 Events, following the cancellation of the Russian Grand Prix, with record attendance and hospitality numbers well above pre-COVID-19 levels. The 2021 World Championship was originally scheduled to have 23 Events. Despite the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to the cancellation and / or replacement of certain Events, the 2021 World Championship consisted of a record 22 Events. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the start of the 2020 season was postponed, with certain Events being cancelled, certain new Events being added and others rescheduled to later dates. The 2020 World Championship revised calendar consisted of 17 Events. 
 II-25 

Table of Contents 
 Formula 1 s operating results were as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Primary Formula 1 revenue 2,107 1,850 1,029 Other Formula 1 revenue 466 286 116 Total Formula 1 revenue 2,573 2,136 1,145 Operating expenses (excluding stock-based compensation included below): Cost of Formula 1 revenue (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below) (1,750) (1,489) (974) Selling, general and administrative expenses (230) (152) (115) Adjusted OIBDA 593 495 56 Stock-based compensation (3) (17) (13) Depreciation and amortization (351) (386) (429) Operating income (loss) 239 92 (386) Number of Events 22 22 17 Primary Formula 1 revenue is derived from the commercial exploitation and development of the World Championship through a combination of race promotion fees (earned from granting the rights to host, stage and promote each Event on the World Championship calendar, fees from certain race promoters to license additional commercial rights from Formula 1 to secure Formula 2 and Formula 3 races at their Events and from technical service fees from promoters to support the origination of program footage), media rights fees (earned from licensing the right to broadcast Events and Formula 2 and Formula 3 races on television and other platforms, F1 TV subscriptions and other related services, the origination of program footage, footage from Formula 1 s archives and the licensing of radio broadcast and other ancillary media rights) and sponsorship fees (earned from the sale of World Championship and Event-related advertising and sponsorship rights and the servicing of such rights, rights to advertise on Formula 1 s digital platforms and at non-Championship related events). Primary Formula 1 revenue increased 257 million and 821 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. Sponsorship revenue increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, due to revenue from new sponsors. Race promotion revenue increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, due to higher fees generated from the mix of Events held, with three additional races held outside of Europe compared to 2021 and no one-time changes to the terms of contractual arrangements, as was the case for a limited number of Events in 2021. Media rights revenue increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, due to growth in F1 TV subscription revenue as well as increased revenue pursuant to certain new and renewed broadcasting agreements. Race promotion revenue increased during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, driven by five more Events in 2021, with the 2021 World Championship including more non-European events. In addition, fan attendance increased at Events as 2021 progressed, with a return to full capacity crowds at a number of Events. In comparison to 2020, there were only a limited number of one-time changes to the contractual terms of Events in 2021 as a result of limitations on fan attendance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, a one-time settlement related to another Event, relieving a race promoter from its obligation to stage a race that was originally scheduled to be held in 2020, also contributed to the increase in race promotion revenue. Media rights revenue increased during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, driven by higher broadcasting fees in 2021 due to more Events, improved terms in certain new and renewed broadcasting agreements, other contractual rate increases, and strong growth in F1 TV subscription revenue. Sponsorship revenue 
 II-26 

Table of Contents 
 increased during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, driven by revenue from new sponsors and the impact of five more Events in 2021. Other Formula 1 revenue is generated from miscellaneous and ancillary sources primarily related to facilitating the shipment of cars and equipment to and from events outside of Europe, revenue from the sale of tickets to the Formula One Paddock Club at most Events, support races at Events, various television production activities and other ancillary operations. Other Formula 1 revenue increased 180 million and 170 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 increase was primarily due to the ability to undertake a greater scope of activities when compared to 2021 due to the reduced impact of COVID-19. The Formula One Paddock Club operated at 19 Events in 2022 compared to only 11 Events during 2021, with increased attendance at 2022 Events. In addition, freight revenue increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to the increased number of Events outside of Europe and the impact of freight cost inflation on billing rates. The 2021 increase was driven by hospitality revenue generated from the sale of tickets to the Formula One Paddock Club, which only operated at one Event in 2020 due to COVID-19 related restrictions, higher licensing revenue from growth in gaming royalties and new contracts and higher freight and travel income from five more Events as well as more Events outside of Europe. Cost of Formula 1 revenue consists primarily of team payments. Other costs of Formula 1 revenue are largely variable in nature and relate to both primary and other Formula 1 revenue. The largest components of other costs of Formula 1 revenue include hospitality costs, which are principally related to catering and other aspects of the production and delivery of the Paddock Club, and those incurred in the provision and sale of freight, travel and logistical services. Other costs of Formula 1 revenue also include circuit rights fees payable under various agreements with race promoters to acquire certain commercial rights at Events, including the right to sell advertising, hospitality and support race opportunities, annual Federation Internationale de l Automobile FIA regulatory fees, advertising and sponsorship commissions, Formula 2 and Formula 3 cars, parts and maintenance services, television production and post-production services, advertising production services and digital and social media activities. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Team payments (1,157) (1,068) (711) Other costs of Formula 1 revenue (593) (421) (263) Cost of Formula 1 revenue (1,750) (1,489) (974) Cost of Formula 1 revenue increased 261 million and 515 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. Team payments increased 89 million and 357 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year, driven by increases in Formula 1 revenue and the associated impact on the calculation of variable Prize Fund elements, which are calculated with reference to Formula 1 s revenue and costs. Other costs of Formula 1 revenue increased 172 million and 158 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 increase was primarily driven by the impact of three more Events outside of Europe and inflation on freight costs and the impact of servicing eight additional Formula One Paddock Club events, combined with higher attendance at such events. The 2022 increase was also due to the impact of a greater scope of activities on FIA fees, technical, digital media, race promotion, travel and Formula 2 and Formula 3 related costs, and the impact of increased levels of sponsorship and F1 TV subscriptions on commissions and partner servicing costs to support revenue growth. The 2021 increase was attributable to costs associated with the operation of the Formula One Paddock Club at 11 Events, and higher technical, freight and logistics, digital media and other related costs, driven by five more Events and the requirements of the differing race calendar in 2021. 
 II-27 

Table of Contents 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses include personnel costs, legal, professional and other advisory fees, bad debt expense, rental expense, information technology costs, non-Event-related travel costs, insurance premiums, maintenance and utility costs and other general office administration costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 78 million and 37 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 increase was driven by higher personnel and information technology costs, foreign exchange losses and higher legal and other advisory fees. The 2021 increase was driven by higher personnel costs, discretionary marketing expenditures and professional fees. Stock-based compensation expense relates to costs arising from grants of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock options and restricted stock units to members of Formula 1 management. Stock-based compensation expense decreased 14 million and increased 4 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in the prior year. The 2022 decrease was due to a decrease in the number of awards granted. The 2021 increase was due to a change in the vesting schedule of awards granted during the current year. Depreciation and amortization includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization decreased 35 million and 43 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared the corresponding periods in the prior year, primarily due to decreases in amortization expense related to certain intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of Formula 1 by Liberty. Braves Group Braves Holdings. Braves Holdings is our wholly owned subsidiary that indirectly owns and operates ANLBC. In addition, Braves Holdings indirectly owned and operated three Professional Development League clubs (the Gwinnett Stripers, Mississippi Braves and Rome Braves) until they were sold in January 2022. ANLBC s ballpark is located in Cobb County, a suburb of Atlanta. The facility is leased from Cobb County and Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority and the area surrounding the Stadium offers a range of activities and eateries for fans. Braves Holdings and its affiliates participated in the construction of the Stadium and the Mixed-Use Development. Due to COVID-19, Major League Baseball MLB postponed the start of the 2020 season until late July, resulting in a regular season of 60 games, without fans in attendance. In addition, the 2020 minor league season was cancelled. Braves Holdings did not generate material revenue from the Braves participation in the 2020 postseason since games were played without fans in attendance due to COVID-19. In 2021, the number of regular season games played returned to normal and limitations on fan attendance were lifted in May. The 2021 minor league season started in May. In December 2021, the Collective Bargaining Agreement, which requires MLB clubs to sign players using a uniform contract, expired and MLB commenced a lockout of the Major League players. As a result of the lockout, the start of the 2022 regular season was delayed. A new five-year Collective Bargaining Agreement was signed in March 2022 and the regular season began in April. Despite the delayed start of the 2022 season, a full regular season was played. 
 II-28 

Table of Contents 
 Operating results attributable to Braves Holdings were as follows. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Baseball revenue 535 526 142 Mixed-Use Development revenue 53 42 36 Total revenue 588 568 178 Operating expenses (excluding stock-based compensation included below): Other operating expenses (434) (377) (170) Selling, general and administrative expenses (83) (80) (57) Adjusted OIBDA 71 111 (49) Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries (6) Stock-based compensation (9) (8) (3) Depreciation and amortization (71) (72) (69) Operating income (loss) (15) 31 (121) Regular season home games 81 79 30 Postseason home games 2 8 7 Revenue includes amounts generated from Braves Holdings baseball and development operations. Baseball revenue is derived from two primary sources: baseball event revenue (ticket sales, concessions, advertising sponsorships, suites and premium seat fees) and broadcasting revenue (including national and local broadcast rights). Mixed-Use Development revenue is derived primarily from rental income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue increased 20 million and 390 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. Increased ticket demand at regular season and Spring Training games and an increase in the number of regular season home games during 2022 drove increases in baseball event revenue as compared to 2021. A higher number of concerts held during 2022 also drove an increase in revenue as compared to 2021. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the number of postseason home games, impacting ticket sales and concession revenue, and the absence of revenue from the Professional Development League clubs which were sold in January 2022. Additionally, broadcasting revenue decreased during 2022 primarily due to a cumulative catch-up adjustment recorded in 2021 as a result of a change in estimated variable transaction price that was constrained in prior periods. The increase in baseball revenue during 2021 as compared to 2020 was driven by an increase in the number of regular and postseason home baseball games being played with fans in attendance in 2021 and the Braves success in the 2021 postseason as World Series Champions, both resulting in increased revenue related to all primary sources of revenue. Mixed-Use Development revenue increased during 2022 and 2021 as compared to the corresponding prior years due to rental income from various new lease commencements and a reduction in deferred payment arrangements. Other operating expenses primarily include costs associated with baseball and stadium operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other operating expenses increased 57 million and 207 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to higher player salaries, higher variable concession and retail operating costs and higher levels of other facility and game day expenses, driven by an increase in the number of regular season home games and higher attendance, an increase in the number of concerts at Truist Park and increased expenses under MLB s revenue sharing plan. These increases were offset by decreased stadium and game day operating expenses relating to reduced postseason games and decreased expenses following the sale of the Professional Development League clubs. The increase in 2021 as compared to 2020 was due to more normalized levels of player salaries and facility and game day expenses in 2021, driven by an increase in the number of regular and postseason games in 2021, all with fans in attendance. Selling, general and administrative expense includes costs of marketing, advertising, finance and related personnel costs. Selling, general and administrative expense increased 3 million and 23 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. The increase for 2022 as 
 II-29 

Table of Contents 
 compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased personnel costs (including ticket and sponsorship commission payments) and increased advertising initiatives for the 2022 season. The increase for 2021 as compared to 2020 was primarily due to increased advertising initiatives for the 2021 season compared to cost reduction initiatives during the 2020 season as a result of the impacts of COVID-19. Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries include impairment charges associated with hurricane damage to the Braves spring training facility located in North Port, Florida. Braves Holdings recognized approximately 6 million of property and equipment impairment losses as a result of hurricane damage. Stock-based compensation increased 1 million and 5 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years driven by increases in the fair value of the underlying awards. Depreciation and amortization was flat and increased 3 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior years. The increase in 2021 as compared to 2020 was due to an increase in depreciation related to the Mixed-Use Development, which had various assets placed in service. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are exposed to market risk in the normal course of business due to our ongoing investing and financial activities and the conduct of operations. Market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in stock prices and interest rates. The risk of loss can be assessed from the perspective of adverse changes in fair values, cash flows and future earnings. We have established policies, procedures and internal processes governing our management of market risks and the use of financial instruments to manage our exposure to such risks. We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of our borrowing and investment activities, which include investments in fixed and floating rate debt instruments and borrowings used to maintain liquidity and to fund business operations. The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt are expected to vary as a result of future requirements, market conditions and other factors. We manage our exposure to interest rates by maintaining what we believe is an appropriate mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We believe this best protects us from interest rate risk. We have achieved this mix by (i) issuing fixed rate debt that we believe has a low stated interest rate and significant term to maturity, (ii) issuing variable rate debt with appropriate maturities and interest rates and (iii) entering into interest rate swap arrangements when we deem appropriate. As of December 31, 2022, our debt is comprised of the following amounts: 

Variable rate debt Fixed rate debt Principal Weighted avg Principal Weighted avg amount interest rate amount interest rate dollar amounts in millions Liberty SiriusXM Group 1,455 6.2 11,626 3.6 Braves Group 114 6.4 432 3.8 Formula One Group 355 7.1 2,635 3.6 Liberty s borrowings under margin loans, Sirius XM Holdings borrowings under its credit facility (except for the incremental term loan, which carries a variable interest rate based on the SOFR) and Braves Holdings borrowings under its mixed-use credit facilities carry a variable interest rate based on LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest. In 2017, the U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the one week and two month U.S. dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. The U.S. Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified the SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed 
 II-30 

Table of Contents 
 by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. Accordingly, any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined or regulatory activity related to LIBOR s phaseout could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of borrowings under the aforementioned debt instruments. To the extent alternate reference rates were not included in existing debt agreements, Liberty, Sirius XM Holdings and Formula 1 have incorporated, and expect to incorporate in the near term, alternative reference rates when amending these facilities, as applicable. The Company is exposed to changes in stock prices primarily as a result of our significant holdings in publicly traded securities. We continually monitor changes in stock markets, in general, and changes in the stock prices of our holdings, specifically. We believe that changes in stock prices can be expected to vary as a result of general market conditions, technological changes, specific industry changes and other factors. We periodically use equity collars and other financial instruments to manage market risk associated with certain investment positions. These instruments are recorded at fair value based on option pricing models. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of our marketable equity securities was 80 million. Had the market price of such securities been 10 lower at December 31, 2022, the aggregate value of such securities would have been 8 million lower. Additionally, our stock in Live Nation (an equity method affiliate), a publicly traded security, is not reflected at fair value in our balance sheet. This security is also subject to market risk that is not directly reflected in our financial statements. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The consolidated financial statements of Liberty Media Corporation are filed under this Item, beginning on Page II-36. The financial statement schedules required by Regulation S-X are filed under Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its chief executive officer and principal accounting and financial officer (the Executives and under the oversight of its Board of Directors, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Executives concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. See page II-32 for Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. See page II-33 for Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for their attestation regarding our internal control over financial reporting. There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 II-31 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm audited the consolidated financial statements and related notes in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Their report appears on page II-33 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 II-32 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Liberty Media Corporation: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Liberty Media Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss), cash flows, and equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado March 1, 2023 
 II-33 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Liberty Media Corporation: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Liberty Media Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings (loss), cash flows, and equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Sufficiency of audit evidence over certain subscriber and advertising revenue streams As discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, and disclosed in the consolidated statements of operations, the Company generated 12,164 million of revenue, of which 6,370 million was Sirius XM subscriber revenue and 1,576 million was Pandora (Pandora Media, LLC and subsidiaries, the successor to Pandora Media, Inc. and subsidiaries) advertising revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s accounting for these subscriber and advertising revenue streams involved multiple information technology (IT) systems. 
 II-34 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence related to Sirius XM subscriber revenue and Pandora advertising revenue as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained required auditor judgment due principally to the number of IT applications used by the Company that involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over Sirius XM subscriber revenue and Pandora advertising revenue. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Sirius XM subscriber revenue and Pandora advertising revenue recognition process. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in testing certain IT application controls and general IT controls used by the Company in its revenue recognition processes and testing the interface of relevant revenue data between different IT systems used in the revenue recognition processes. For Sirius XM subscriber revenue, we assessed the recorded revenue by comparing total cash received during the year, adjusted for reconciling items, to the revenue recorded in the general ledger. For a sample of Pandora advertising revenue, we traced the recorded amounts to underlying source documents and system reports. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of such evidence. Fair values of the Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit and the Pandora trademark As discussed in notes 3 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance allocated to the Sirius XM Holdings segment was 15,209 million as of December 31, 2022, a portion of which related to the Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit. Additionally, other intangible assets not subject to amortization included trademarks of 1,242 million as of December 31, 2022, a portion of which related to the Pandora trademark. The Company performs goodwill and indefinite-lived assets impairment testing on an annual basis during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and whenever events and changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit or a trademark more likely than not exceeds its fair value. We identified the assessment of the fair values of the Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit and the Pandora trademark as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate certain assumptions used by the Company to estimate these fair values. Specifically, the revenue growth rates, long-term growth rate, and the discount rates involved a higher degree of subjectivity. In addition, these key assumptions were challenging to test due to the sensitivity of the fair value to changes in these assumptions. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s goodwill and trademark impairment assessment process, including controls related to the key assumptions noted above. We performed sensitivity analyses to assess the impact of possible changes to the revenue growth rates, long-term growth rate and discount rates assumptions on the fair value of the Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit and the Pandora trademark. We compared the Company s historical revenue forecasts to actual results to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast revenues. We compared the Company s forecasted revenue growth rate assumptions to historical revenue growth rates, to projected revenue growth rates for comparable companies, and to other publicly available data, including third party market studies. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: evaluating the Company s long-term growth rate by comparing it to long-term growth rate estimates that were independently developed using publicly available market data for the Company s industry as well as U.S. economic growth rates 
 evaluating the Company s discount rates by comparing them to discount rates that were independently developed using publicly available market data for comparable companies. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. Denver, Colorado March 1, 2023 
 II-35 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 2022 2021 amounts in millions Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables, net Other current assets Total current assets Investments in affiliates, accounted for using the equity method (note 7) Property and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization (note 8) Goodwill FCC licenses Other Intangible assets subject to amortization, net (note 8) Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current portion of debt, including million and million measured at fair value, respectively (note 9) Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, including million and million measured at fair value, respectively (note 9) Deferred income tax liabilities (note 12) Other liabilities Total liabilities (continued) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-36 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) December 31, 2022 and 2021 2022 2021 amounts in millions Redeemable noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiary (note 11) Stockholders' equity (notes 13,15 and 17): Preferred stock, par value. Authorized shares; shares issued Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Series A Liberty Braves common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Series A Liberty Formula One common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Series B Liberty Braves common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Series B Liberty Formula One common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Series C Liberty Braves common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Series C Liberty Formula One common stock, par value. Authorized shares at December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 (note 2) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries Total equity Commitments and contingencies (note 18) Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-37 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements Of Operations Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue: Sirius XM Holdings revenue Formula 1 revenue Other revenue Total revenue Operating costs and expenses, including stock-based compensation (note 3): Cost of Sirius XM Holdings services (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below): Revenue share and royalties Programming and content Customer service and billing Other Cost of Formula 1 revenue (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below) Subscriber acquisition costs Other operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries (notes 5 and 8) Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net (note 7) ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net (note 6) ) ) Gains (losses) on dilution of investment in affiliate (note 7) Other, net ) ) ) Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit (note 12) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) Less net earnings (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests Less net earnings (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (note 11) ) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders ) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders (note 2): Liberty SiriusXM common stock ) Liberty Braves common stock ) ) ) Liberty Formula One common stock ) ) ) (continued) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-38 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements Of Operations (Continued) Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 Basic net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders per common share (notes 2 and 3) Series A, B and C Liberty SiriusXM common stock ) Series A, B and C Liberty Braves common stock ) ) ) Series A, B and C Liberty Formula One common stock ) ) Diluted net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders per common share (notes 2 and 3) Series A, B and C Liberty SiriusXM common stock ) Series A, B and C Liberty Braves common stock ) ) ) Series A, B and C Liberty Formula One common stock ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-39 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements Of Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 c 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of taxes: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Credit risk on fair value debt instruments gains (losses) ) Share of other comprehensive earnings (loss) of equity affiliates ) Recognition of previously unrealized (gains) losses on debt ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) ) Less comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests Less comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests (note 11) ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders ) Comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders: Liberty SiriusXM common stock ) Liberty Braves common stock ) ) ) Liberty Formula One common stock ) ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-40 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions (see note 4) Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Non-cash impairment and restructuring costs Share of (earnings) loss of affiliates, net ) Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on financial instruments, net ) Noncash interest expense Losses (gains) on dilution of investment in affiliate ) ) ) Loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Other charges (credits), net Changes in operating assets and liabilities Current and other assets ) ) ) Payables and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Subsidiary initial public offering proceeds returned from (invested in) trust account ) Cash proceeds from dispositions of investments Cash (paid) received for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Investments in equity method affiliates and debt and equity securities ) ) ) Return of investment in equity method affiliates Repayment of loans and other cash receipts from equity method affiliates and debt and equity securities Capital expended for property and equipment, including internal-use software and website development ) ) ) Proceeds from insurance recoveries Other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Liberty stock repurchases ) ) ) Subsidiary shares repurchased by subsidiary ) ) ) Repayment of initial public offering proceeds to subsidiary shareholders ) Proceeds from initial public offering of subsidiary Proceeds from Liberty SiriusXM common stock rights offering Cash dividends paid by subsidiary ) ) ) Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for stock-based compensation ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 
 II-41 

Table of Contents 
 LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statement Of Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Stockholders' equity Accumulated Noncontrolling Additional other interest in Preferred Liberty Sirius XM Liberty Braves Liberty Formula One paid-in comprehensive Retained equity of Total Stock Series A Series B Series C Series A Series B Series C Series A Series B Series C capital earnings earnings subsidiaries equity amounts in millions Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Net earnings ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) Stock-based compensation Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) Liberty stock repurchases ) ) Shares repurchased by subsidiary ) ) ) Shares issued by subsidiary ) Dividends paid by subsidiary ) ) Common stock issued pursuant to the Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock rights offering Other, net ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Net earnings (loss) (excludes net earnings (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) (note 11) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) ) Stock-based compensation Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) Liberty stock repurchases ) ) Shares repurchased by subsidiary ) ) ) Shares issued by subsidiary ) Dividends paid by subsidiary ) ) Exchange of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock for shares of subsidiary (note 1) ) Other, net Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net earnings (loss) (excludes net earnings (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) (note 11) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Withholding taxes on net share settlements of stock-based compensation ) ) Liberty stock repurchases ) ) Shares repurchased by subsidiary ) ) ) Shares issued by subsidiary ) Dividends paid by subsidiary ) ) Other, net ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 II-42 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock in exchange for the issuance by Liberty to the counterparties of an aggregate of shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately of the outstanding equity interest in Sirius XM Holdings. Liberty has entered into certain agreements with Qurate Retail, Inc. Qurate Retail ), Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. Liberty TripAdvisor ), Liberty Broadband Corporation Liberty Broadband ), Liberty Media Acquisition Corporation LMAC and GCI Liberty, Inc. GCI Liberty ), all of which are, or were (in the case of LMAC and GCI Liberty), separate publicly traded companies, in order to govern relationships between the companies. None of these entities has any stock ownership, beneficial or otherwise, in any of the others, other than Liberty s equity interests in LMAC prior to its dissolution, as described in note 11, and GCI Liberty s ownership of shares of Liberty Broadband s Series C non-voting common stock prior to the merger of GCI Liberty and Liberty Broadband in December 2020. These agreements include Reorganization Agreements (in the case of Qurate Retail and Liberty Broadband only), Services Agreements, Facilities Sharing Agreements and Tax Sharing Agreements (in the case of Liberty Broadband only). In addition, as a result of certain corporate transactions, Liberty and Qurate Retail may have obligations to each other for certain tax related matters. The Reorganization Agreements provide for, among other things, provisions governing the relationships between Liberty and each of Qurate Retail and Liberty Broadband, including certain cross-indemnities. Pursuant to the Services Agreements, Liberty provides Qurate Retail, Liberty TripAdvisor, Liberty Broadband, LMAC (prior to termination) and GCI Liberty (prior to termination) with general and administrative services including legal, tax, accounting, treasury and investor relations support. Qurate Retail, Liberty TripAdvisor, Liberty Broadband and GCI Liberty (prior to termination) reimburse Liberty for direct, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Liberty in providing these services and in the case of Qurate Retail, Qurate Retail s allocable portion of costs associated with any shared services or personnel based on an estimated percentage of time spent providing services to Qurate Retail. Liberty TripAdvisor, Liberty Broadband, LMAC (prior to termination) and GCI Liberty (prior to termination) reimburse Liberty for shared services and personnel based on a flat fee. Under the Facilities Sharing Agreements, Liberty shares office space and related amenities with Qurate Retail, Liberty TripAdvisor, Liberty Broadband, LMAC (prior to termination) and GCI Liberty (prior to termination) at Liberty s corporate headquarters. Under these various agreements, approximately million, million and million of these allocated expenses were reimbursed to Liberty during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In December 2019, Liberty entered into amendments to the Services Agreements with each of Qurate Retail, Liberty TripAdvisor, Liberty Broadband and GCI Liberty (collectively, the Service Companies in connection with Liberty s entry into a new employment arrangement with Gregory B. Maffei, its President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the amended Services Agreements, components of Mr. Maffei s compensation are either paid directly to him by each Service Company or reimbursed to Liberty, in each case, based on allocations among Liberty and the Service 
 II-43 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million. See note 14 for additional information related to termination payments. new tracking stock groups, one to be designated as the Liberty Braves common stock, one to be designated as the Liberty Formula One common stock (formerly known as Liberty Media common stock) and one to be designated as the Liberty SiriusXM common stock (the Recapitalization ), and to cause to be distributed subscription rights related to the Liberty Braves common stock following the creation of the new tracking stocks. A tracking stock is a type of common stock that the issuing company intends to reflect or track the economic performance of a particular business or group, rather than the economic performance of the company as a whole. While the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Liberty Braves Group (the Braves Group and the Liberty Formula One Group (the Formula One Group have separate collections of businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to them, no group is a separate legal entity and therefore cannot own assets, issue securities or enter into legally binding agreements. Therefore, the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Braves Group and Formula One Group do not represent separate legal entities, but rather represent those businesses, assets and liabilities that have been attributed to each respective group. Holders of tracking stock have no direct claim to the group s stock or assets and therefore, do not own, by virtue of their ownership of a Liberty tracking stock, any equity or voting interest in a public company, such as Sirius XM Holdings or Live Nation, in which Liberty holds an interest that is attributed to a Liberty tracking stock group, such as the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Holders of tracking stock are also not represented by separate boards of directors. Instead, holders of tracking stock are stockholders of the parent corporation, with a single board of directors and subject to all of the risks and liabilities of the parent corporation. Additionally, as a result of the Recapitalization, Liberty s Cash Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the Convertible Notes are convertible into cash based on the product of the conversion rate specified in the indenture and the basket of tracking stocks into which each outstanding share of Series A Liberty Media Corporation common stock was reclassified (the Securities Basket ). Furthermore, the Company entered into amended agreements with the counterparties with regard the Recapitalization-related adjustments to the outstanding Series A Liberty Media Corporation common stock warrants as well as the outstanding cash convertible note hedges and purchased call options. As part of the Recapitalization, the Formula One Group initially held a intergroup interest in the Braves Group. As a result of a rights offering in May 2016 to holders of Liberty Braves common stock to acquire shares of Series C Liberty Braves common stock, the number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest held by the Formula One Group was adjusted to , representing a intergroup interest in the Braves Group at December 31, 2019. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2019, the Formula One Group began purchasing shares of Liberty SiriusXM common stock. As of December 31, 2019, the number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest held by the Formula One Group was , representing a intergroup interest in the Liberty SiriusXM Group. On April 22, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the immediate reattribution of certain assets and liabilities between the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group (collectively, the reattribution ). 
 II-44 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 billion, consisted of: Liberty s entire Live Nation stake, consisting of approximately million shares of Live Nation common stock; a newly-created Formula One Group intergroup interest, consisting of approximately million notional shares of Liberty Formula One common stock, to cover exposure under the Convertible Notes; the bond hedge and warrants associated with the Convertible Notes; the entire Liberty SiriusXM Group intergroup interest, consisting of approximately million notional shares of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, thereby eliminating the Liberty SiriusXM Group intergroup interest; and a portion, consisting of approximately million notional shares of Liberty Braves common stock, of the Formula One Group s intergroup interest in the Braves Group, to cover exposure under the Convertible Notes. 
 The reattributed liabilities, valued at billion, consisted of: the Convertible Notes; 
 Liberty s exchangeable senior debentures due 2048; and 
 Liberty s margin loan secured by shares of Live Nation Live Nation Margin Loan ). 
 
 Similarly, billion of net asset value has been reattributed from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group, comprised of: a call spread between the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group with respect to million of the Live Nation shares that were reattributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group; and a net cash payment of billion from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group, which was funded by a combination of (x) cash on hand, (y) an additional million drawn from the Company s existing margin loan secured by shares of common stock of Sirius XM Holdings, and (z) the creation of an intergroup loan obligation from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group in the principal amount of million, plus interest thereon, which was repaid with the proceeds from the LSXMK rights offering described below (the Intergroup Loan ). 
 The reattribution is reflected in the Company s financial statements on a prospective basis. The Liberty SiriusXM common stock is intended to track and reflect the separate economic performance of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, which, as of December 31, 2022, include its interests in Sirius XM Holdings and Live Nation, corporate cash, the Convertible Notes and related financial instruments, Liberty s Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048, Liberty s Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049, Liberty s Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 and margin loan obligations incurred by wholly-owned special purpose subsidiaries of Liberty. The Liberty SiriusXM Group retains intergroup interests in the Braves Group and the Formula One Group as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Liberty SiriusXM Group has cash and cash equivalents of approximately million, which includes million of subsidiary cash. The Liberty Braves common stock is intended to track and reflect the separate economic performance of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Braves Group, which, as of December 31, 2022, include its subsidiary, Braves Holdings, which indirectly owns the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball Club ANLBC or the Braves ), certain assets and liabilities associated with the Braves stadium Truist Park or the Stadium and a mixed-use development around Truist Park that features retail, office, hotel and entertainment opportunities (the Mixed-Use Development and cash. The Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Formula One Group retain intergroup interests in the 
 II-45 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, which includes million of subsidiary cash. The Liberty Formula One common stock is intended to track and reflect the separate economic performance of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Formula One Group, which, as of December 31, 2022, include all of the businesses, assets and liabilities of Liberty other than those specifically attributed to the Braves Group or the Liberty SiriusXM Group, including Liberty s interest in Formula 1, cash, an intergroup interest in the Braves Group, Liberty s Cash Convertible Notes due 2023 and Liberty s Convertible Senior Notes due 2027. As of December 31, 2022, the Formula One Group has cash and cash equivalents of approximately million, which includes million of subsidiary cash. During September 2022, the Formula One Group and the Braves Group paid approximately million and million, respectively, to the Liberty SiriusXM Group to settle a portion of the intergroup interests in the Formula One Group and Braves Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group, as a result of the repurchase of a portion of the Convertible Notes, as described in note 9. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Formula One Group is , representing an intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group is , representing a intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Formula One Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group is , representing a intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The intergroup interests represent quasi-equity interests that are not represented by outstanding shares of common stock; rather, the Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM Group have attributed interests in the Braves Group, which are generally stated in terms of a number of shares of Liberty Braves common stock, and the Liberty SiriusXM Group also has an attributed interest in the Formula One Group, which is generally stated in terms of a number of shares of Liberty Formula One common stock. The intergroup interests may be settled, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, through the transfer of newly issued shares of Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock, respectively, cash and/or other assets to the respective tracking stock group. Accordingly, the Braves Group intergroup interests attributable to the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group are presented as assets of the Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM Group, respectively, and are presented as liabilities of the Braves Group. Similarly, the Formula One Group intergroup interest attributable to the Liberty SiriusXM Group is presented as an asset of the Liberty SiriusXM Group and is presented as a liability of the Formula One Group. The offsetting amounts between tracking stock groups are eliminated in consolidation. The intergroup interests will remain outstanding until the redemption of the outstanding interests, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, through a transfer of securities, cash and/or other assets from the Braves Group or Formula One Group to the respective tracking stock group. On April 22, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized management of the Company to cause subscription rights (the Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights to purchase shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value per share LSXMK ), in a rights offering (the LSXMK rights offering to be distributed to holders of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value per share, Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value per share, and LSXMK . In the LSXMK rights offering, Liberty distributed of a Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right for each share of Series A, Series B or Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock held as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 13, 2020. Fractional Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights were rounded up to the nearest whole right. Each whole Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right entitled the holder to purchase, pursuant to the basic subscription privilege, share of LSXMK at a subscription price of , which was equal to an approximate discount to the volume weighted average trading price of LSXMK for the trading period ending on and including May 8, 2020. Each Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right also entitled the holder to subscribe for additional shares of LSXMK that were unsubscribed for in the LSXMK rights offering pursuant to an oversubscription privilege. The LSXMK rights offering commenced on May 18, 2020, which was also the ex-dividend date for the distribution of the Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights. The LSXMK rights offering expired at 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on June 5, 2020 and was fully subscribed with shares of LSXMK issued to those rightsholders exercising basic and, if applicable, oversubscription privileges. The proceeds from the LSXMK rights 
 II-46 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, were used to repay the outstanding balance on the Intergroup Loan and accrued interest. During November 2022, the Board of Directors authorized management of the Company to pursue a plan to redeem each outstanding share of its Liberty Braves common stock in exchange for share of the corresponding series of common stock of a newly formed entity, Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. (the Split-Off ). Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. will be comprised of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Braves Group. The intergroup interests in the Braves Group attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and Formula One Group remaining immediately prior to the Split-Off, however, will be settled and extinguished in connection with the Split-Off. Following the Split-Off, the Company intends to reclassify its then-outstanding shares of common stock into new tracking stocks to be designated Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Formula One common stock and Liberty Live common stock, and, in connection therewith, provide for the attribution of the businesses, assets and liabilities of the Company s remaining tracking stock groups among its newly created Liberty SiriusXM Group, Formula One Group and Liberty Live Group (the Reclassification ). The Split-Off and the Reclassification will be subject to various conditions. Both transactions will be conditioned on, among other things, certain requisite approvals of the holders of the Company s common stock and the receipt of opinions of tax counsel. In addition, the Split-Off will be conditioned on the requisite approval of Major League Baseball MLB and the receipt of an IRS ruling. In addition, the Reclassification is dependent and conditioned on the approval and completion of the Split-Off, and will not be implemented unless the Split-Off is completed; however, the Split-Off is not dependent upon the approval of the Reclassification and may be implemented even if the Reclassification is not approved. Each of the Split-Off and the Reclassification is intended to be tax-free to stockholders of the Company. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions, the Company expects to complete the Split-Off and the Reclassification in the first half of 2023. See Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for unaudited attributed financial information for Liberty s tracking stock groups. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Activity in the year ended December 31, 2022 included an increase of million of bad debt charged to expense, million related to foreign currency translation adjustments and million of write-offs. Activity in the year ended December 31, 2021 included an increase of million of bad debt charged to expense and million of write-offs. Activity in the year ended December 31, 2020 included an increase of million of bad debt charged to expense and million of write-offs. 
 II-47 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For those investments in affiliates in which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, the equity method of accounting is used. Under this method, the investment, originally recorded at cost, is adjusted to recognize the Company s share of net earnings or losses of the affiliate as they occur rather than as dividends or other distributions are received. Losses are limited to the extent of the Company s investment in, advances to and commitments for the investee. In the event the Company is unable to obtain accurate financial information from an equity affiliate in a timely manner, the Company records its share of earnings or losses of such affiliate on a lag. Changes in the Company s proportionate share of the underlying equity of an equity method investee, which result from the issuance of additional equity securities by such equity investee, are recognized in the statement of operations through the other, net line item. To the extent there is a difference between our ownership percentage in the underlying equity of an equity method investee and our carrying value, such difference is accounted for as if the equity method investee were a consolidated subsidiary. The Company continually reviews its equity investments to determine whether a decline in fair value below the carrying value is other than temporary. The primary factors the Company considers in its determination are the length of time that the fair value of the investment is below the Company s carrying value; the severity of the decline; and the financial condition, operating performance and near term prospects of the investee. In addition, the Company considers the reason for the decline in fair value, be it general market conditions, industry specific or investee specific; analysts ratings and estimates of 12-month share price targets for the investee; changes in stock price or valuation subsequent to the balance sheet date; and the Company s intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for a recovery in fair value. If the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary, the carrying value of the equity method investment is written down to fair value. In situations where the fair value of an investment is not evident due to a lack of a public market price or other factors, the Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to arrive at the estimated fair value of such investment. The Company s assessment of the foregoing factors involves a high degree of judgment and accordingly, actual results may differ materially from the Company s estimates and judgments. Writedowns for equity method investments are included in share of earnings (losses) of affiliates. The Company performs a qualitative assessment for equity securities without readily determinable fair values each reporting period to determine whether the security could be impaired. If the qualitative assessment indicates that an impairment could exist, we estimate the fair value of the investments, and, to the extent the security s fair value is less than its carrying value, an impairment is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 II-48 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Buildings and improvements 10 - Support equipment 3 - Satellite system Construction in progress NA Total property and equipment Property and equipment, including significant improvements, is stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method using estimated useful lives. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Sirius XM Holdings capitalizes a portion of the interest on funds borrowed to finance the construction and launch of its satellites. Capitalized interest is recorded as part of the asset s cost and depreciated over the asset s useful life. Capitalized interest costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 II-49 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 II-50 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million and million, respectively. As the majority of Sirius XM Holdings contracts are one year or less, Sirius XM Holdings utilized the optional exemption under ASC 606 and does not disclose information about the remaining performance obligations for contracts which have original expected durations of one year or less. As of December 31, 2022, less than percent of the Sirius XM Holdings total deferred revenue balance related to contracts that extended beyond one year. These contracts primarily include prepaid data trials which are typically provided for three to as well as for self-pay customers who prepay for their audio subscriptions for up to in advance. These amounts will be recognized on a straight-line basis as Sirius XM Holdings services are provided. Significant portions of the transaction prices for Formula 1 and Braves Holdings are related to undelivered performance obligations that are under contractual arrangements that extend beyond one year. The Company anticipates recognizing revenue from the delivery of such performance obligations of approximately million in 2023 , million in 2024 , million in 2025 through 2030, and million thereafter , primarily recognized through 2035. We have not included any amounts in the undelivered performance obligations amounts for Formula 1 and Braves Holdings for those performance obligations that relate to a contract with an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 II-51 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Advertising Equipment Other Total Sirius XM Holdings revenue The following is a description of the principal activities from which Sirius XM Holdings generates its revenue - including from self-pay and paid promotional subscribers, advertising, and sales of equipment. Subscriber revenue. Subscriber revenue consists primarily of subscription fees and other ancillary subscription based revenue. Revenue is recognized on a straight line basis when the performance obligations to provide each service for the period are satisfied, which is over time as Sirius XM Holdings subscription services are continuously transmitted and can be consumed by customers at any time. Consumers purchasing or leasing a vehicle with a factory-installed satellite radio may receive between a three and subscription to Sirius XM Holdings service. In certain cases, the subscription fees for these consumers are prepaid by the applicable automaker. Prepaid subscription fees received from automakers or directly from consumers are recorded as deferred revenue and amortized to revenue ratably over the service period which commences upon sale. Activation fees are recognized over as the activation fees are non-refundable and do not provide for a material right to the customer. There is no revenue recognized for unpaid trial subscriptions. In some cases, Sirius XM Holdings pays a loyalty fee to the automakers when it receives a certain amount of payments from self-pay customers acquired from that automaker. These fees are considered incremental costs to obtain a contract and are therefore recognized as an asset and amortized to subscriber acquisition costs over an average subscriber life. Revenue share and loyalty fees paid to an automaker offering a paid trial are accounted for as a reduction of revenue as the payment does not provide a distinct good or service. Music royalty fee primarily consists of U.S. music royalty fees MRF collected from subscribers. The related costs Sirius XM Holdings incurs for the right to broadcast music and other programming are recorded as revenue share and royalties expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Fees received from subscribers for the MRF are recorded as deferred revenue and amortized to subscriber revenue ratably over the service period. Advertising revenue. Sirius XM Holdings recognizes revenue from the sale of advertising as performance obligations are satisfied, which generally occurs as ads are delivered. For Sirius XM Holdings satellite radio service, ads are delivered when they are aired. For streaming services, ads are delivered primarily based on impressions. Agency fees are calculated based on a stated percentage applied to gross billing revenue for Sirius XM Holdings advertising inventory and are reported as a reduction of advertising revenue. Additionally, Sirius XM Holdings pays certain third parties a percentage of advertising revenue. Advertising revenue is recorded gross of such revenue share payments as Sirius XM Holdings controls the advertising service including the ability to establish pricing and Sirius XM Holdings is primarily responsible for providing the service. Advertising revenue share payments are recorded to revenue share and royalties during the period in which the advertising is transmitted. Equipment revenue. Equipment revenue and royalties from the sale of satellite radios, components and accessories are recognized upon shipment, net of discounts and rebates. Shipping and handling costs billed to customers 
 II-52 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Other Total Formula 1 revenue Upon entering into a new arrangement, Formula 1 occasionally incurs certain incremental costs of obtaining a contract. These incremental costs relate to commission amounts that will be paid over the life of the contract for which the recipient does not have any substantive future performance requirement to earn such commission. Accordingly, the commission costs are capitalized and amortized over the life of the contract. The following is a description of principal activities from which Formula 1 generates its revenue. Primary revenue. Formula 1 holds exclusive commercial rights with respect to the World Championship, an annual, approximately nine-month long, motor race-based competition in which teams compete for the Constructors Championship and drivers compete for the Drivers Championship. Formula 1 derives its primary revenue from the commercial exploitation and development of the World Championship through a combination of entering into race promotion, broadcasting and sponsorship arrangements. Primary revenue derived from the commercial exploitation of the World Championship is (i) recognized on an event by event basis for those performance obligations associated with a specific event based on the fees within the underlying contractual arrangement and (ii) recognized over time for those performance obligations associated with a period of time that is greater than a single specific event (for example, over the entire race season or calendar year) based on the fees within the underlying contractual arrangement. Other revenue. Formula 1 earns other revenue from miscellaneous and ancillary sources, primarily related to facilitating the shipment of cars and equipment to and from the events outside of Europe, revenue from the sale of tickets to the Formula One Paddock Club at most events, support races at events, various television production activities and other ancillary operations. To the extent such revenue relates to services provided or rights associated with a specific event, the revenue is recognized upon occurrence of the related event and to the extent such revenue relates to services provided or rights over a longer period of time, the revenue is recognized over time. 
 II-53 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Mixed-Use Development Total Braves Holdings revenue Braves Holdings is required to estimate the entire transaction price of its contractual arrangements and recognize revenue allocated to each of the performance obligations within the contractual arrangements as those performance obligations are satisfied. Such performance obligations are typically satisfied over time and result in differences between revenue recognized and cash received, dependent on how far into a contractual arrangement Braves Holdings is at any given reporting period. The following is a description of principal activities from which Braves Holdings generates its revenue. Baseball revenue. Revenue for Braves Holdings ticket sales, signage and suites are recognized on a per game basis during the baseball season based on a pro rata share of total revenue earned during the entire baseball season to the total number of home games during the season. Broadcasting rights are recognized on a per game basis during the baseball season based on the pro rata number of games played to date to the total number of games during the season. Concession and parking revenue are recognized on a per game basis during the baseball season. MLB revenue is earned throughout the year based on an estimate of revenue generated by MLB on behalf of the MLB clubs. Sources of MLB revenue primarily include the Major League Central Fund and distributions from various licensing agreements. Mixed-Use Development revenue. Revenue from Braves Holdings minimum rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of their respective lease agreements. Some retail tenants are required to pay overage rents based on sales over a stated base amount during the lease term. Overage rents are only recognized when each tenant s sales exceed the applicable sales threshold. Tenants reimburse Braves Holdings for a substantial portion of Braves Holdings operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and property insurance. Braves Holdings accrues reimbursements from tenants for recoverable portions of all these expenses as revenue in the period the applicable expenditures are incurred. Braves Holdings recognizes differences between estimated recoveries and the final billed amounts in the subsequent year. These differences were not material in any period presented. Sponsorship revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over each annual period. Parking revenue is recognized daily based on actual usage. 
 II-54 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 II-55 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Advertising costs are primarily attributable to costs incurred by Sirius XM Holdings. Media-related advertising costs are expensed when advertisements air, and advertising production costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising production costs include expenses related to marketing and retention activities, including expenses related to direct mail, outbound telemarketing and email communications. Sirius XM Holdings also incurs advertising production costs related to cooperative marketing and promotional events and sponsorships. These costs are reflected in the selling, general and administrative expenses line in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 II-56 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Customer service and billing Other Other operating expense Selling, general and administrative per share and decreased diluted earnings attributable to Liberty Formula One stockholders per common share by per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 II-57 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, million and million potentially dilutive shares of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, respectively, because their inclusion would be antidilutive. Potentially dilutive shares (b) Diluted WASO (c) 

 (a) As discussed in note 2, Liberty distributed subscription rights to holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, which were priced at a discount to the market value, to acquire additional shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock. The LSXMK rights offering, because of the discount, is considered a stock dividend and has been reflected retroactively in prior periods for the WASO. (b) Potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS during periods in which net losses attributable to the Liberty SiriusXM Group are reported since the result would be antidilutive. (c) As discussed in note 2, the Formula One Group s intergroup interest in the Liberty SiriusXM Group was eliminated on April 22, 2020 in conjunction with the reattribution. The number of notional Liberty Sirius XM shares representing the intergroup interest held by the Formula One Group was immediately prior to the reattribution. The intergroup interest was a quasi-equity interest which was not represented by outstanding shares of common stock; rather, the Formula One Group had an attributed value in the Liberty SiriusXM Group which was generally stated in terms of a number of shares of stock issuable to the Formula One Group with respect to its interest in the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Each reporting period, the notional shares representing the intergroup interest were marked to fair value. As the notional shares underlying the intergroup interest were not represented by outstanding shares of common stock, such shares had not been officially designated Series A, B or C Liberty SiriusXM common stock. However, Liberty assumed that the notional shares would have been comprised of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock in order to not dilute voting percentages. Therefore, the market price of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock was used for the quarterly mark-to-market adjustment through the unaudited attributed consolidated statements of operations. The notional shares representing the intergroup interest had no impact on the basic WASO. However, if dilutive, the notional shares representing the intergroup interest are included in the diluted earnings per share calculation for the unrealized gain or loss incurred from marking the intergroup interest to fair value during the period. For periods in which share settlement of the Exchangeable Senior Debentures and Exchangeable Senior Debentures, which may be settled in shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, is dilutive, the numerator adjustment includes a reversal of the interest expense and the unrealized gain or loss recorded on the instruments during the period, net of tax where appropriate. Additionally, a hypothetical mark to market adjustment on the shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock included in the Securities Basket underlying the warrants is included in the numerator adjustment in periods in which cash settlement of the warrants would be more dilutive than share settlement. 
 II-58 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) Adjustments ) ) Diluted earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty SiriusXM stockholders ) Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Braves Common Stock The basic and diluted EPS calculations are based on the following WASO. Excluded from diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are million, million and million potentially dilutive shares of Liberty Braves common stock, respectively, because their inclusion would be antidilutive. Potentially dilutive shares (a) Diluted WASO (b) 

 (a) Potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS during periods in which net losses attributable to the Braves Group are reported since the result would be antidilutive. (b) As discussed in note 2, following the Recapitalization and Series C Liberty Braves common stock rights offering, the number of notional shares representing the Formula One Group s intergroup interest in the Braves Group was adjusted to shares. A portion of this intergroup interest was reattributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group on April 22, 2020. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Formula One Group is and the number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group is as of December 31, 2022. 
 The intergroup interests are quasi-equity interests that are not represented by outstanding shares of common stock; rather, the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group have attributed values in the Braves Group which are generally stated in terms of a number of shares of stock issuable to the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group with respect to their interests in the Braves Group. Each reporting period, the notional shares representing the intergroup interests are marked to fair value. As the notional shares underlying the intergroup interests are not represented by outstanding shares of common stock, such shares have not been officially designated Series A, B or C Liberty Braves common stock. However, Liberty has assumed that the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Formula One Group interest in the Braves Group would be comprised of Series C Liberty Braves common stock in order to not dilute voting percentages and the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Liberty SiriusXM Group interest in the Braves Group would be comprised of Series A Liberty Braves common stock since Series A Liberty Braves common stock underlie the Convertible Notes. Therefore, the market prices of Series C Liberty Braves and Series A Liberty Braves common stock are used for the quarterly mark-to-market adjustment for the intergroup interests held by Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM Group, respectively, through the unaudited attributed consolidated statements of operations. The notional shares representing the intergroup interests have no impact on the basic WASO. However, if dilutive, the notional shares representing the intergroup interests are included in the diluted WASO as if the shares had been issued and outstanding during the period. For periods in which share settlement of the intergroup interests are dilutive, an adjustment is also made to the numerator in the diluted earnings per share calculation for the unrealized gain or loss incurred from marking the intergroup interests to fair value during the period. 
 II-59 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020) ) ) Adjustments ) Diluted earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty Braves stockholders ) ) Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Formula One Common Stock The basic and diluted EPS calculations are based on the following WASO. Excluded from diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are million, million and million potentially dilutive shares of Liberty Formula One common stock, respectively, because their inclusion would be antidilutive. Potentially dilutive shares (a) Diluted WASO (b) 

 (a) Potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS during periods in which net losses attributable to the Formula One Group are reported since the result would be antidilutive. (b) As discussed in note 2, the number of notional Liberty Formula One shares representing the Liberty SiriusXM Group s intergroup interest in the Formula One Group is shares as of December 31, 2022. The intergroup interest is a quasi-equity interest which is not represented by outstanding shares of common stock; rather, the Liberty SiriusXM Group has an attributed value in the Formula One Group which is generally stated in terms of a number of shares of stock issuable to the Liberty SiriusXM Group with respect to its interest in the Formula One Group. Each reporting period, the notional shares representing the intergroup interest are marked to fair value. As the notional shares underlying the intergroup interest are not represented by outstanding shares of common stock, such shares have not been officially designated Series A, B or C Liberty Formula One common stock. However, Liberty has assumed that the notional shares (if and when issued) would be comprised of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock since Series A Liberty Formula One common stock underlie the Convertible Notes. Therefore, the market price of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock is used for the quarterly mark-to-market adjustment through the unaudited attributed consolidated statements of operations. The notional shares representing the intergroup interest have no impact on the basic WASO. However, if dilutive, the notional shares representing the intergroup interest are included in the diluted WASO as if the shares had been issued and outstanding during the period. For periods in which share settlement of the intergroup interest is dilutive, an adjustment is also made to the numerator in the diluted earnings per share calculation for the unrealized gain or loss incurred from marking the intergroup interest to fair value during the period. 
 For periods in which share settlement of the Convertible Senior Notes due 2027, which may be settled in shares of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock, is dilutive, the numerator adjustment includes a reversal of the 
 II-60 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) ) Adjustments ) Diluted earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty Formula One stockholders ) ) 
 II-61 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) Intangibles not subject to amortization Intangibles subject to amortization Net liabilities assumed ) ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Fair value of equity consideration ) Cash paid (received) for acquisitions, net of cash acquired Stock repurchased by subsidiary not yet settled ) Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for income taxes, net The following table reconciles cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in our consolidated balance sheets to the total amount presented in our consolidated statements of cash flows: Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in other assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period million in cash, which includes net working capital adjustments. The total purchase consideration of million included million related to the acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Sirius XM Holdings recorded a million benefit related to the change in fair value of the 2021 portion of the contingent consideration associated with the transaction to impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in the consolidated statement of operations. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using a probability-weighted cash flow model. Stitcher is included in the Pandora reporting unit. In connection with the acquisition, Sirius XM Holdings recognized goodwill of million and intangible assets subject to amortization of million. The goodwill of Stitcher is deductible for tax purposes as it was an asset acquisition. Sirius XM Holdings recognized million of costs related to the acquisition of Stitcher during the year ended December 31, 2020. The acquisition of Stitcher was financed through borrowings under Sirius XM Holdings Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility. 
 II-62 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million in cash. Simplecast is a podcast management and analytics platform. Simplecast complements AdsWizz, Inc. s advertising technology platform, allowing Sirius XM Holdings to offer podcasters of all sizes a powerful, comprehensive solution for publishing, analytics, distribution and advertising sales, and is included in the Pandora reporting unit. In connection with the acquisition, Sirius XM Holdings recognized goodwill of million, intangible assets subject to amortization of million, other assets of less than million and deferred income tax liabilities of million. The goodwill of Simplecast is not deductible for tax purposes. Sirius XM Holdings recognized less than million of costs related to the acquisition of Simplecast during the year ended December 31, 2020. Sirius XM Holdings restructuring costs During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Sirius XM Holdings evaluated its office space needs and, as a result of such analyses, vacated certain office spaces. Sirius XM Holdings assessed the recoverability of the carrying value of the operating lease right of use assets related to these locations and recorded impairments of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to reduce the carrying values of the operating lease right of use assets to their respective fair values. The fair values of the assets were determined using a discounted cash flow model based on Sirius XM Holdings management's assumptions regarding the ability to sublease the locations and the remaining term of the leases. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings wrote off million of property and equipment located at the impaired office spaces and during the year ended December 31, 2021, Sirius XM Holdings accrued expenses of million for which it will not recognize any future economic benefits and wrote off leasehold improvements of million. These charges were recorded to impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in the consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Separately, during the year ended December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings performed an analysis surrounding initiatives that it is no longer pursuing and recorded an impairment of million associated with terminated software projects and an impairment of million related to personnel severance. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings sold real estate as part of an evaluation of its property needs and recognized a million gain on the sale during the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs and gain on the real estate sale are included in impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. In May 2020, Sirius XM Holdings terminated the Automatic Labs Inc. ("Automatic") service, which was part of its connected services business. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Sirius XM Holdings recorded million of restructuring expenses related to the termination of the service. The termination of the Automatic service did not meet the requirements to be reported as a discontinued operation because the termination of the service does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. 
 II-63 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Short-term marketable securities Investment in trust account Debt and equity securities Financial instrument assets Debt Financial instrument liabilities The majority of Liberty s Level 2 financial instruments are debt related instruments and derivative instruments. These assets and liabilities are not always traded publicly or not considered to be traded on active markets, as defined in GAAP. The fair values for such instruments are derived from a typical model using observable market data as the significant inputs or a trading price of a similar asset or liability is utilized. The fair value of debt related instruments are based on quoted market prices but not considered to be traded on active markets, as defined by GAAP. Accordingly, those debt and equity securities, financial instruments and debt or debt related instruments are reported in the foregoing table as Level 2 fair value. Short-term marketable securities in the table above are included in the Other current assets line item in the consolidated balance sheets. Investments in the trust account and debt and equity securities and financial instrument assets included in the table above are included in the Other assets line item in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, million and million of financial instrument assets included in the table above are included in the Other current assets and Other assets line items, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, million and million of financial instrument assets included in the table above are included in the Other current assets and Other assets line items, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheet. Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Financial Instruments, net ) Debt measured at fair value (a) ) ) Change in fair value of bond hedges (b) ) ) Other ) ) ) 

 (a) The Company elected to account for its exchangeable senior debentures and convertible notes using the fair value option. Changes in the fair value of the exchangeable senior debentures and convertible notes recognized in the consolidated statements of operations are primarily due to market factors primarily driven by changes in the fair value of the underlying shares into which the debt is exchangeable. The Company isolates the portion of the unrealized gain 
 II-64 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, loss of million and gain of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the cumulative change was a gain of million as of December 31, 2022. (b) Contemporaneously with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, Liberty entered into privately negotiated cash convertible note hedges, which are expected to offset potential cash payments Liberty would be required to make in excess of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, upon conversion of the notes. The bond hedges are marked to market based on the trading price of underlying Series A Liberty SiriusXM, Liberty Braves and Liberty Formula One securities and other observable market data as the significant inputs (Level 2). See note 9 for additional discussion of the Convertible Notes and the bond hedges . 
 Sirius XM Canada NA Other Total Liberty SiriusXM Group Braves Group Other various NA Total Braves Group Formula One Group Other various NA Total Formula One Group Consolidated Liberty 
 II-65 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table presents the Company s share of earnings (losses) of affiliates: ) ) Sirius XM Canada Other ) ) ) Total Liberty SiriusXM Group ) ) Braves Group Other Total Braves Group Formula One Group Live Nation NA NA ) Other Total Formula One Group ) Consolidated Liberty ) ) Live Nation Live Nation is considered the world s leading live entertainment company and seeks to innovate and enhance the live entertainment experience for artists and fans before, during and after the show. Liberty s interest in Live Nation was reattributed from the Formula One Group to the Liberty SiriusXM Group effective April 22, 2020. Due to the impact of COVID-19, Live Nation recorded significant losses during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. In September 2021, Live Nation completed an offering of approximately million shares of its common stock, resulting in a gain on dilution of our investment in Live Nation. See note 9 for details regarding the number and fair value of Live Nation common stock pledged as collateral pursuant to the Live Nation Margin Loan as of December 31, 2022. 
 II-66 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets Current liabilities Long-term debt, net Other liabilities Redeemable noncontrolling interests Equity ) Total liabilities and equity Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue Operating expenses: Direct operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Other operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Less net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Live Nation stockholders ) ) 
 II-67 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Sirius XM Canada As of December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings holds a equity interest and voting interest in Sirius XM Canada Holdings, Inc. Sirius XM Canada ). Sirius XM Canada is accounted for as an equity method investment as Sirius XM Holdings does not have the ability to direct the most significant activities that impact Sirius XM Canada s economic performance. On March 15, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings and Sirius XM Canada entered into an amended and restated services and distribution agreement which modified the existing Services Agreement and terminated the existing Advisory Agreement, each dated as of May 25, 2017. Pursuant to the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, the fee payable by Sirius XM Canada to Sirius XM Holdings was modified from a fixed percentage of revenue to a variable fee, based on a target operating profit for Sirius XM Canada. Such variable fee is expected to be evaluated annually based on comparable companies. In accordance with the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, the fee is payable on a monthly basis, in arrears, beginning January 1, 2022. In May 2017, Sirius XM Holdings extended a loan to Sirius XM Canada in the principal amount of million. Prior to the March 2022 amendment, cumulative note repayments by Sirius XM Canada were million. In connection with the execution of the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, Sirius XM Holdings forgave million in principal amount of such loan to Sirius XM Canada, leaving an outstanding principal amount of million on such loan as of December 31, 2022. The principal amount that was forgiven by Sirius XM Holdings was considered satisfied as contributed capital to Sirius XM Canada. Sirius XM Holdings had approximately million and million in related party current assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2021, Sirius XM Holdings had approximately million in related party liabilities. Sirius XM Holdings recorded approximately million, million and million in revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, associated with these various agreements. Sirius XM Canada paid dividends to Sirius XM Holdings of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. SoundCloud In February 2020, Sirius XM Holdings completed a million investment in Series G Membership Units of SoundCloud Holdings, LLC SoundCloud ). The Series G Units are convertible at the option of the holders at any time into shares of ordinary membership units of SoundCloud at a ratio of ordinary membership unit for each Series G Unit. The investment in SoundCloud is accounted for as an equity method investment as Sirius XM Holdings does not have the ability to direct the most significant activities that impact SoundCloud's economic performance. In addition to Sirius XM Holdings investment in SoundCloud, Pandora has an agreement with SoundCloud to be its exclusive ad sales representative in the U.S. and certain European countries. Through this arrangement, Pandora offers advertisers the ability to execute campaigns in the U.S. across the Pandora and SoundCloud platforms. Sirius XM Holdings recorded revenue share expense related to this agreement of million, million and million during years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Sirius XM Holdings also had related party liabilities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to this agreement. 
 II-68 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Acquisitions (a) Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisitions (b) Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

 (a) Sirius XM Holdings recorded goodwill related to an acquisition in April 2021 and recorded adjustments to contingent consideration for the prior year acquisition of Stitcher. (b) During January 2022 and May 2022, Sirius XM Holdings completed immaterial acquisitions for total cash consideration of approximately million. Other Intangible Assets Not Subject to Amortization Other intangible assets not subject to amortization, not separately disclosed, are trademarks million) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and franchise rights owned by Braves Holdings million and million) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We identified these assets as indefinite life intangible assets after considering the expected use of the assets, the regulatory and economic environment within which they are used and the effects of obsolescence on their use. Sirius XM Holdings Federal Communications Commission FCC licenses for its Sirius satellites expire in 2025 and 2030 and the FCC licenses for its XM satellites expire in 2023, 2026 and 2029. Prior to expiration, Sirius XM Holdings is required to apply for a renewal of its FCC licenses. The renewal and extension of its licenses is reasonably certain at minimal cost, which is expensed as incurred. Each of the FCC licenses authorizes Sirius XM Holdings to use the broadcast spectrum, which is a renewable, reusable resource that does not deplete or exhaust over time. 
 II-69 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Licensing agreements ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) The FIA Agreement is amortized over , customer relationships are amortized over 10 - and licensing agreements are amortized over . Amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Based on its amortizable intangible assets as of December 31, 2022, Liberty expects that amortization expense will be as follows for the next five years (amounts in millions): 2024 2025 2026 2027 Impairments Due to an increase in projected costs related to royalty rates from streaming, increasing uncertainty surrounding the projected demand for advertising and a decrease in listening hours, impairment losses of million and million were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020 related to Pandora s goodwill and trademark, respectively. The fair value of the Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit was determined using a combination of market multiples (market approach) and discounted cash flow (income approach) calculations (Level 3). The discounted cash flow model relies on making assumptions, such as the extent of the economic downturn related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the expected timing of recovery, expected growth in profitability and discount rate. Additionally, assumptions related to guideline company financial multiples used in the market approach decreased based on current market observations. A quantitative assessment of Pandora s goodwill and trademark during the fourth quarter of 2022 indicated the estimated fair values of such assets were in excess of their respective carrying values. As of December 31, 2022, accumulated goodwill impairment losses for Liberty totaled million and related entirely to the Sirius XM Holdings reportable segment. 
 II-70 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Cash Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (1) Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048 (1) Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048 (1) Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049 (1) Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 (1) Sirius XM Holdings Margin Loan Live Nation Margin Loan Subsidiary notes and loans: Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2026 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2027 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2028 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2029 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2030 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2031 Pandora Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 Sirius XM Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility Sirius XM Incremental Term Loan Deferred financing costs ) ) Total Liberty SiriusXM Group Braves Group Subsidiary notes and loans: Notes and loans Deferred financing costs ) ) Total Braves Group Formula One Group Corporate level notes and loans: Cash Convertible Notes due 2023 (1) Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (1) Other Subsidiary notes and loans: Senior Loan Facility Deferred financing costs ) ) Total Formula One Group Total debt Debt classified as current ) ) Total long-term debt 

 (1) Measured at fair value 
 II-71 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Cash Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 On October 17, 2013, Liberty issued billion aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes will mature on October 15, 2023 unless earlier repurchased by us or converted. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the Convertible Notes are classified as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheet. Interest on the Convertible Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year at a rate of per annum. All conversions of the Convertible Notes will be settled solely in cash, and not through the delivery of any securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Liberty paid approximately million to repurchase approximately million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes. Since the date of issuance, the conversion adjustment and other provisions of the indenture have been amended to give effect to certain transactions. The consideration due upon conversion of any Convertible Note shall be determined based on the Securities Basket, consisting of of a share of Series A Liberty Braves common stock, shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock and of a share of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock as of December 31, 2022. Holders of the Convertible Notes may convert their notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date of the notes under certain circumstances. Liberty has elected to account for this instrument using the fair value option. See note 6 for information related to unrealized gains (losses) on debt measured at fair value. Additionally, contemporaneously with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, Liberty entered into a bond hedge transaction (the Bond Hedge Transaction ). The Bond Hedge Transaction is expected to offset potential cash payments Liberty would be required to make in excess of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, upon conversion of the notes in the event that the volume-weighted average price per share of the components of the Securities Basket, as measured under the cash convertible note hedge transactions on each trading day of the relevant cash settlement averaging period or other relevant valuation period, was greater than the strike price of the components of the Securities Basket. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Liberty received approximately million for the settlement of the portion of the bond hedge related to the repurchase of Convertible Notes described above. As of December 31, 2022, the Bond Hedge Transaction covered, in the aggregate, shares of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock, shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock and shares of Series A Liberty Braves common stock, subject to anti-dilution adjustments pertaining to the Convertible Notes, which is equal to the aggregate number of shares comprising the Securities Basket underlying the Convertible Notes. The bond hedge expires on October 15, 2023 and is included in Other current assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, with changes in the fair value recorded as unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Concurrently with the Convertible Notes and Bond Hedge Transaction, Liberty also entered into separate privately negotiated warrant transactions under which Liberty sold warrants relating to the same underlying shares of the Convertible Notes and Bond Hedge Transaction, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. The first expiration date of the warrants is January 16, 2024 and the remainder expire over a period covering thereafter. Liberty may elect to settle its delivery obligation under the warrant transactions with cash. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Liberty paid approximately million for the settlement of the portion of the obligation under the warrants related to the repurchase of Convertible Notes described above. As of December 31, 2022, the warrants covered, in the aggregate, shares of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock, shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock and shares of Series A Liberty Braves common stock, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. The strike price of the warrants, based on the basket of shares, was per share as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the basket price of the securities underlying the warrants was per share, which is the same as the basket price of the securities underlying the Bond Hedge Transaction. The warrants may have a dilutive effect with respect to the shares 
 II-72 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Cash Convertible Notes due 2023 On January 23, 2017, Liberty issued million cash convertible notes at an interest rate of per annum, which are convertible, under certain circumstances, into cash based on the trading prices of the underlying shares of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock and mature on January 30, 2023 (the Convertible Notes ). Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the Convertible Notes are classified as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheet. The initial conversion rate for the notes was approximately shares of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock per principal amount of notes, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock. The conversion of the Convertible Notes was settled solely in cash, and not through the delivery of any securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Liberty paid approximately million to repurchase approximately million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes. In January 2023, Liberty paid approximately million to settle the remaining Convertible Notes. Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 On August 12, 2022, Liberty issued million convertible notes at an interest rate of per annum, which, at Liberty s election, are convertible into cash, shares of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock or a combination of cash and shares of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock and mature on August 15, 2027. The initial conversion rate for the notes is approximately shares of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock per principal amount of notes, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of Series C Liberty Formula One common stock. The notes are attributed to the Formula One Group. Liberty has elected to account for the notes using the fair value option. See note 6 for information related to unrealized gains (losses) on debt measured at fair value. Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048 On March 6, 2018, Liberty closed a private offering of approximately million aggregate principal amount of its exchangeable senior debentures due 2048 (the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048 ). Upon an exchange of debentures, pursuant to a supplemental indenture entered into in February 2023, Liberty will deliver solely cash to satisfy its exchange obligations. The number of shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock attributable to a debenture represents an initial exchange price of approximately per share. A total of approximately million shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock are attributable to the debentures. Interest is payable quarterly on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year, commencing June 30, 2018. The debentures may be redeemed by Liberty, in whole or in part, on or after April 7, 2023. Holders of the debentures also have the right to require Liberty to purchase their debentures on April 7, 2023. Accordingly, the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048 are classified as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The redemption and purchase price will generally equal of the adjusted principal amount of the debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest. The debentures, are attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Liberty has elected to account for the debentures using the fair value option. See note 6 for information related to unrealized gains (losses) on debt measured at fair value. In accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048, following Liberty s receipt of Sirius XM Holdings special cash dividend, as described in note 13, Liberty made an extraordinary cash distribution of per debenture to holders of the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048. Also pursuant to the indenture, the original principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048 was reduced by an amount equal to the extraordinary distribution of approximately million. 
 II-73 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048 In December 2018, Liberty closed a private offering of approximately million aggregate principal amount of its exchangeable senior debentures due 2048 (the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048 ). The number of shares of Live Nation common stock attributable to a debenture represented an initial exchange price of approximately per share and a total of approximately million shares of Live Nation common stock were attributable to the debentures. Interest was payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year. Holders of the debentures had the right to require Liberty to purchase their debentures on December 1, 2021. In October 2021, Liberty issued a notice of redemption in full on December 1, 2021 of the Exchangeable Debentures due 2048. All Holders exercised their right to exchange the debentures in the fourth quarter and, pursuant to a supplemental indenture entered into in September 2021, Liberty delivered cash upon settlement of the exchange of debentures. In January 2022, the exchanges of debentures were settled for million. The debentures were attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Liberty elected to account for the debentures using the fair value option. See note 6 for information related to unrealized gains (losses) on debt measured at fair value. Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049 On November 26, 2019, Liberty closed a private offering of approximately million aggregate principal amount of its exchangeable senior debentures due 2049 (the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049 ). Upon an exchange of debentures, Liberty, at its option, may deliver Sirius XM Holdings common stock, Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, cash or a combination of Sirius XM Holdings common stock, Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock and/or cash. The number of shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock attributable to a debenture represents an initial exchange price of approximately per share. A total of approximately million shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock are attributable to the debentures. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing March 1, 2020. The debentures may be redeemed by Liberty, in whole or in part, on or after December 1, 2024. Holders of the debentures also have the right to require Liberty to purchase their debentures on December 1, 2024. The redemption and purchase price will generally equal of the adjusted principal amount of the debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus any final period distribution. The debentures are attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. Liberty has elected to account for the debentures using the fair value option. See note 6 for information related to unrealized gains (losses) on debt measured at fair value. In accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049, following Liberty s receipt of Sirius XM Holdings special cash dividend, as described in note 13, Liberty made an extraordinary cash distribution of per debenture to holders of the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049. Also pursuant to the indenture, the original principal amount of the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049 was reduced by an amount equal to the extraordinary distribution of approximately million. Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 In November 2020, Liberty closed a private offering of approximately million aggregate principal amount of its exchangeable senior debentures due 2050 (the Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 ). Upon an exchange of debentures, Liberty, at its option, may deliver Live Nation common stock, cash or a combination of Live Nation common stock and/or cash. The number of shares of Live Nation common stock attributable to a debenture represents an initial exchange price of approximately per share. A total of approximately million shares of Live Nation common stock are attributable to the debentures. Interest is payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing March 1, 2021. The debentures may be redeemed by Liberty, in whole or in part, on or after September 1, 2024. Holders of the debentures also have the right to require Liberty to purchase their debentures on September 1, 2024. The redemption and purchase price will generally equal of the adjusted principal amount of the debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus any final period distribution. The debentures 
 II-74 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million term loan, a million revolving line of credit and a million delayed draw term loan. The term loan, delayed draw term loan and any drawn portion of the revolver carried an interest rate of plus with the undrawn portion carrying a fee of . Borrowings outstanding under the Sirius XM Holdings Margin Loan bore interest at a rate of per annum at December 31, 2020. On February 24, 2021, Siri MarginCo borrowed million pursuant to an amendment to this margin loan agreement which includes an million term loan and an million revolving line of credit. Also pursuant to the amendment, the maturity was extended to March 2024. The term loan and any drawn portion of the revolver carry an interest rate of plus with the undrawn portion carrying a fee of . Borrowings outstanding under the Sirius XM Holdings Margin Loan bore interest at a rate of and per annum at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, availability under the Sirius XM Holdings Margin Loan was million. As of December 31, 2022, billion shares of the Company s Sirius XM Holdings common stock with a value of million were held in collateral accounts related to the Sirius XM Holdings Margin Loan. The margin loan contains various affirmative and negative covenants that restrict the activities of the borrower. The margin loan does not include any financial covenants. Live Nation Margin Loan On December 10, 2018, LMC LYV, a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty, amended the Live Nation Margin Loan agreement, increasing the borrowing capacity to million, decreasing the interest rate to plus and increasing the undrawn commitment fee to either or per annum (based on the undrawn amount). On March 19, 2020, the Company repaid all amounts outstanding on the margin loan. On March 27, 2020, the margin loan agreement was amended, reducing the borrowing capacity to million. On November 9, 2020, the margin loan was amended, reducing the borrowing capacity to million, increasing the interest rate to plus , decreasing the undrawn commitment fee to per annum and extending the maturity date to December 9, 2022. On December 3, 2021, the margin loan was amended, increasing the borrowing capacity to million. On May 9, 2022, the margin loan was amended, replacing the delayed draw term loan with a million revolving line of credit, changing the interest rate to the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus Term SOFR Adjustment plus and extending the maturity to May 9, 2025. Interest on the margin loan is payable on the last business day of each calendar quarter. As of December 31, 2022, availability under the Live Nation Margin Loan was million. As of December 31, 2022, million shares of the Company s Live Nation common stock with a value of million were pledged as collateral to the loan. The Live Nation Margin Loan contains various affirmative and negative covenants that restrict the activities of the borrower. The loan agreement does not include any financial covenants. The Live Nation Margin Loan is attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. 
 II-75 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Senior Notes Due 2026 and Sirius XM Senior Notes Due 2031 In August 2021, Sirius XM Holdings issued billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes and billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2031 (the Notes ). Interest on the Notes and Notes is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1. The Notes mature on September 1, 2026 and the Notes mature on September 1, 2031. Substantially all of Sirius XM Holdings domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries guarantee Sirius XM Holdings obligations under the notes. Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2027 In July 2017, Sirius XM Holdings issued billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1. The Notes will mature on August 1, 2027. The notes are recorded net of the remaining unamortized discount. Substantially all of Sirius XM Holdings domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries guarantee Sirius XM Holdings obligations under the notes. Sirius XM Senior Notes Due 2028 In June 2021, Sirius XM issued billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year at a rate of per annum. The Notes will mature on July 15, 2028. Substantially all of Sirius XM Holdings domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries guarantee Sirius XM Holdings obligations under the notes. Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2029 In June 2019, Sirius XM Holdings issued billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year at an annual rate of . The Notes will mature on July 1, 2029 and are recorded net of the remaining unamortized discount. Substantially all of Sirius XM Holdings domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries guarantee Sirius XM Holdings obligations under the notes. Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2030 In June 2020, Sirius XM Holdings issued billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year at an annual rate of . The Notes will mature on July 1, 2030 and are recorded net of the remaining unamortized discount . Substantially all of Sirius XM Holdings domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries guarantee Sirius XM Holdings obligations under the notes. Pandora Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 Sirius XM Holdings acquired million principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the Pandora Notes due 2023 as part of the Pandora acquisition in February 2019. As of December 31, 2022, the conversion rate applicable to the Pandora Notes due 2023 was shares of Sirius XM Holdings common stock per thousand principal amount of the Pandora Notes due 2023. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, as described in note 3, Sirius XM Holdings allocated the principal amount of the Pandora Notes due 2023 between the liability and equity components. Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, as further described in note 3, the separation model for 
 II-76 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million which matures in August 2026. The Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of Sirius XM Holdings material domestic subsidiaries and is secured by a lien on substantially all of Sirius XM Holdings assets and the assets of its material domestic subsidiaries. Interest on borrowings is payable on a monthly basis and accrues at a rate based on plus an applicable rate. Borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility bore interest at a rate of per annum as of December 31, 2022. Sirius XM Holdings is required to pay a variable fee on the average daily unused portion of the Credit Facility which was per annum as of December 31, 2022 and is payable on a quarterly basis. The Credit Facility contains customary covenants, including a maintenance covenant. Availability under the Credit Facility was million as of December 31, 2022. On April 11, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings entered into an amendment to the Credit Facility to incorporate an incremental term loan borrowing of million which matures on April 11, 2024. Interest on the incremental term loan borrowing is based on Adjusted Term SOFR plus an applicable rate. Borrowings outstanding under the incremental term loan bore interest at a rate of per annum as of December 31, 2022. Braves Holdings Notes and Loans Braves Holdings debt, primarily related to the stadium and mixed-use complex, is summarized as follows: NA various Ballpark funding Senior secured note NA September 2041 Floating rate notes NA NA September 2029 Stadium credit facility July 2026 Mixed-use credit facilities and loans various Spring training credit facility NA December 2030 Total Braves Holdings Formula 1 Loans On November 23, 2022, Formula 1 refinanced its previous billion first lien Term Loan B and million revolving credit facility (collectively, the Senior Loan Facility with a new million first lien Term Loan A, a refinanced billion Term Loan B and a new million revolving credit facility. The Term Loan A and revolving 
 II-77 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 outstanding borrowings under the million revolving credit facility. The margin for the Term Loan B is with the potential to step down to if a certain leverage test is met. The margin for the new Term Loan A and revolving credit facility is between and depending on leverage ratios, amongst other things, and is fixed at for the first year. The reference rate for the Term Loan A, Term Loan B and dollar borrowings under the revolving credit facility is Term SOFR. The interest rate on the Senior Loan Facility was approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Senior Loan Facility remains non-recourse to Liberty Media. The Senior Loan Facility is secured by share pledges and floating charges over Formula 1 s primary operating companies with certain cross guarantees. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, Formula 1 has interest rate swaps on billion of the billion Senior Loan Facility in order to manage its interest rate risk. Debt Covenants The Sirius XM Holdings Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants related to Sirius XM Holdings leverage ratio. Braves Holdings debt contains certain financial covenants related to Braves Holdings debt service coverage ratio, fixed charge coverage ratio and debt yield ratio. The Formula 1 Senior Loan Facility contains certain financial covenants, including a leverage ratio. Additionally, Sirius XM Holdings Credit Facility, Braves Holdings debt, Formula 1 debt and other borrowings contain certain non-financial covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company, Sirius XM Holdings, Formula 1 and Braves Holdings were in compliance with all debt covenants. Fair Value of Debt Senior Notes due 2026 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2027 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2028 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2029 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2030 Sirius XM Senior Notes due 2031 Pandora Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 Due to the variable rate nature of the Credit Facility, margin loans and other debt, the Company believes that the carrying amount approximates fair value at December 31, 2022. 
 II-78 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 (1) whether any expired or existing contracts are leases or contain leases, (2) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases, and (3) initial direct costs for any existing leases as of the effective date. We elected the practical expedient, which permits entities to use hindsight in determining the lease term and assessing impairment. The most significant impact of ASC 842 was the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for operating leases. In addition, the Company elected the practical expedient to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single component and will not recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for short-term leases, which are those leases with a term of twelve months or less at the lease commencement date. The Company and its subsidiaries lease a baseball stadium and facilities, business offices, satellite transponders and equipment. Operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future lease payments using our incremental borrowing rate at the commencement date of the lease. Our leases have remaining lease terms of to , some of which may include the to for up to , and some of which include options to the within 1 to . Braves Holdings baseball stadium was historically accounted for as a financing obligation under the build-to-suit lease guidance. The transition guidance for a build-to-suit lease arrangement requires the lessee to derecognize the assets and liabilities that were recognized solely as a result of a transaction s build-to-suit designation under the previous accounting guidance, with any difference recorded as an adjustment to equity as of the adoption date. Braves Holdings then applied the general lessee guidance under ASC 842 to the baseball stadium lease, including classifying it as a finance lease, and recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability on the balance sheet, which has been initially measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments over the lease term. 
 II-79 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Operating lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost The remaining weighted-average lease terms and the weighted average discount rates were as follows: Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases Operating leases The following table presents supplemental balance sheet information related to leases: Current operating lease liabilities (2) Operating lease liabilities (3) Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases: Property and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Current finance lease liabilities (2) Finance lease liabilities (3) Total finance lease liabilities 

 (1) Included in Other assets in the consolidated balance sheet (2) Included in Other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet (3) Included in Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet 
 II-80 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Financing cash flows for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Future minimum payments under noncancelable operating leases and finance leases with initial terms of one year or more at December 31, 2022 consisted of the following: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: implied interest Present value of lease liabilities million shares of LMAC Series F common stock Founder Shares for . On January 26, 2021, LMAC consummated its initial public offering IPO of million units (the Units ), including million Units sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. Each Unit consisted of share of Series A common stock of LMAC and one -fifth of one redeemable warrant of LMAC. Each whole warrant entitled the holder thereof to purchase one share of Series A common stock for per share, subject to adjustment, following the later of after the completion of LMAC s initial business combination and from the closing of the IPO Public Warrants ). The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to LMAC of million, which were placed in a U.S.-based trust account (Level 1) which was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Substantially concurrent with the IPO, LMAC completed the private placement of million warrants to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement Warrant entitled the holder thereof to purchase share of LMAC s Series A common stock for per share, subject to adjustment, following the later of after the completion of LMAC s initial business combination and from the closing of the IPO and the Sponsor committed to acquire million of forward purchase units (each consisting of share of LMAC s Series B common stock and one -fifth of one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of LMAC s Series A common stock), at a price of per unit, pursuant to a forward purchase agreement that would close substantially concurrently with the consummation of LMAC s initial business combination. 
 II-81 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 of LMAC s issued and outstanding common stock. The Founder Shares had certain governance rights which allow the Company to control LMAC s affairs, policies and operations through the initial business combination and therefore the Company consolidated LMAC post-IPO. LMAC also entered into services and facilities sharing agreements with the Company for shared office space, services and personnel based on a flat fee. The Public Warrants, issued as part of the Units in the IPO, had certain provisions which required LMAC to account for these instruments at fair value as a liability. Therefore, the proceeds from the IPO were bifurcated between the warrants and the Series A common stock. At the IPO date, approximately million was recorded as a warrant liability within Other Liabilities, net of IPO costs. LMAC s Series A common stock, issued as part of the Units in the IPO, had certain provisions which allowed the holder to put back the stock to LMAC upon an initial business combination at their election. This conditional redemption feature required the Company to account for those shares that were subject to potential redemption as redeemable noncontrolling interests which required temporary equity classification (outside of permanent equity). Since its IPO, LMAC employed a broad set of search criteria for potential target business combinations, however, LMAC s management observed what it believes were high valuations in 2021, a declining IPO market in 2022, and significant public and private market volatility, which prevented LMAC from securing an opportunity that it believed would offer a compelling return on investment for its stockholders. In light of these circumstances, LMAC determined that it was not feasible to complete an initial business combination in advance of the contractual termination date of January 26, 2023. As a result, on November 14, 2022, stockholders of LMAC approved an amendment to LMAC s certificate of incorporation which allowed LMAC to unwind and redeem all of its outstanding public shares prior to December 30, 2022. The redemption was completed during December 2022 and LMAC was subsequently dissolved. Initial recognition of redeemable noncontrolling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Redemption of noncontrolling interests ) Balance, end of period The Company s interest in LMAC was attributed to the Formula One Group. Transactions and ownership interests with the Sponsor eliminated upon consolidation. 
 II-82 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) ) Foreign ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) The following table presents a summary of our domestic and foreign earnings (loss) before income taxes: ) Foreign ) Total ) 
 II-83 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Expected income tax benefit (expense) differs from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as a result of the following: ) State and local income taxes, net of federal income taxes ) ) ) Foreign income taxes, net of foreign tax credit Income tax reserves ) Taxable dividends, net of dividends received deductions ) ) ) Federal tax credits Change in valuation allowance affecting tax expense ) ) Change in tax rate Deductible stock-based compensation Non-deductible executive compensation ) ) ) Non-taxable gain / non-deductible (loss) ) Impairment of nondeductible goodwill ) Other, net ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the significant reconciling items, as noted in the table above, are a decrease in our valuation allowance, partially offset by the effect of state income taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the significant reconciling items, as noted in the table above, are federal income tax credits, the settlement of state income tax audits at Sirius XM Holdings and a change in the Company s foreign effective tax rate, partially offset by an increase in our valuation allowance, the effect of state income taxes and certain losses that are not deductible for income tax purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the significant reconciling items, as noted in the table above, are additional tax expense related to an impairment loss on goodwill that is not deductible for tax purposes and an increase in the Company s valuation allowance, partially offset by tax benefits related to changes in the Company s foreign effective tax rate and federal tax credits. 
 II-84 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Other accrued liabilities Investments Accrued stock compensation Deferred revenue Discount on debt Other future deductible amounts Deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets Fixed assets Discount on debt Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a million decrease in the Company s valuation allowance that affected tax expense and a million decrease that affected equity. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a deferred tax asset of million for federal, state and foreign net operating losses NOLs ), interest expense carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Of this amount, the Company has million of federal NOLs, million of state NOLs, million of federal interest expense carryforwards, million of federal tax credit carryforwards, million of state tax credit carryforwards, million of foreign NOLs and million of foreign interest expense carryforwards that may be carried forward indefinitely. The remaining million of carryforwards expire at certain future dates. These carryforwards are expected to be utilized in future periods and are not subject to a valuation allowance. 
 II-85 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Decrease for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in tax positions for current year ) Increase in tax positions from prior years Settlements with tax authorities ) Balance at end of year As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits and uncertain tax positions of million. If such tax benefits were to be recognized for financial statement purposes, approximately million would be reflected in the Company s tax expense and affect its effective tax rate. We do not currently anticipate that our existing reserves related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 will significantly increase or decrease during the twelve-month period ending December 31, 2023; however, various events could cause our current expectations to change in the future. The Company s estimate of its unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions requires a high degree of judgment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s tax years prior to 2019 are closed for federal income tax purposes, and the IRS has completed its examination of the Company s 2019 and 2020 tax years. The Company s 2021 tax year is not under IRS examination. The Company s 2022 tax year is currently under examination by the IRS. Various states are currently examining the Company s prior years state income tax returns. We do not expect the ultimate disposition of these audits to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in accrued interest and penalties recorded related to uncertain tax positions. On February 1, 2021, the Company entered into a tax sharing agreement with Sirius XM Holdings governing the allocation of consolidated U.S. income tax liabilities and setting forth agreements with respect to other tax matters. The tax sharing agreement was negotiated by the Company with a special committee of Sirius XM Holdings board of directors, all of whom are independent of the Company, and approved by the executive committee of the Board of Directors. The tax sharing agreement contains provisions that the Company believes are customary for tax sharing agreements between members of a consolidated group. Under the Internal Revenue Code, two eligible corporations may form a consolidated tax group, and file a consolidated federal income tax return, if one corporation owns stock representing at least 80 of the voting power and value of the outstanding capital stock of the other corporation. Following the closing of the share exchange on November 3, 2021, as described in note 1, Liberty owned greater than of the outstanding equity interest of Sirius XM Holdings, and, as a result, Liberty and Sirius XM Holdings became members of the same consolidated federal income tax group. On November 1, 2021, Sirius XM Holdings entered into (i) an agreement with Liberty whereby Liberty agreed not to effect any merger with Sirius XM Holdings pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor to such statute) without obtaining the prior approval of a special committee of the Sirius XM Holdings board of directors, all of whom are independent of Liberty (the Special Committee (or any successor special committee of Sirius XM Holdings independent and disinterested directors) and (ii) an agreement regarding certain tax matters relating to the exchange. Each of these agreements was negotiated by the Special Committee with Liberty. 
 II-86 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 shares of preferred stock were issued. Common Stock Series A Liberty SiriusXM, Liberty Braves and Liberty Formula One common stock have vote per share, Series B Liberty SiriusXM, Liberty Braves and Liberty Formula One common stock have votes per share and Series C Liberty SiriusXM, Liberty Braves and Liberty Formula One common stock have votes per share except as otherwise required by Delaware law. Each share of Series B common stock is exchangeable at the option of the holder for share of Series A common stock of the same group. All series of our common stock participate on an equal basis with respect to dividends and distributions. Purchases of Common Stock During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased million shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million and million shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million under the authorized repurchase program. All of the foregoing shares obtained have been retired and returned to the status of authorized and available for issuance. There were repurchases of Series A Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock and repurchases of Series C Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased million shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million, million shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million and million shares of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million under the authorized repurchase program. All of the foregoing shares obtained have been retired and returned to the status of authorized and available for issuance. There were repurchases of Series A Liberty Braves common stock and repurchases of Series C Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million shares of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million, million shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million and million shares of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock for aggregate cash consideration of million under the authorized repurchase program. All of the foregoing shares obtained have been retired and returned to the status of authorized and available for issuance. There were repurchases of Series A Liberty Braves common stock and repurchases of Series C Liberty Braves common stock or Liberty Formula One common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. Dividends Declared by Subsidiary During the year ended December 31, 2020, Sirius XM Holdings declared a cash dividend each quarter, and paid in cash an aggregate amount of million, of which Liberty received million. 
 II-87 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, of which Liberty received million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings declared quarterly dividends and a special dividend and paid in cash an aggregate amount of million, of which Liberty received million. On January 25, 2023, Sirius XM Holdings board of directors declared a quarterly dividend on its common stock in the amount of per share of common stock, payable on February 24, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 9, 2023. , and (2) a blended average of historical time allocation on a Liberty-wide and CEO basis, weighted , in each case, absent agreement to the contrary by Liberty and the Service Companies in consultation with the CEO. The allocation percentage will then be adjusted annually and following certain events. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the allocation percentage for Liberty was , and , respectively. The CEO Arrangement provides for a employment term which began on January 1, 2020 and ends December 31, 2024, with an annual base salary of million (with no contracted increase), a one-time cash commitment bonus of million (paid in December 2019) and an annual target cash performance bonus of million (with payment subject to the achievement of one or more performance metrics as determined by the applicable company s Compensation Committee), upfront equity awards and annual equity awards (as described below). The CEO was entitled to receive term equity awards with an aggregate grant date fair value of million (the Upfront Awards which were granted in equal tranches. The first tranche consisted of time-vested stock options from each of Liberty, Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband and GCI Liberty and time-vested restricted stock units from Liberty TripAdvisor (collectively, the 2019 term awards that vest, in each case, on December 31, 2023 (except Liberty TripAdvisor s award of time-vested restricted stock units, which vests on December 15, 2023), subject to the CEO s continued employment, except under certain circumstances. Liberty s portion of the 2019 term awards, granted in December 2019, had an aggregate grant date fair value of and consisted of stock options to purchase Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock LSXMK shares, Series C Liberty Braves BATRK shares and Series C Formula One common stock FWONK shares, with exercise prices of , and , respectively. The second tranche of the Upfront Awards consisted of time-vested stock options from each of Liberty, Qurate Retail, Liberty Broadband and GCI Liberty and time-vested restricted stock units from Liberty TripAdvisor (collectively, the 2020 term awards that vest, in each case, on December 31, 2024 (except Liberty TripAdvisor s award of time-vested restricted stock units, which vests on December 7, 2024), subject to the CEO s continued employment, except under certain circumstances. Liberty s portion of the 2020 term awards, granted in December 2020, had an aggregate grant date fair value of and consisted of stock options to purchase LSXMK shares, BATRK shares and FWONK shares, with exercise prices of , and , respectively. 
 II-88 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, consisting of time-vested options and/or performance-based restricted stock units. The CEO elected the portions of his annual equity awards that he desired to be issued in the form of options, performance-based restricted stock units or a combination of both. The annual equity awards were allocated across Liberty and each of the Service Companies. Vesting of any of these annual performance-based restricted stock units will be subject to the achievement of one or more performance metrics to be approved by the Compensation Committee of the applicable company with respect to its respective allocable portion of the annual performance-based restricted stock units. At Liberty, the CEO s annual equity awards were issued with respect to LSXMK, BATRK and FWONK. The CEO will be entitled to payments and benefits if his employment is terminated, subject to the execution of releases. Such payments and benefits generally will take the form of cash payments, issuance of fully vested shares and the acceleration of unvested equity awards, depending on the type of termination. In the event that the CEO s services to a Service Company are discontinued and he remains employed by Liberty following such discontinuation (unless such discontinuation is for cause (as defined in his employment agreement)), the Service Company will be required to make a termination payment to Liberty, as well as provide the CEO with certain payments and benefits upon termination under certain circumstances. Exchange Agreement with Chairman On July 28, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement, among the Company, John C. Malone (the Chairman of the Board of the Company), and a revocable trust of which Mr. Malone is the sole trustee and beneficiary (the JM Trust (the Exchange Agreement ), whereby, among other things, Mr. Malone agreed to an arrangement under which his aggregate voting power in the Company would not exceed (the Target Voting Power plus (under certain circumstances). The Exchange Agreement provides for exchanges by the Company and Mr. Malone or the JM Trust of shares of Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Series B Liberty Braves common stock or Series B Liberty Formula One common stock for shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Series C Liberty Braves common stock or Series C Liberty Formula One common stock, respectively, in connection with certain events, including (i) any event that would result in a reduction in the outstanding votes of any of the Company s tracking stock groups (each, a Group or an increase of Mr. Malone s beneficially-owned voting power in any Group (other than a Voting Power Exchange (as defined below)) (an Accretive Event ), in each case, such that Mr. Malone s voting power with respect to such Group would exceed the Target Voting Power plus , (ii) from and after the occurrence of any Accretive Event, any event that would result in an increase in the outstanding votes of any Group or a decrease of Mr. Malone s beneficially-owned voting power in any Group (a Dilutive Event ), in each case, such that Mr. Malone s voting power with respect to such Group falls below the Target Voting Power less , or (iii) on a quarterly basis or in connection with any annual or special meeting of stockholders, upon request by Mr. Malone or the JM Trust, if Mr. Malone s aggregate voting power in the Company is less than the Target Voting Power and would continue to be less than the Target Voting Power upon completion of such exchange (a Voting Power Exchange ). Additionally, the Exchange Agreement contains certain provisions with respect to fundamental events at the Company, meaning any combination, consolidation, merger, exchange offer, split-off, spin-off, rights offering or dividend, in each case, as a result of which holders of Series B common stock of one or more Groups are entitled to receive securities of the Company, securities of another person, property or cash, or a combination thereof. In connection with an Accretive Event with respect to a Group, Mr. Malone or the JM Trust will be required to exchange with the Company shares of Series B common stock of such Group Exchanged Group Series B Shares for an equal number of shares of Series C common stock of the same Group so as to maintain Mr. Malone s voting power with respect to such Group as close as possible to, without exceeding, the Target Voting Power, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Agreement. In connection with a Dilutive Event with respect to a Group, Mr. Malone and the JM Trust may exchange with the Company shares of Series C common stock of a Group for an equal number of shares of 
 II-89 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 -for- basis for shares of Series C common stock of the same Group, with the maximum number of shares of Series B common stock to be delivered to Mr. Malone or the JM Trust equal to the number of Exchanged Group Series B Shares at such time that may be delivered without resulting in Mr. Malone s aggregate voting power in the Company exceeding the Target Voting Power, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, there have been exchanges of the Company s shares pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. Chairman s Employment Agreement On December 12, 2008, the Committee determined to modify its employment arrangements with Mr. Malone, to permit Mr. Malone to begin receiving payments in 2009 while he remains employed by the Company (instead of following his termination) in satisfaction of Liberty s obligations to him under two deferred compensation plans and a salary continuation plan. Under one of the deferred compensation plans (the Plan ), compensation has been deferred by Mr. Malone since January 1, 1993 and accrues interest at the rate of per annum compounded annually from the applicable date of deferral. Under the second plan (the Plan ), compensation was deferred by Mr. Malone from 1982 until December 31, 1992 and accrues interest at the rate of per annum compounded annually from the applicable date of deferral. The amounts owed to Mr. Malone under the Plan and Plan aggregated approximately million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2008. The amount owed to Mr. Malone under his salary continuation plan aggregated approximately million at December 31, 2008. Mr. Malone will receive 240 equal monthly installments as follows, which began on February 1, 2009: (1) approximately under the Plan; (2) approximately under the Plan; and (3) approximately under the salary continuation plan. Interest ceased to accrue under his salary continuation plan once the payment began. million shares of Series A, Series B and Series C Liberty Media Corporation common stock plus the shares remaining available for Awards under the prior Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ), as of close of business on May 24, 2022, the effective date of the 2022 Plan. Any forfeited shares from the 2017 Plan shall also be available again under the 2022 Plan. Awards generally vest over - and have a term of - . Liberty issues new shares upon exercise of equity awards. 
 II-90 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty CEO (2) Series C Liberty Formula One common stock, Liberty employees and directors (1) Series C Liberty Formula One common stock, Liberty CEO (2) Series C Liberty Formula One common stock, Formula 1 employees (3) Series C Liberty Braves common stock, Liberty employees and directors (1) Series C Liberty Braves common stock, Liberty CEO (2) Series C Liberty Braves common stock, Braves employees (4) 

 (1) Mainly vests between two and for employees and in for directors. (2) Grants made in March 2022 cliff vested in December 2022. Grant made in March 2021 cliff vested in December 2021. Grants made in March 2020 cliff vested in December 2020, and grants made in December 2020 in connection with the CEO s employment agreement cliff vest in December 2024. See discussion in note 14 regarding the compensation agreement with the Company s CEO. (3) Grants made in 2022 and 2021 vested in equal quarterly installments over . Grants made in 2020 vested monthly over . (4) Grants made in December 2020 vested in December 2022 and vest in December 2023. 
 In addition to the stock option grants to the Liberty CEO, and in connection with his employment agreement, the Company granted time-based and performance-based RSUs. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company granted thousand, thousand and thousand time-based RSUs of Series C common stock of Liberty SiriusXM, Liberty Formula One and Liberty Braves, respectively, to our CEO. The RSUs had a GDFV of , and per share, respectively, and cliff vested on December 10, 2020. These RSU grants were issued in lieu of our CEO receiving of his remaining base salary for the last quarters of calendar year 2020, and he waived his right to receive the other , in each case, in light of the ongoing financial impact of COVID-19. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted thousand and thousand performance-based RSUs of Series C common stock of Liberty Formula One and Liberty Braves, respectively, to our CEO. Such RSUs had a GDFV of per share and per share, respectively, and cliff vested from the month of grant, subject to the satisfaction of certain performance objectives and based on an amount determined by the compensation committee. Performance objectives, which are subjective, are considered in determining the timing and amount of the compensation expense recognized. As the satisfaction of the performance objectives becomes probable, the Company records compensation expense. The value of the grant is re-measured at each reporting period. 
 II-91 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 to years. The volatility used in the calculation for Awards is based on the historical volatility of Liberty s stocks and the implied volatility of publicly traded Liberty options. The Company uses a dividend rate and the risk-free rate for Treasury Bonds with a term similar to that of the subject options. The following table presents the volatilities used by the Company in the Black-Scholes Model for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 grants. - 2021 grants Liberty options - 2020 grants Liberty options - Liberty Outstanding Awards The following tables present the number and weighted average exercise price WAEP of options to purchase Liberty common stock granted to certain officers, employees and directors of the Company, as well as the weighted average remaining life and aggregate intrinsic value of the options. Liberty SiriusXM Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 II-92 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Exercisable at December 31, 2022 years Liberty Braves Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Exercisable at December 31, 2022 years As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding Series A or Series B options to purchase shares of Series A or Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Formula One common stock or Liberty Braves common stock, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Liberty Awards was approximately million. Such amount will be recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations over a weighted average period of approximately years. As of December 31, 2022, million, million and million shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM, Liberty Formula One and Liberty Braves common stock, respectively, were reserved for issuance under exercise privileges of outstanding stock options. Liberty Exercises The aggregate intrinsic value of all options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 II-93 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 thousand, thousand and thousand unvested RSAs and RSUs of Liberty SiriusXM, Liberty Formula One and Liberty Braves common stock, respectively, held by certain directors, officers and employees of the Company as of December 31, 2022. These Series A and Series C unvested RSAs and RSUs of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Formula One common stock and Liberty Braves common stock had a weighted average GDFV of , and per share, respectively. The aggregate fair value of all RSAs and RSUs of Liberty common stock that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Sirius XM Holdings Stock-based Compensation During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Sirius XM Holdings granted various types of stock awards to its employees and members of its board of directors. Stock-based awards are generally subject to a graded vesting requirement, which is generally three to from the grant date. Stock options generally expire from the date of grant. Restricted stock units include performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs ), the vesting of which are subject to the achievement of performance goals and the employee s continued employment and generally cliff vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. Sirius XM Holdings calculates the grant-date fair value for all of its equity classified awards and any subsequent remeasurement of its liability classified awards using the Black-Scholes Model. The weighted average volatility applied to the fair value determination of Sirius XM Holdings option grants during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings granted approximately million stock options with a weighted-average exercise price of per share and a grant date fair value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings has approximately million options outstanding of which approximately million are exercisable, each with a weighted-average exercise price per share of and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of these outstanding and exercisable options was million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Holdings granted approximately million RSUs and PRSUs with a grant date fair value of per share. The stock-based compensation related to Sirius XM Holdings stock options and restricted stock awards was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Sirius XM Holdings stock options was million. The Sirius XM Holdings unrecognized compensation cost will be recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations over a weighted average period of approximately years. million, million and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 II-94 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020) ) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) The components of other comprehensive earnings (loss) are reflected in Liberty s consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings (loss) net of taxes. The following table summarizes the tax effects related to each component of other comprehensive earnings (loss). ) Credit risk on fair value debt instruments gains (losses) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Recognition of previously unrealized (gains) losses on debt ) ) Other comprehensive earnings ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021: Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period ) ) Credit risk on fair value debt instruments gains (losses) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Recognition of previously unrealized (gains) losses on debt ) ) Other comprehensive earnings ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020: Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period ) ) Credit risk on fair value debt instruments gains (losses) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Other comprehensive earnings ) 
 II-95 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million, which is payable as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million thereafter. Additionally, these contracts may include incentive compensation (although certain incentive compensation awards cannot be earned by more than one player per season). Programming, music royalties and other contractual arrangements Sirius XM Holdings has entered into various programming agreements under which Sirius XM Holdings obligations include fixed payments, advertising commitments and revenue sharing arrangements. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings has entered into certain music royalty arrangements that include fixed payments. Amounts due under programming and music royalty agreements are payable as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. Future revenue sharing costs are dependent upon many factors and are difficult to estimate; therefore, they are not included in the amounts above. In addition, Sirius XM Holdings has entered into agreements related to certain satellite and transmission costs, sales and marketing costs and in-orbit performance payments to the manufacturer of its satellites. Amounts due under these agreements are payable as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. SXM-7 Satellite During the year ended December 31, 2021, Sirius XM Holdings recorded an impairment charge of million to impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries in the consolidated statement of operations related to the total loss of the SXM-7 satellite. Sirius XM Holdings procured insurance for SXM-7 to cover the risks associated with the satellite s launch and first year of in-orbit operation. The aggregate coverage under the insurance policies with respect to SXM-7 was million. During the year ended December 31, 2021 Sirius XM Holdings collected insurance recoveries of million. Of this amount, million was recorded as a reduction to impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in the consolidated statements of operations. The remaining million was recorded in other, net in the consolidated statements of operations. SXM-7 remains in-orbit at its assigned orbital location, but is not being used to provide satellite radio service. The SXM-8 satellite was successfully launched into a geostationary orbit on June 6, 2021 and was placed into service on September 8, 2021 following the completion of in-orbit testing. The SXM-8 satellite replaced the XM-3 satellite. 
 II-96 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 games and Formula 1 had Events. The 2021 regular baseball season was comprised of games. Formula 1 originally scheduled Events in 2021, and after a number of Events were cancelled and/or replaced, a record Events took place. Braves Holdings and Formula 1 had limitations on the number of fans in attendance at certain games and Events in 2021, thereby reducing revenue associated with fan attendance. Starting in the third quarter of 2021, Live Nation saw a meaningful restart of its operations, with growth in ticket sales, new sponsor partners and the resumption of shows, primarily in the U.S. and U.K. In 2022, the Braves played a full game schedule and Formula 1 held Events. Although Formula 1, Braves Holdings and Live Nation saw a more complete return to normal business operations, schedules and events in 2022, it is unclear whether and to what extent COVID-19 concerns, or a future pandemic or epidemic, will impact the use of and/or demand for the entertainment, events and services provided by these businesses and demand for sponsorship and advertising assets. If these businesses face cancelled events, closed venues and reduced attendance in the future, the impact may substantially decrease our revenue. Due to the revenue reductions caused by COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021, these businesses have looked to reduce expenses, but should such impacts resume, the businesses may not be able to reduce expenses to the same degree as any decline in revenue, which may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Litigation The Company has contingent liabilities related to legal and tax proceedings and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We evaluate developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of the liability accrual and make adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of a loss or potential loss. We may be unable to reasonably estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss for a particular legal contingency for various reasons, including, among others, because: (i) the damages sought are indeterminate; (ii) the proceedings are in the relative early stages; (iii) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending proceedings (including motions and appeals); (iv) there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of settlement and the outcome of any negotiations with respect thereto; (v) there remain significant factual issues to be determined or resolved; (vi) the relevant law is unsettled; or (vii) the proceedings involve novel or untested legal theories. In such instances, there may be considerable uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss, if any. In the opinion of management, it is expected that amounts, if any, which may be required to satisfy such contingencies will not be material in relation to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Pre-1972 Sound Recording Litigation. On October 2, 2014, Flo Eddie Inc. filed a class action suit against Pandora in the federal district court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges a violation of California Civil Code Section 980, unfair competition, misappropriation and conversion in connection with the public performance of sound recordings recorded prior to February 15, 1972 pre-1972 recordings ). On December 19, 2014, Pandora filed a motion to strike the complaint pursuant to California s Anti-Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation Anti-SLAPP statute, which following denial of Pandora s motion was appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. In March 2017, the Ninth Circuit requested certification to the California Supreme Court on the substantive legal questions. The California Supreme Court accepted certification. In May 2019, the California Supreme Court issued an order dismissing consideration of the certified questions on the basis that, following the enactment of the Orrin G. Hatch-Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization Act, Pub. L. No. 115-264, 132 Stat. 3676 (2018) (the MMA ), resolution of the questions posed by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals was no longer necessary to . . . settle an important question of law. 
 II-97 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 II-98 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 complementary audio entertainment businesses, Sirius XM and Pandora and Off-platform. Sirius XM features music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic and weather channels and other content, as well as podcasts and infotainment services, in the U.S. on a subscription fee basis. Sirius XM s packages include live, curated and certain exclusive and on demand programming. The Sirius XM service is distributed through its proprietary satellite radio systems and streamed via applications for mobile devices, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. Sirius XM also provides connected vehicle services and a suite of in-vehicle data services. Pandora operates a music and podcast streaming discovery platform. Pandora is available as an ad-supported radio service, a radio subscription service, called Pandora Plus, and an on-demand subscription service, called Pandora Premium. Pandora also sells advertising on other audio platforms in widely distributed podcasts, which are considered to be off-platform services. 
 Formula 1 is a global motorsports business that holds exclusive commercial rights with respect to the World Championship, an annual, approximately long, motor race-based competition in which teams compete for the Constructors Championship and drivers compete for the Drivers Championship. The World Championship takes place on various circuits with a varying number of events taking place in different countries around the world each season. Formula 1 is responsible for the commercial exploitation and development of the World Championship as well as various aspects of its management and administration. 
 The Company s reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. They are managed separately because each segment requires different technologies, differing revenue sources and marketing strategies. The significant accounting policies of the segments that are also consolidated subsidiaries are the same as those described in the Company s summary of significant policies. 
 II-99 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Corporate and other ) ) ) Total Liberty SiriusXM Group Braves Group Corporate and other ) Total Braves Group ) Formula One Group Formula 1 Corporate and other ) ) ) Total Formula One Group Total Other Information Corporate and other Total Liberty SiriusXM Group Braves Group Corporate and other Total Braves Group Formula One Group Formula 1 Corporate and other Total Formula One Group Elimination (1) ) ) Consolidated Liberty 

 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, this amount includes the intergroup interests in the Braves Group held by the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the intergroup interest in the Formula One Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group, as discussed in note 2. The Braves Group intergroup interests attributable to the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group are presented as assets of the Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM 
 II-100 

Table of Contents LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million to the Formula One Group to settle its obligation under the call spread. The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted OIBDA to Operating income (loss) and Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes: Litigation settlements and reserves Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries (notes 5 and 8) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Operating income (loss) Interest expense ) ) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net ) ) Gains (losses) on dilution of investment in affiliate Other, net ) Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) Revenue by Geographic Area Revenue by geographic area based on the country of domicile is as follows: United Kingdom Other Long-lived Assets by Geographic Area United Kingdom 
 II-101 

Table of Contents 
 PART III. The following required information is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders presently scheduled to be held in the second quarter of 2023: Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services We expect to file our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before May 1, 2023. 
 III-1 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a)(1) Financial Statements Included in Part II of this Report: 

Page No. Liberty Media Corporation: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: II-33 Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 II-36 Consolidated Statements of Operations, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-38 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings (Loss), Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-40 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-41 Consolidated Statements of Equity, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-42 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 II-43 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules (i) All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is set forth in the financial statements or notes thereto. (a)(3) Exhibits Listed below are the exhibits which are filed as a part of this Report (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

3 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws: 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on January 24, 2017 (File No. 001-35707) (the 8-A )). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on August 6, 2015 (File No. 001-35707)). 4 Instruments Defining the Rights of Securities Holders, including Indentures: 4.1 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on December 22, 2015 (File No. 333-208699) (the 2015 Form S-4 )). 4.2 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the 2015 Form S-4). 4.3 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the 2015 Form S-4). 4.4 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series A Liberty Braves common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the 2015 Form S-4). 4.5 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series B Liberty Braves common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the 2015 Form S-4). 4.6 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series C Liberty Braves common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the 2015 Form S-4). 4.7 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series A Liberty Formula One common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the 8-A). 
 IV-1 

Table of Contents 
 4.8 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series B Liberty Formula One common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed on February 28, 2017 (File No. 001-25707)). 4.9 Specimen certificate for shares of the Registrant s Series C Liberty Formula One common stock, par value .01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the 8-A). 4.10 Indenture dated as of October 17, 2013 among the Registrant, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 filed on November 5, 2013 (File No. 001-35707)). 4.11 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 15, 2016, among Liberty Media Corporation, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2016 (File No. 001-35707)). 4.12 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on February 26, 2021 (File No. 001-35707) (the 2020 10-K )). 4.13 The Registrant undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of all instruments with respect to long-term debt not filed herewith. 10 Material Contracts: 10.1+ Liberty Media Corporation 2013 Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of March 31, 2015) (the 2013 Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 filed on May 8, 2015 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.2+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 filed on February 28, 2014 (File No. 001-35707) (the 2013 10-K )). 10.3+ Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 2013 10-K). 10.4+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2013 Plan granted to certain designated award recipients during 2016 and 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed on March 1, 2018 (File No. 001-35707) (the 2017 10-K )). 10.5+ Liberty Media Corporation 2013 Nonemployee Director Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of December 17, 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on February 26, 2016 (File No. 001-35707) (the 2015 10-K )). 10.6+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Nonemployee Director Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Starz s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 filed on February 23, 2012 (File No. 001-35294)). 10.7+ Form of Liberty Media Corporation Transitional Stock Adjustment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on December 17, 2012 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.8+ Liberty Media Corporation 2006 Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2016) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 2015 10-K). 10.9+ Amendment to the Liberty Media Corporation 2006 Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2016) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 filed on August 9, 2017 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.10+ Services Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2011, by and between Liberty Interactive Corporation and Liberty Media Corporation (as assignee of Starz (f/k/a Liberty Media Corporation)) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Starz S-4). 10.11+ Restated and Amended Employment Agreement dated November 1, 1992, between Tele-Communications, Inc. and John C. Malone (assumed by Liberty Media LLC as of March 9, 1999), and the amendment thereto dated June 30, 1999 and effective as of March 9, 1999, between Liberty Media LLC and John C. Malone (collectively, the Malone Employment Agreement (assumed, as amended, by the Registrant as of January 10, 2013)) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Qurate Retail, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 filed on February 25, 2010 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty Interactive 2009 10-K )). 10.12+ Second Amendment to Malone Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Liberty Interactive 2009 10-K). 10.13+ Third Amendment to Malone Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Qurate Retail, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 filed on February 27, 2009 (File No. 001-33982) (the Liberty Interactive 2008 10-K )). 
 IV-2 

Table of Contents 
 10.14+ Fourth Amendment to Malone Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Liberty Interactive 2008 10-K). 10.15+ Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Liberty Media Corporation 2013 Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of March 31, 2015) for Gregory B. Maffei, effective December 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 filed on August 5, 2015 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.16 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Base Cash Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction between J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A., London Branch and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed on August 5, 2016 (File No. 001-35707) (the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q )). 10.17 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Base Warrants Transaction between J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A., London Branch and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.18 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Base Cash Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction between Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.19 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Base Warrants Transaction between Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.20 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Base Cash Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction between Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.21 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Base Warrants Transaction between Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.22 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Additional Cash Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction between J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A., London Branch and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.23 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Additional Warrants Transaction between J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A., London Branch and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.24 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Additional Cash Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction between Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.25 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Additional Warrants Transaction between Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.26 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Additional Cash Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction between Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.27 Confirmation, dated June 22, 2016, of Additional Warrants Transaction between Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the 2016 Second Quarter 10-Q). 10.28+ Liberty Media Corporation Nonemployee Director Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 filed on May 8, 2015 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.29+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the 2015 10-K). 10.30+ Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the 2015 10-K). 10.31+ Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2017 Omnibus Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2017 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.32+ Form of 2017 Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (FWONK) under the Liberty Media Corporation 2013 Incentive Plan (the 2013 Incentive Plan for Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed on November 9, 2017 (File No. 001-35707) (the 2017 Third Quarter 10-Q )). 10.33+ Form of 2017 Term Option Agreement under the 2013 Incentive Plan (BATRK and FWONK) for Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 2017 Third Quarter 10-Q). 10.34+ Form of 2017 Term Option Agreement under the 2013 Incentive Plan (LSXMK) for Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 2017 Third Quarter 10-Q). 10.35+ Form of 2017 Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2013 Incentive Plan and the 2017 Omnibus Plan for certain officers other than the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Legal Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2017 Third Quarter 10-Q). 10.36+ Form of 2017 Time-vesting Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Plan for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the 2017 Third Quarter 10-Q). 
 IV-3 

Table of Contents 
 10.37 Letter Agreement between Liberty Interactive Corporation and Liberty Media Corporation relating to the Services Agreement dated September 23, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the 2017 10-K). 10.38+ Amendment, dated March 12, 2018, of certain Liberty Media Corporation incentive plans (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 filed on May 9, 2018 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.39 Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its executive officers/directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 filed on May 9, 2019 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.40+ Executive Employment Agreement, dated effective as of December 13, 2019, between Liberty Media and Gregory B. Maffei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019 (File No. 001-35707) (the 2019 8-K )). 10.41+ Form of Annual Option Award Agreement between Liberty Media and Gregory B. Maffei under the Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 2019 8-K). 10.42+ Form of Annual Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement between Liberty Media and Gregory B. Maffei under the Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the 2019 8-K). 10.43+ Form of Upfront Award Agreement between Liberty Media and Gregory B. Maffei under the Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 2019 8-K). 10.44+ Form of First Amendment to Services Agreement, effective as of December 13, 2019, between Liberty Media and Qurate Retail, Inc., Liberty Broadband Corporation, GCI Liberty, Inc. and Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the 2019 10-K). 10.45+ Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for certain officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the 2020 10-K) . 10.46+ Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the 2020 10-K) . 10.47+ Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for Nonemployee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the 2020 10-K) . 10.48+ Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Liberty Media Corporation 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, for certain officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 filed on May 7, 2021 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.49 Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2021, by and among John C. Malone, the John C. Malone 1995 Revocable Trust U/A DTD 3/6/1995 and Liberty Media Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2021 (File No. 001-35707)). 10.50+ Liberty Media Corporation 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on April 26, 2022 (File No. 001-35707)) . 21 Subsidiaries of Liberty Media Corporation. 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification. 32 Section 1350 Certification. 99.1 Unaudited Attributed Financial Information for Tracking Stock Groups. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 IV-4 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the Commission s Orders Granting Confidential Treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Rule 24(b)-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, certain confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of redacting a portion of the text. + This document has been identified as a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Not applicable. 
 IV-5 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. LIBERTY MEDIA CORPORATION Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ GREGORY B. MAFFEI Gregory B. Maffei President and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ John C. Malone Chairman of the Board and Director March 1, 2023 John C. Malone /s/ Gregory B. Maffei Director, President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2023 Gregory B. Maffei /s/ Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial March 1, 2023 Brian J. Wendling Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Robert R. Bennett Director March 1, 2023 Robert R. Bennett /s/ Derek Chang Director March 1, 2023 Derek Chang /s/ Brian Deevy Director March 1, 2023 Brian Deevy /s/ M. Ian G. Gilchrist Director March 1, 2023 M. Ian G. Gilchrist /s/ Evan D. Malone Director March 1, 2023 Evan D. Malone /s/ Larry E. Romrell Director March 1, 2023 Larry E. Romrell /s/ Andrea L. Wong Director March 1, 2023 Andrea L. Wong 

<EX-21>
 2
 lmca-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 
 As of December 31, 2022 A table of subsidiaries of Liberty Media Corporation is set forth below, indicating as to each the state or jurisdiction of organization and the names under which such subsidiaries do business. Subsidiaries not included in the table are inactive or, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

Entity Name Domicile Allsport Management S.A. Switzerland Alpha Prema UK Limited UK Alpha Topco Limited Jersey Atlanta Braves, Inc. GA Atlanta Braves DR, Inc. Dominican Republic Atlanta Braves Foundation, Inc. GA Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. NV Atlanta National League Baseball Club, LLC GA BDC Collateral, LLC DE BDC Block C, LLC DE BDC Block H, LLC DE BDC Holdco, LLC DE BDC Hotel I, LLC DE BDC Hotel II, LLC DE BDC Office I, LLC DE BDC Office II, LLC DE BDC Office III, LLC DE BDC Parking I, LLC DE BDC Retail I, LLC DE BDC C75, LLC GA Beta Holdings Limited Jersey Block A Condominium Association, Inc. GA Block B Condominium Association, Inc. GA 

Block C-2 Condominium Association, Inc. GA Block D-2 Condominium Association, Inc. GA Braves Baseball Holdco, LLC DE Braves Construction Company, LLC DE Braves Development Company, LLC DE Braves Entertainment Company, LLC DE Braves Facility Fund, LLC DE Braves Florida Rentco, LLC DE Braves Holdings, LLC DE Braves Productions, LLC (fka Braves Productions, Inc.) GA Braves Stadium Company, LLC DE Braves Stadium Parking Company, LLC 

 DE 

 BRED Co., LLC GA Delta 2 (Lux) S.a rl. Luxembourg Delta 3 (UK) Limited UK Delta Debtco Limited Jersey Delta Topco Limited Jersey Five Ballpark Center, LLC DE Formula Motorsport Limited (fka GP2 Motorsport Limited) UK Formula One Administration Limited UK Formula One Asset Management Limited UK Formula One Digital Media Limited UK Formula One Hospitality and Event Services Limited UK Formula One Licensing B.V. Netherlands Formula One Management Limited UK Formula One Marketing Limited UK Formula One Marketing II Limited UK Formula One Research, Engineering and Development Limited (fka Beta D3 Limited) UK Formula One World Championship Limited UK 

Las Vegas Grand Prix, Inc. DE, NV Liberty ATCL, Inc. CO Liberty GR Acquisition Company Limited UK Liberty GR Cayman Acquisition Company Cayman Islands Liberty GR Cayman Finance Company Cayman Islands Liberty GR Cayman Finance Company II Cayman Islands Liberty GR Holding Company Limited UK Liberty GR Foreign Holding Company I, L.P. Scotland Liberty GR US Sub 1 Corp. DE Liberty GR US Sub 2, LLC DE Liberty HK, Inc. DE Liberty LYV, LLC DE Liberty MSR, LLC DE Liberty Programming Company LLC DE Liberty Property Holdings, Inc. DE Liberty Property Holdings Lot 7A-1, LLC DE Liberty Property Holdings Lot 7A-2, LLC DE Liberty Property Holdings Lot 7A-3, LLC DE Liberty Property Holdings Common Management, LLC DE Liberty Radio 2, LLC DE Liberty Radio, LLC DE Liberty Satellite Radio, Inc. DE Liberty SIRI Marginco, LLC DE LMC 33rd Team, LLC DE LMC CC Technologies, LLC DE LMC Gaming Fund, LLC DE LMC Israel Investment, LLC DE LMC League, Inc. DE 

LMC LYV, LLC DE LMC Overtime, LLC DE LSAT Astro LLC DE LSR Foreign Holdings 2, LLC DE LSR Foreign Holdings, LLC DE LTWX V, Inc. CO LV Diamond Property I, LLC DE, NV Mould Fountain Funding, LLC DE SLEC Holdings Limited Jersey Sirius XM Holdings, Inc. DE The Battery Atlanta Association, Inc. GA The Stadium Club, Inc. GA TSAT Holding 2, Inc. DE 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 lmca-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1
 
 A42.6 Consent when our report(s) on audited financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in a Form 10-K are incorporated by reference in a previously filed and effective registration statement 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following registration statements (Nos. 333-251223, 333-235374, 333-229965, 333-222135, 333-219885, 333-216318, 333-211245, 333-210818) on Form S-8, (No. 333-260784) on Form S-3/ASR, and (No. 333-268921) on Form S-4/A of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Liberty Media Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 lmca-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Gregory B. Maffei, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Liberty Media Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this annual report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 6 

Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ GREGORY B. MAFFEI Gregory B. Maffei President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 lmca-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Brian J. Wendling, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Liberty Media Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this annual report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 lmca-20221231xex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 
 Unaudited Attributed Financial Information for Tracking Stock Groups The following tables present Liberty Media Corporation s Liberty or the Company assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and revenue, expenses and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The tables further present our assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash flows that are attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Liberty Braves Group Braves Group and the Liberty Formula One Group Formula One Group ), respectively. The reattribution, as described in note 1, is reflected in the attributed financial statements on a prospective basis from April 22, 2020. The financial information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the following attribution of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash flows to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Braves Group and the Formula One Group, our tracking stock capital structure does not affect the ownership or the respective legal title to our assets or responsibility for our liabilities. We and our subsidiaries are each responsible for our respective liabilities. Holders of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock are holders of our common stock and are subject to risks associated with an investment in our company and all of our businesses, assets and liabilities. The issuance of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock does not affect the rights of our creditors. 
 1 

SUMMARY ATTRIBUTED FINANCIAL DATA Liberty SiriusXM Group Summary Balance Sheet Data: 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 amounts in millions Cash and cash equivalents 362 598 Investments in affiliates, accounted for using the equity method 823 805 Intangible assets not subject to amortization 25,051 24,953 Intangible assets subject to amortization, net 1,101 1,269 Total assets 30,479 31,674 Deferred revenue 1,321 1,454 Long-term debt, including current portion 13,143 14,262 Deferred tax liabilities 2,054 2,206 Attributed net assets 8,759 8,036 Noncontrolling interest 3,138 3,565 Summary Statement of Operations Data: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue 9,003 8,696 8,040 Cost of Sirius XM Holdings services (1) (4,130) (3,968) (3,579) Subscriber acquisition costs (352) (325) (362) Other operating expenses (1) (285) (265) (264) Selling, general and administrative expense (1) (1,638) (1,598) (1,509) Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries (68) (20) (1,004) Operating income (loss) 1,919 1,917 749 Interest expense (511) (495) (462) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net 67 (253) (484) Gains (losses) on dilution of investment in affiliate 10 152 4 Income tax (expense) benefit (467) (74) (106) Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 210 276 28 Earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders 1,292 599 (747) 

(1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Cost of Sirius XM Holdings services 46 45 44 Other operating expenses 39 36 43 Selling, general and administrative expense 124 134 147 209 215 234 
 2 

Braves Group Summary Balance Sheet Data: 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 amounts in millions Cash and cash equivalents 151 142 Property and equipment, net 730 777 Investments in affiliates, accounted for using the equity method 95 110 Intangible assets not subject to amortization 300 323 Intangible assets subject to amortization, net 24 21 Total assets 1,477 1,636 Deferred revenue 105 83 Long-term debt, including current portion 542 697 Deferred tax liabilities 54 65 Attributed net assets 294 296 Summary Statement of Operations Data: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue 588 568 178 Selling, general and administrative expense (1) (105) (99) (67) Operating income (loss) (28) 20 (128) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net 32 30 6 Unrealized gains (losses) on intergroup interest (35) (31) 42 Income tax (expense) benefit (8) (8) 38 Earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders (35) (11) (78) 

 (1) Includes stock-based compensation of 12 million, 12 million, and 6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 3 

Formula One Group Summary Balance Sheet Data: 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 amounts in millions Cash and cash equivalents 1,733 2,074 Investments in affiliates, accounted for using the equity method 34 30 Intangible assets not subject to amortization 3,956 3,957 Intangible assets subject to amortization, net 3,163 3,507 Total assets 11,016 11,664 Long-term debt, including current portion 2,947 3,631 Redeemable noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiary 575 Attributed net assets 6,910 6,340 Summary Statement of Operations Data: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Revenue 2,573 2,136 1,145 Cost of Formula 1 revenue (1,750) (1,489) (974) Selling, general and administrative expense (1) (288) (210) (174) Operating income (loss) 173 40 (444) Interest expense (149) (123) (146) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net 23 (108) Unrealized gains (losses) on intergroup interest 54 (90) (167) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net 115 (21) 129 Income tax (expense) benefit 311 37 112 Earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders 558 (190) (596) 

 (1) Includes stock-based compensation of 16 million, 29 million, and 21 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 4 

Trade and other receivables, net Other current assets Total current assets Intergroup interests (note 1) ) Investments in affiliates, accounted for using the equity method (note 1) Property and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization Goodwill FCC licenses Other Intangible assets subject to amortization, net Other assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Intergroup payable (receivable) (note 4) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current portion of debt (note 1) Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt (note 1) Deferred income tax liabilities (note 3) ) Redeemable intergroup interests (note 1) ) Other liabilities Total liabilities ) Equity / Attributed net assets Noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries Total liabilities and equity ) 
 5 

Trade and other receivables, net Other current assets Total current assets Intergroup interests (note 1) ) Investments in affiliates, accounted for using the equity method (note 1) Property and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization Goodwill FCC licenses Other Intangible assets subject to amortization, net Other assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Intergroup payable (receivable) (note 4) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current portion of debt (note 1) Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt (note 1) Deferred income tax liabilities (note 3) ) Redeemable intergroup interests (note 1) ) Other liabilities Total liabilities ) Redeemable noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiary Equity / Attributed net assets Noncontrolling interests in equity of subsidiaries Total liabilities and equity ) 
 6 

Formula 1 revenue Other revenue Total revenue Operating costs and expenses, including stock-based compensation (note 2): Cost of Sirius XM Holdings services (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below): Revenue share and royalties Programming and content Customer service and billing Other Cost of Formula 1 revenue (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below) Subscriber acquisition costs Other operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net Unrealized gain/(loss) on intergroup interests ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net Gains (losses) on dilution of investment in affiliate Other, net Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit (note 3) ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) Less net earnings (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests Less net earnings (loss) attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders ) 
 7 

Formula 1 revenue Other revenue Total revenue Operating costs and expenses, including stock-based compensation (note 2): Cost of Sirius XM Holdings services (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below): Revenue share and royalties Programming and content Customer service and billing Other Cost of Formula 1 revenue (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below) Subscriber acquisition costs Other operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net ) ) Unrealized gain/(loss) on intergroup interests ) ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net ) ) ) Gains (losses) on dilution of investment in affiliate Other, net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit (note 3) ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Less net earnings (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests Less net earnings (loss) attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders ) ) 
 8 

Formula 1 revenue Other revenue Total revenue Operating costs and expenses, including stock-based compensation (note 2): Cost of Sirius XM Holdings services (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below): Revenue share and royalties Programming and content Customer service and billing Other Cost of Formula 1 revenue (exclusive of depreciation shown separately below) Subscriber acquisition costs Other operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, net of recoveries Depreciation and amortization Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Intergroup interest income (expense) ) Share of earnings (losses) of affiliates, net ) ) ) Unrealized gain/(loss) on inter-group interests ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on financial instruments, net ) ) ) Gains (losses) on dilution of investment in affiliate Other, net ) ) ) ) Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit (note 3) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) ) ) Less net earnings (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to Liberty stockholders ) ) ) ) 
 9 

) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: . Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Non-cash impairment and restructuring costs Share of (earnings) loss of affiliates, net ) ) ) Unrealized (gains) losses on intergroup interests, net ) Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on financial instruments, net ) ) ) ) Noncash interest expense Losses (gains) on dilution of investment in affiliate ) ) Loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Intergroup tax allocation ) Intergroup tax (payments) receipts ) Other charges (credits), net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Current and other assets ) ) ) Payables and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Subsidiary initial public offering proceeds returned from (invested in) trust account Cash proceeds from dispositions of investments Cash (paid) received for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Investments in equity method affiliates and debt and equity securities ) ) ) ) Return of investment in equity method affiliates Repayment of loans and other cash receipts from equity method affiliates and debt and equity securities Capital expended for property and equipment, including internal-use software and website development ) ) ) ) Other investing activities, net Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) ) Repayment of initial public offering proceeds to subsidiary shareholders ) ) Intergroup (repayments) borrowings ) ) Liberty stock repurchases ) ) ) Subsidiary shares repurchased by subsidiary ) ) Cash dividends paid by subsidiary ) ) Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for stock-based compensation ) ) Other financing activities, net ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 10 

) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Non-cash impairment and restructuring costs Share of (earnings) loss of affiliates, net ) ) Unrealized (gains) losses on intergroup interests, net ) Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on financial instruments, net ) Noncash interest expense Losses (gains) on dilution of investment in affiliate ) ) Loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Intergroup tax allocation ) ) Intergroup tax (payments) receipts ) ) Other charges (credits), net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Current and other assets ) ) ) ) Payables and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Subsidiary initial public offering proceeds returned from (invested in) trust account ) ) Cash proceeds from dispositions of investments Cash (paid) received for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Investments in equity method affiliates and debt and equity securities ) ) ) Return of investment in equity method affiliates Repayment of loans and other cash receipts from equity method affiliates and debt and equity securities Capital expended for property and equipment, including internal-use software and website development ) ) ) ) Proceeds from insurance recoveries Other investing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) ) Liberty stock repurchases ) ) ) Subsidiary shares repurchased by subsidiary ) ) Proceeds from initial public offering of subsidiary Cash dividends paid by subsidiary ) ) Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for stock-based compensation ) ) ) Settlement of intergroup call spread ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 11 

) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Non-cash impairment and restructuring costs Share of (earnings) loss of affiliates, net ) Unrealized (gains) losses on intergroup interests, net ) ) Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on financial instruments, net ) Noncash interest expense Losses (gains) on dilution of investment in affiliate ) ) Loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Intergroup tax allocation ) Intergroup tax (payments) receipts ) Other charges (credits), net Changes in operating assets and liabilities Current and other assets ) ) ) Payables and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash proceeds from dispositions of investments Cash (paid) received for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Investments in equity method affiliates and debt and equity securities ) ) ) Return of investment in equity method affiliates Repayment of loans and other cash receipts from equity method affiliates and debt and equity securities Capital expended for property and equipment, including internal-use software and website development ) ) ) ) Other investing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) ) Intergroup loan (repayment) borrowing ) Liberty stock repurchases ) ) ) Subsidiary shares repurchased by subsidiary ) ) Reattribution between Liberty SiriusXM Group and Liberty Formula One Group ) Proceeds from Liberty SiriusXM common stock rights offering Cash dividends paid by subsidiary ) ) Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 12 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (unaudited) 
 (1) On April 15, 2016, Liberty completed a reclassification of its common stock into three new tracking stock groups, one designated as the Liberty Braves common stock, one designated as the Liberty Media common stock and one designated as the Liberty SiriusXM common stock (the Recapitalization ). In January 2017, the Liberty Media Group was renamed the Liberty Formula One Group (the Formula One Group ). A tracking stock is a type of common stock that the issuing company intends to reflect or "track" the economic performance of a particular business or "group," rather than the economic performance of the company as a whole. While the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Braves Group and Formula One Group have separate collections of businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to them, no group is a separate legal entity and therefore cannot own assets, issue securities or enter into legally binding agreements. Therefore, the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Braves Group and Formula One Group do not represent separate legal entities, but rather represent those businesses, assets and liabilities that have been attributed to each respective group. Holders of tracking stock have no direct claim to the group's stock or assets and therefore, do not own, by virtue of their ownership of a Liberty tracking stock, any equity or voting interest in a company, such as Sirius XM Holdings Inc. Sirius XM Holdings ), Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. Live Nation ), Formula 1 or Braves Holdings, LLC Braves Holdings ), in which Liberty holds an interest and that is attributed to a Liberty tracking stock group. Holders of tracking stock are also not represented by separate boards of directors. Instead, holders of tracking stock are stockholders of the parent corporation, with a single board of directors and subject to all of the risks and liabilities of the parent corporation. As part of the Recapitalization, the Formula One Group initially held a 20 intergroup interest in the Braves Group. As a result of a rights offering in May 2016 to holders of Liberty Braves common stock to acquire shares of Series C Liberty Braves common stock, the number of notional shares underlying the intergroup interest held by the Formula One Group was adjusted to 9,084,940, representing a 15.1 intergroup interest in the Braves Group as of December 31, 2019. In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2019, the Formula One Group began purchasing shares of Liberty SiriusXM common stock. As of December 31, 2019, the number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest held by the Formula One Group was 493,278, representing a 0.2 intergroup interest in the Liberty SiriusXM Group. On April 22, 2020, the Company s board of directors approved the immediate reattribution of certain assets and liabilities between the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group (collectively, the reattribution ). The assets reattributed from the Formula One Group to the Liberty SiriusXM Group, valued at 2.8 billion, consisted of: Liberty s entire Live Nation stake, consisting of approximately 69.6 million shares of Live Nation common stock; a newly-created Formula One Group intergroup interest, consisting of approximately 5.3 million notional shares of Liberty Formula One common stock, to cover exposure under Liberty s 1.375 cash convertible senior notes due 2023 (the Convertible Notes ); the bond hedge and warrants associated with the Convertible Notes; the entire Liberty SiriusXM Group intergroup interest, consisting of approximately 1.9 million notional shares of Liberty SiriusXM common stock, thereby eliminating the Liberty SiriusXM Group intergroup interest; and a portion, consisting of approximately 2.3 million notional shares of Liberty Braves common stock, of the Formula One Group s intergroup interest in the Braves Group, to cover exposure under the Convertible Notes. 
 The reattributed liabilities, valued at 1.3 billion, consisted of: the Convertible Notes; Liberty s 2.25 exchangeable senior debentures due 2048; and Liberty s margin loan secured by shares of Live Nation. Similarly, 1.5 billion of net asset value was reattributed from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group, comprised of: 
 13 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (Continued) (unaudited) 
 a call spread between the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group with respect to 34.8 million of the Live Nation shares that were reattributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group; and a net cash payment of 1.4 billion from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group, which was funded by a combination of (x) cash on hand, (y) an additional 400 million drawn from the Company s existing margin loan secured by shares of common stock of Sirius XM Holdings, and (z) the creation of an intergroup loan obligation from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to the Formula One Group in the principal amount of 750 million, plus interest thereon, which was repaid with the proceeds from the LSXMK rights offering described below (the Intergroup Loan ). The reattribution is reflected in the Company s financial statements on a prospective basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Liberty SiriusXM Group is primarily comprised of Liberty s interests in Sirius XM Holdings and Live Nation, corporate cash, the Convertible Notes and related financial instruments, Liberty s 2.125 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048, Liberty s 2.25 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2048, Liberty s 2.75 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2049, Liberty s 0.5 Exchangeable Senior Debentures due 2050 and margin loan obligations incurred by wholly-owned special purpose subsidiaries of Liberty. Additionally, as discussed below, the Liberty SiriusXM Group holds intergroup interests in the Braves Group and the Formula One Group as of December 31, 2022. In April 2021, the Liberty SiriusXM Group paid approximately 384 million to the Formula One Group to settle its obligation under the call spread with respect to the shares of Live Nation attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. As of December 31, 2022, the Liberty SiriusXM Group has cash and cash equivalents of approximately 362 million, which includes 57 million of subsidiary cash. The Braves Group is primarily comprised of our consolidated subsidiary, Braves Holdings, which indirectly owns the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball Club ANLBC and certain assets and liabilities associated with the Stadium and Mixed-Use Development and corporate cash as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Braves Group has cash and cash equivalents of approximately 151 million, which includes 81 million of subsidiary cash. Additionally, as discussed below, the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Formula One Group retain intergroup interests in the Braves Group. The Formula One Group is primarily comprised of all of the businesses, assets and liabilities of Liberty other than those specifically attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group or the Braves Group, including, as of December 31, 2022, Liberty s interest in Formula 1, cash, an intergroup interest in the Braves Group, Liberty s 1 Cash Convertible Notes due 2023 and Liberty s 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027. In April 2021, the Formula One Group received approximately 384 million from the Liberty SiriusXM Group to settle the call spread with respect to the shares of Live Nation attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group. As of December 31, 2022, the Formula One Group has cash and cash equivalents of approximately 1,733 million, which includes 752 million of subsidiary cash. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Formula One Group is 6,792,903, representing an 11.0 intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Braves Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group is 1,811,066, representing a 2.9 intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The number of notional shares representing the intergroup interest in the Formula One Group held by the Liberty SiriusXM Group is 4,165,288, representing a 1.7 intergroup interest at December 31, 2022. The intergroup interests represent quasi-equity interests which are not represented by outstanding shares of common stock; rather, the Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM Group have attributed interests in the Braves Group, which are generally stated in terms of a number of shares of Liberty Braves common stock, and the Liberty SiriusXM Group also has an attributed interest in the Formula One Group, which is generally stated in terms of a number of shares of Liberty Formula One common stock. Each reporting period, the notional shares representing the intergroup interests are marked to fair value. The changes in fair value are recorded in the Unrealized gain (loss) on intergroup interests line item in the unaudited attributed consolidated statements of operations. The Braves Group intergroup interests attributable to the Formula One Group and the Liberty SiriusXM Group are reflected in the Investment in intergroup interests line item, and the Braves Group liabilities for the intergroup interests are reflected in the Redeemable intergroup interests line item in the unaudited attributed consolidated balance sheets. Similarly, the Formula One Group intergroup interest attributable to the Liberty SiriusXM Group is reflected in the Investment in intergroup interests line item, and the Formula One Group 
 14 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (Continued) (unaudited) 
 liability for the intergroup interest is reflected in the Redeemable intergroup interests line item in the unaudited attributed consolidated balance sheets. Both accounts are presented as noncurrent, as there are currently no plans for the settlement of the intergroup interests. Appropriate eliminating entries are recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements. As the notional shares underlying the intergroup interests are not represented by outstanding shares of common stock, such shares have not been officially designated Series A, B or C Liberty Braves common stock and Series A, B or C Liberty Formula One common stock, respectively. However, Liberty has assumed that the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Formula One Group interest in the Braves Group would be comprised of Series C Liberty Braves common stock in order to not dilute voting percentages and the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Liberty SiriusXM Group interest in the Braves Group would be comprised of Series A Liberty Braves common stock since Series A Liberty Braves common stock underlie the 1.375 convertible bonds. Therefore, the market prices of Series C Liberty Braves and Series A Liberty Braves common stock are used for the quarterly mark-to-market adjustment for the intergroup interests held by Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM Group, respectively, through the unaudited attributed consolidated statements of operations. Liberty has assumed that the notional shares (if and when issued) related to the Liberty SiriusXM Group interest in the Formula One Group would be comprised of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock since Series A Formula One common stock underlie the 1.375 convertible bonds. Therefore, the market price of Series A Liberty Formula One common stock is used for the quarterly mark-to-market adjustment through the unaudited attributed consolidated statements of operations. The intergroup interests will remain outstanding until the redemption of the outstanding interests, at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, through a transfer of securities, cash and/or other assets from the Braves Group or Formula One Group, respectively to the respective tracking stock group. On April 22, 2020, the Company s board of directors (the Board of Directors authorized management of the Company to cause subscription rights (the Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights to purchase shares of Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value 0.01 per share LSXMK ), in a rights offering (the LSXMK rights offering to be distributed to holders of Series A Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value 0.01 per share, Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and LSXMK. In the LSXMK rights offering, Liberty distributed 0.0939 of a Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right for each share of Series A, Series B or Series C Liberty SiriusXM common stock held as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 13, 2020. Fractional Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights were rounded up to the nearest whole right. Each whole Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right entitled the holder to purchase, pursuant to the basic subscription privilege, one share of LSXMK at a subscription price of 25.47, which was equal to an approximate 20 discount to the volume weighted average trading price of LSXMK for the 3-day trading period ending on and including May 8, 2020. Each Series C Liberty SiriusXM Right also entitled the holder to subscribe for additional shares of LSXMK that were unsubscribed for in the LSXMK rights offering pursuant to an oversubscription privilege. The LSXMK rights offering commenced on May 18, 2020, which was also the ex-dividend date for the distribution of the Series C Liberty SiriusXM Rights. The LSXMK rights offering expired at 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on June 5, 2020 and was fully subscribed with 29,594,089 shares of LSXMK issued to those rightsholders exercising basic and, if applicable, oversubscription privileges. The proceeds from the LSXMK rights offering, which aggregated approximately 754 million, were used to repay the outstanding balance on the Intergroup Loan and accrued interest. During November 2022, the Board of Directors authorized management of the Company to pursue a plan to redeem each outstanding share of its Liberty Braves common stock in exchange for one share of the corresponding series of common stock of a newly formed entity, Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. (the Split-Off ). Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. will be comprised of the businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to the Braves Group. The intergroup interests in the Braves Group attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and Formula One Group remaining immediately prior to the Split-Off, however, will be settled and extinguished in connection with the Split-Off. Following the Split-Off, the Company intends to reclassify its then-outstanding shares of common stock into three new tracking stocks to be designated Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Formula One common stock and Liberty Live common stock, and, in connection therewith, provide for the attribution of the businesses, assets and liabilities of the Company s remaining tracking stock groups among its newly created Liberty SiriusXM Group, Formula One Group and Liberty Live Group (the Reclassification ). 
 15 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (Continued) (unaudited) 
 The Split-Off and the Reclassification will be subject to various conditions. Both transactions will be conditioned on, among other things, certain requisite approvals of the holders of the Company s common stock and the receipt of opinions of tax counsel. In addition, the Split-Off will be conditioned on the requisite approval of Major League Baseball and the receipt of an IRS ruling. In addition, the Reclassification is dependent and conditioned on the approval and completion of the Split-Off, and will not be implemented unless the Split-Off is completed; however, the Split-Off is not dependent upon the approval of the Reclassification and may be implemented even if the Reclassification is not approved. Each of the Split-Off and the Reclassification is intended to be tax-free to stockholders of the Company. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions, the Company expects to complete the Split-Off and the Reclassification in the first half of 2023. For information relating to investments in affiliates accounted for using the equity method and debt, see notes 7 and 9, respectively, of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

(2) Cash compensation expense for our corporate employees is allocated among the Liberty SiriusXM Group, Braves Group and the Formula One Group based on the estimated percentage of time spent providing services for each group. On an annual basis estimated time spent is determined through an interview process and a review of personnel duties unless transactions significantly change the composition of companies and investments in either respective group which would require a timelier reevaluation of estimated time spent. Other general and administrative expenses are charged directly to the groups whenever possible and are otherwise allocated based on estimated usage or some other reasonably determined methodology. Stock compensation related to each tracking stock is calculated based on actual awards outstanding. While we believe that this allocation method is reasonable and fair to each group, we may elect to change the allocation methodology or percentages used to allocate general and administrative expenses in the future. (3) We have accounted for income taxes for the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group in the accompanying attributed financial information in a manner similar to a stand-alone company basis. To the extent this methodology differs from our tax sharing policy, differences have been reflected in the attributed net assets of the respective groups. Liberty SiriusXM Group Income tax benefit (expense) consists of: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Current: Federal (95) (36) (4) State and local (43) (50) (62) Foreign (138) (86) (66) Deferred: Federal (289) (73) (29) State and local (40) 85 (11) Foreign (329) 12 (40) Income tax benefit (expense) (467) (74) (106) 
 16 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Income tax benefit (expense) differs from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as a result of the following: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Computed expected tax benefit (expense) (413) (200) 129 State and local income taxes, net of federal income taxes (67) (56) (49) Foreign income taxes, net of foreign tax credit 5 Income tax reserves 12 140 (19) Taxable dividends, net of dividends received deductions (7) (11) (13) Federal tax credits 25 55 24 Change in valuation allowance affecting tax expense (35) (30) 18 Change in tax rate 6 Deductible stock-based compensation 15 24 14 Non-deductible executive compensation (15) (12) (12) Non-taxable gain / non-deductible (loss) 8 (8) Impairment of nondeductible goodwill (194) Intergroup Interest (4) 23 (17) Other, net 3 1 13 Income tax benefit (expense) (467) (74) (106) The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are presented below: 

December 31, 2022 2021 amounts in millions Deferred tax assets: Tax loss and credit carryforwards 507 729 Other accrued liabilities 217 179 Investments 163 120 Accrued stock compensation 67 69 Deferred revenue 45 52 Discount on debt 202 Other future deductible amounts 3 4 Deferred tax assets 1,002 1,355 Valuation allowance (113) (83) Net deferred tax assets 889 1,272 Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets 2,610 2,662 Fixed assets 304 406 Discount on debt 29 Deferred tax liabilities 2,943 3,068 Net deferred tax liabilities 2,054 1,796 
 17 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Braves Group Income tax benefit (expense) consists of: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Current: Federal (18) 4 28 State and local Foreign (18) 4 28 Deferred: Federal 14 (10) State and local (4) (2) 10 Foreign 10 (12) 10 Income tax benefit (expense) (8) (8) 38 Income tax benefit (expense) differs from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as a result of the following: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Computed expected tax benefit (expense) 5 1 24 State and local income taxes, net of federal income taxes (4) (2) 7 Deductible stock-based compensation 1 Intergroup interest (7) (6) 9 Other, net (2) (2) (2) Income tax benefit (expense) (8) (8) 38 
 18 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (Continued) (unaudited) 
 The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are presented below: 

December 31, 2022 2021 amounts in millions Deferred tax assets: Tax loss and credit carryforwards 13 21 Other accrued liabilities 29 44 Accrued stock compensation 2 2 Other future deductible amounts 13 15 Deferred tax assets 57 82 Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets 57 82 Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets 36 45 Fixed assets 59 65 Investments 5 18 Deferred revenue 11 11 Deferred tax liabilities 111 139 Net deferred tax liabilities 54 57 Liberty Formula One Group Income tax benefit (expense) consists of: Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Current: Federal 36 6 (11) State and local (7) (1) Foreign (24) (9) (2) 5 (4) (13) Deferred: Federal (24) (47) 41 State and local 1 Foreign 330 87 84 306 41 125 Income tax benefit (expense) 311 37 112 
 19 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Income tax benefit (expense) differs from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as a result of the following: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 amounts in millions Computed expected tax benefit (expense) (53) 33 148 State and local income taxes, net of federal income taxes (5) Foreign income taxes, net of foreign tax credit 22 34 20 Taxable dividends, net of dividends received deductions 1 Change in valuation allowance affecting tax expense 338 (105) (87) Change in tax rate 146 30 Deductible stock-based compensation 11 11 Non-deductible executive compensation (6) (5) (5) Non-taxable gain / non-deductible (loss) 3 (68) Intergroup interest 11 (17) 8 Other, net (10) 8 (3) Income tax benefit (expense) 311 37 112 The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are presented below: 

December 31, 2022 2021 amounts in millions Deferred tax assets: Tax loss and credit carryforwards 650 725 Other accrued liabilities 10 9 Accrued stock compensation 12 13 Discount on debt 5 Deferred tax assets 672 752 Valuation allowance (3) (341) Net deferred tax assets 669 411 Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible Assets 50 60 Fixed assets 8 7 Investments 19 19 Deferred tax liabilities 77 86 Net deferred tax (assets) liabilities (592) (325) (4) The intergroup balances as December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 also include the impact of the timing of certain tax benefits. Per the tracking stock tax sharing policies, consolidated income taxes arising from the Liberty SiriusXM Group in periods prior to the Recapitalization were not subject to tax sharing and were allocated to the Formula One Group. As such, the balance of the Intergroup tax payable between the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Formula One Group was zero at the effective date of the Recapitalization and is accounted for going forward beginning on such date. (5) The Liberty SiriusXM common stock, Liberty Braves common stock and Liberty Formula One common stock have voting and conversion rights under our restated charter. Following is a summary of those rights. Holders of Series A common stock of each group are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Series B common stock of each group are entitled to ten votes per share. Holders of Series C common stock of each group are 
 20 

Notes to Attributed Financial Information (Continued) (unaudited) 
 entitled to 1/100th of a vote per share in certain limited cases and will otherwise not be entitled to vote. In general, holders of Series A and Series B common stock vote as a single class. In certain limited circumstances, the board may elect to seek the approval of the holders of only Series A and Series B Liberty SiriusXM common stock, only Series A and Series B Liberty Braves common stock, or only Series A and Series B Liberty Formula One common stock. At the option of the holder, each share of Series B common stock of each group will be convertible into one share of Series A common stock of the same group. At the discretion of our board, the common stock related to one group may be converted into common stock of the same series that is related to another other group. 
 21 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-32>
 7
 lmca-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Liberty Media Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 1, 2023 /s/ GREGORY B. MAFFEI Gregory B. Maffei President and Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 1, 2023 /s/ BRIAN J. WENDLING Brian J. Wendling Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 lmca-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 lmca-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 lmca-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 lmca-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 lmca-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

