<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1876716_0001213900-23-019613.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3363575</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177596</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>708838</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>640976</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>909559</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>846737</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-019613.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313170345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-019613
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASPAC II Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001876716
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41372
		FILM NUMBER:		23728078

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CHEUNG KONG CENTER, 58 FLOOR, UNIT 5801
		STREET 2:		2 QUEENS ROAD CENTRAL
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 9258 9728

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CHEUNG KONG CENTER, 58 FLOOR, UNIT 5801
		STREET 2:		2 QUEENS ROAD CENTRAL
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPAC II Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-019613.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_aspac2acq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number: 

A
SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

N/A (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, with no par value, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share ASCBU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants ASCBW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights ASCBR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 month (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . 

As of March 10, 2023, there
were Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

part
 I 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 7 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 8 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 8 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 8 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 8 

part
 II 
 9 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 9 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 10 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
 AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 10 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 
 15 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
 SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
 THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 15 

part
 III 
 16 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 16 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 23 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 23 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 24 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
 AND SERVICES 
 26 

part
 IV 
 27 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 27 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely
historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or
our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that
refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are
forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for exa mple, statements
about our: 

ability
to complete our initial business combination; 

success
in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers
and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential
ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool
of prospective target businesses; 

the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the
lack of a market for our securities; 

use
of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial
performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections
are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

part
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

A SPAC II Acquisition Corp.
(the Company is a newly incorporated blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI business company
for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses. Although there is no restriction or limitation on what industry or geographic region our target operates
in, it is our intention to pursue prospective targets that are in the high-growth industries that apply cutting edge technologies, such
as Proptech and Fintech (the New Economy Sectors ), with a preference for companies that promote environmental, social and
governance ESG principles. We believe that continuous global technological breakthroughs across businesses and ESG principles
will create positive impact to society and will facilitate opportunities that can provide our investors with attractive financial returns
through a business combination. There is no restriction on the geographic location for our target search, and it is our intent to pursue
targets globally, with a particular focus on North America, Europe and Asia (excluding Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau) where the
management team and directors have extensive experience and relationships. 

On May 5, 2022, the Company
consummated the initial public offering IPO of 20,000,000 units (the Units ), which includes the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share Ordinary Share ),
one-half of one redeemable warrant Warrant and one right Right to receive one-tenth of one Class A Ordinary
Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 200,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement with A SPAC II (Holdings) Corp., the Company s
sponsor, of 8,966,000 private warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total
proceeds of 8,966,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the public Warrants sold in the IPO, as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement,
except as described in the Warrant Agreement. 

On May 5, 2022, a total of
 203,500,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit
of the Company s public shareholders (the Trust Account ). 

The Private Warrants were
issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

Leadership of an Experienced Management and
Director Team 

We are led by Serena Shie,
our Chief Executive Officer and Claudius Tsang, our Chief Financial Officer. Our management and director team s past performance
is not an assurance that we will be able to identify an appropriate candidate for our initial business combination or achieve success
with respect to the business combination we intend to consummate. However, we believe that the skills and professional network of our
management and director team will enable us to identify, structure and consummate a business combination. 

Ms. Serena Shie has served as our Chief Executive Officer since August
2022. Ms. Shie has approximately a decade of experience in capital markets, property development and entrepreneurship. Since March 2022,
Ms. Shie has been the Executive Director and Chief Operations Officer of A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp. Ms. Shie has also served as the
Director of Lion Pride Properties Corp. since 2018, which invests into development of high rises in Manila, Philippines. Ms. Shie has
served as the Chief Executive Officer of Jumpstart Media since March of 2020, and is overseeing the growth of the office. Jumpstart Media
is an English print publication in APAC covering tech startups. Ms. Shie served as the President, Chief Financial Officer and Director
of Model Performance Acquisition Corp. from March 2021 until it closed its business combination with MultiMetaVerse Inc. in January 2023.
From 2015 to 2017, Ms. Shie was an associate in the Hong Kong office of Latham Watkins, LLP, where she worked on capital market
transactions, with a focus on debt offerings, IPO and M A. Prior to joining Latham Watkins, Ms. Shie was the Chief Operating
Officer of Silent Models LLC from 2011 to 2012. Ms. Shie holds a Bachelor from New York University, and a J.D. degree from Harvard Law
School. 

1 

Mr. Claudius Tsang has
served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2021. He was our Chief Executive Officer from April 2021 until August 2022. Mr.
Tsang has over 20 years of experience in capital markets, with a strong track record of success in private equity, M A
transactions, and PIPE investments. Since 2022, Mr. Tsang has been the non-executive director of Unity Group Holdings International
Limited (SEHK:1539), a publicly listed investment company engages in the leasing and trading of energy saving products in Hong Kong.
Mr. Tsang was the Co-head of Private Equity (North Asia) at Templeton Asset Management Limited and a Partner of Templeton Private
Equity Partners, a leading global emerging markets private equity firm that is part of Franklin Templeton Investments. During his
15-year career at Templeton, Mr. Tsang served in various positions, including Partner, Senior Executive Director, and Vice
President. Mr. Tsang was responsible for the overall investment, management, and operations activities of Templeton Private Equity
Partners in North Asia. His role encompassed overseeing the analysis and evaluation of opportunities for strategic equity
investments in Asia. During his tenure, Mr. Tsang managed 1 billion in private equity funds, with approximately 50 portfolio
companies. He was also involved in the management of a 3 billion fund, which was the largest Central Eastern European listed
closed-end fund at the time of IPO in London. From July 2007 to June 2008, Mr. Tsang joined Lehman Brothers, where he managed
private equity projects in Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and the United States. At Lehman Brothers, Mr. Tsang managed 500 million
proprietary funds. Mr. Tsang served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Model Performance Acquisition Corp., from March
2021 and July 2021 respectively, until it closed its business combination with MultiMetaVerse Inc. in January 2023. Since November
2022, he has served as the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director of A Paradigm Acquisition Corp., and as the Chief
Investment Officer of JVSPAC Acquisition Corp. since April 2021. Mr. Tsang has served, since April 2021, as the Chief Executive
Officer, and since July 2021, as the Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of A SPAC I Acquisition Corp. He has also served as the
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp since February 2022 and March 2022, respectively. Mr.
Tsang served as a director of the CFA Society of Hong Kong from 2013 to 2021. Mr. Tsang obtained a Master of Business Administration
from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 2017, a bachelor s degree in law from Tsinghua University in 2005,
and a bachelor s degree in engineering from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1998. Mr. Tsang is also a CFA charter
holder. 

Mr. Malcolm F. MacLean IV has served as our Independent Non-executive
Chairman since May 2022. Mr. MacLean has almost 3 decades of experience in the global investment business with a focus on the acquisition
of private and public real estate debt and equity securities and direct property throughout Japan and non-Japan Asia, the United States
and Europe, having structured and consummated over US 20 billion of investments over his career. Since its inception in 2006, Mr. MacLean
has been the Founder, Managing Partner and Director of Star Asia Group, with offices in Tokyo and the U.S. Mr. MacLean is responsible
for the day-to-day investment activities at the firm as Co-chair of the Investment Committee. Since its inception in December 2006, Star
Asia Group has acquired or developed over 9 billion of real estate and real estate related assets. In 2009, Mr. MacLean co-founded Taurus
Capital Partners LLC, which makes opportunistic investments in public and private companies, partnerships and other structured vehicles
globally. Previously, Mr. MacLean was the President, Portfolio Manager and Head Trader for Mercury Global Real Estate Advisors LLC, a
global real estate investment firm with offices in Greenwich, Tokyo, Singapore and Hong Kong. In addition, Mr. MacLean has extensive experience
as Lead Manager in originating, structuring and executing equity, debt and M A transactions for public and private real estate companies
globally having advised in and completed transactions totaling in excess of 15 billion while an investment banker for eight years (1992-1999).
Mr. MacLean was a Senior Vice President of PaineWebber s and Kidder Peabody Co s (now UBS) Real Estate Investment Banking
Groups in New York. Through one of the Star Asia Group entities, Mr. MacLean is the sponsor of Star Asia Investment Corporation (TSE:
3468), a public traded JREIT with approximately JPY180 billion of assets under management in 2021. Since 2019, he has been a Member of
the Board of Directors of Polaris Holdings Co., Inc. (TSE: 3010), an owner and operator of hotels in Japan. Since February 2021, Mr. MacLean
has also been a Member of the Board of Directors of Evo Acquisition Corp (NASDQ: EVOJ). Mr. MacLean studied International Economics at
Cambridge University in England and graduated from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut with a B.A. in Economics and Law. 

Mr. Anson Chan has served as our director since May 2022. Mr. Chan
has over 20 years of experience in investment, capital markets and corporate management. Since 2007, Mr. Chan has served as the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Bonds Group of Companies, a multi-national investment company with businesses ranging from financial investments
to real estate development, investment property management and hotel operations. The Bonds Group of Companies owns and operates commercial,
retail, hotel, and residential properties in prime locations in China, Taiwan, Singapore, Canada, the USA, and the U.K. Under Mr. Chan s
leadership, the Bonds Group of Companies has expanded to approximately 2.5 billion in net assets. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Chan was a Senior
Advisor to the Hong Kong office of Elliott Associates, a leading U.S. based activist investment fund manager with assets under management
of over 10 billion. From 2000 to 2004, Mr. Chan was an Associate Director for Nomura International, a leading Japanese investment bank.
While at Nomura International, Mr. Chan was responsible for finding and structuring investments into pre-IPO investments. From 1998 to
2000, Mr. Chan was at AIG Investment Corporation AIGIC ), a subsidiary of AIG that provided investment advice and asset
management services. He was responsible for developing new investment opportunities in private equity and oversaw the Pearl River Delta
Fund s divestment process. Mr. Chan obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree with a double major in Economics and Political Science
from the University of California, Berkeley, and an M.B.A. from University of Toronto, Canada. He is currently a Ph.D. candidate at Fudan
University s School of International Relations and Public Administration in Shanghai, China. 

2 

Mr. Ka Wo Chan has served
as our director since May 2022. Mr. Chan has over a decade of experience in capital markets and entrepreneurship, where he ran a conglomerate
that covers the spectrum from finance to luxury experiences and consumer goods. Under his leadership, the conglomerate grew to encompass
Best Leader Precious Metals Limited, Best Leader Wealth Management Limited, and Shenzhen Qianhai Best Leader Precious Metals Limited,
which provide trading services in precious metals, gold bullions and commodities to retail clients, institutions and wealth management
services across Asia. Since its establishment, Mr. Chan has expanded the business across Australia and the Asia Pacific region. In 2017,
Mr. Chan established Sweetbriar Equine Ltd., a company focused on breeding and nurturing equestrian thoroughbred horses. Since 2016, Mr.
Chan has been the Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of House of Connoisseur Ltd., a premium wine importer, wholesaler and
retailer in Hong Kong. Under Mr. Chan s strategic leadership, House of Connoisseur Ltd. has become a recognized brand name in the
local wine industry with over 15 million annual sales turnover in 2020. Mr. Chan is also Co-chairman of the 2020/2021 Flag Day Organizing
Committee of the Community Chest, Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference Member of the 12th Hubei Province Committee,
the fifth council member of the China Overseas Friendship Association. Mr. Chan obtained his bachelor s degree in 2017 from the
University of Management Technology. 

Mr. Bryan Biniak has served
as our Independent Director since May 2022. Mr. Biniak has over 25 years of experience in corporate management, business development,
product innovation and entrepreneurship within a range of industries, spanning the technology, mobile, automotive, digital commerce and
entertainment sectors. Since 2021, Mr. Biniak has served as a President and Chief Operating Officer at Songtradr Inc., a B2B music technology
company. In 2016, Mr. Biniak cofounded ConnectedTravel, a connected vehicle platform and application services company, and has served
as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since its establishment. From 2015 to 2016, Mr. Biniak was an Entrepreneur in Residence at
NGP Capital, Nokia Corporation s venture capital company where he led virtual reality, augmented reality, and mixed reality strategy
and investments. Mr. Biniak accumulated extensive experience from his previous positions as General Manager and Partner at Microsoft from
2014 to 2015, and Global Vice President and General Manager at Nokia from 2010 to 2014 where he led their global app store business, developer
ecosystem, platform and tool development supporting Nokia s numerous device owners. He founded and served Chief Executive Officer
at Jacked, a provider of interactive television application services for sports broadcasting from 2006 to 2010. Mr. Biniak also serves
as a board member at numerous institutions, including Los Angeles Auto Show and AutoMobility LA since 2014, Boston University s
College of Arts Sciences since 2009, and has been a member of the board of trustees at New Roads School in California since 2019.
Mr. Biniak holds a Bachelor of Arts in International Relations, Business and Economics from Boston University. 

Mr. Paul Cummins has served
as our Independent Director since May 2022. Mr. Cummins has almost three decades of experience in investment, accountancy, strategic management,
and business management. In 2008, Mr. Cummins co-founded Pyrrho Management Ltd., a family investment fund with assets and investments
across the globe, and has served in multiple positions at the firm since then, including as Director and Investment Director. Mr. Cummins
is responsible for managing the company s global assets, seeking new investment opportunities, and overseeing the strategic development
of the company. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Cummins served as Chief Financial Officer for Sino Era Ltd. and Yifung Alternative Energy Ltd.,
an alternative energy business. From 2000 to 2005, Mr. Cummins served as Senior Trader for Nomura International Plc. London and Hong Kong
under Nomura s proprietary investment team. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Cummins served as Senior Manager at KPMG Hong Kong. Over the
years, Mr. Cummins has cumulated extensive experience from his directorship and partnerships at numerous companies, including as Director
at Crimson Tiger Ltd. since 2016 and Non-executive Chairman at Pacific Jade Corporate Services Limited and its predecessors since 2011.
Mr. Cummins is a Chartered Accountant in England and Wales. Mr. Cummins holds a bachelor s degree in Economics from the University
of Kingston. 

3 

Investment Criteria 

Consistent with our strategy,
we primarily seek to acquire one or more growth businesses with a total enterprise value of between 800,000,000 and 2,000,000,000. Although
we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the criteria described below, we
have identified the following general criteria and guidelines as we evaluate prospective target companies: 

Distinct competitive advantage and/or underexploited growth
opportunities that our team is positioned to identify; 

We seek target companies that have competitive
advantages and/or underexploited expansion opportunities that can benefit from access to additional capital as well as expertise. We believe
a large number of companies suffer from a lack of insightful strategy and capital for growth. We target businesses that possess favorable
future growth characteristics, combined with a durable business model that is resistant to macroeconomic volatility. Our management team
has significant experience in identifying such targets and in helping target management assess the strategic and financial fit. 

Strong management team that
can create significant value for the target company; 

We seek to identify companies with strong
and experienced management team. We believe we can provide a platform for the existing management team to leverage the experience of our
management team. We believe that the operating expertise of our management team will be well suited to complement a target s management
team. 

Ready to be public, and will
benefit from access to capital market; 

We look for public-ready management
teams that have a track record of value creation for their shareholders, with the ambition to take advantage of the improved liquidity
and additional capital that can come from a successful listing in the United States. We believe that there are a substantial number of
potential target businesses with appropriate valuations that can benefit from a public listing and new capital to support significant
revenue and earnings growth. 

Exhibit unrecognized value
or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market; 

We seek target companies which exhibit
characteristics that we believe have been overlooked or misevaluated by the marketplace based on our company-specific analyses and due
diligence. We intend to leverage the significant experience and disciplined investment approach of our team to identify opportunities
to unlock value that our experience in complex situations allows us to pursue. 

Sources of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We believe that the operational
and transactional experience of our management team and their respective affiliates, and the relationships they have developed as a result
of such experience, will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. These individuals and entities
have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring
and financing businesses, relationships with sellers and company executives, as well as through our collective experience in executing
transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts and relationships will
provide us important sources of investment opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to
our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises
seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

Our acquisition criteria,
due diligence processes and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular
initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors
and criteria that our management may deem relevant. Our search for a business combination, ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected
by factors beyond our control. 

4 

Other Acquisition Considerations 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly
renders valuation opinions or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. 

Our sponsor, officers, and
directors have agreed that we will have only 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if
we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 15-month period (or up to 21 months from the closing of the
IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under British Virgin Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our public warrants, public rights or private placement
warrants. The warrants and rights will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 15-month time
period (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full
amount of time). 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity, or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of
our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the
target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Members of our management
team may directly or indirectly own our Class A ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants following the IPO, and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our directors and
officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity.
Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and
only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide
that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would
materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

5 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors are, and may become a sponsor, an officer or director of other special purpose acquisition companies with a class of securities
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding that, such officers and directors
will continue to have a pre-existing fiduciary obligation to us, and we will, therefore, have priority over any special purpose acquisition
companies they subsequently join. 

Management Operating and Investment Experience 

We believe that our executive
officers possess the experience, skills and contacts necessary to source, evaluate, and execute an attractive business combination. See
the section titled Management for complete information on the experience of our officers and directors. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs and will allocate their time to other
businesses. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business.
The past successes of our executive officers and directors do not guarantee that we will successfully consummate an initial business combination. 

As more fully discussed in
 Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls
within the line of business of any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present
such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, prior to
presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Most of our officers and directors currently have certain pre-existing fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations. 

Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Information 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of
the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the date of the IPO, (b)
in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS
Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter. 

6 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours.
Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or
through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target
businesses that we could complete a business combination with utilizing the net proceeds of our IPO, our ability to compete in completing
a business combination with certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. Furthermore, the requirement
that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at
least 80 of the value of the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and any taxes payable on interest earned and less
any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, our
obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights, and our outstanding private placement
warrants and the potential future dilution they represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have two (2) officers and a deal flow manager. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote as much of his time as he deems necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he will devote in any time period will vary
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process
we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Incorporated by reference to the Risk Factors 
section to the Prospectus filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 3, 2022. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability continue as a
 going concern . 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had 1,063,837 in cash outside of the Trust Account, and a working capital of 1,126,933. Further, the Company has incurred and
expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant expenses in
connection with our initial business combination activities. Management s plans to address any need for additional capital are discussed
in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. In addition,
if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by August 5, 2023 (unless extended), the Company s board of directors
would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s
plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the Combination Period. These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become more scarce and there may be increased competition for attractive
targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and it could even result in our inability to find a target or
to consummate an initial business combination . 

In recent years, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose
acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition
companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer
attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies
seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become
more scarce for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional
capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. Together, this could increase the cost of,
delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability
to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our shareholders altogether. 

If we were considered to be a foreign
person, we might not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination
is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in
the United States CFIUS ). 

Our sponsor is controlled
by or has substantial ties with non-U.S. persons domiciled outside the U.S. Acquisitions and investments by non-U.S. persons in certain
U.S. businesses may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review
certain transactions involving investments by foreign persons in U.S. businesses that have a nexus to critical technologies, critical
infrastructure and/or sensitive personal data in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the U.S.
Were we considered to be a foreign person under such rules and regulations, any proposed business combination between us
and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions,
CFIUS review and/or mandatory filings. 

7 

If our potential initial business
combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may not be able to consummate an initial
business combination with such business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we
may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business
combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide
to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial
business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first
obtaining CFIUS clearance. The potential limitations and risks may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from
pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders.
As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely
affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover, the process of government
review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination,
our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time-period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public
shareholders may only receive their pro rata share of amounts held in the Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. This
will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your
investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 289 Beach Road, #03-01, Singapore 199552. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal
proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any
material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim,
or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

8 

part
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade on
The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol ASCBU on May 3, 2022. On May 31, 2022, the Company announced that
holders of its units may elect to separately trade the ordinary shares, warrants and rights included in its units, commencing on or about
May 31, 2022. The ordinary shares, warrants and rights started trading on the Nasdaq under the symbols ASCB, ASCBW 
and ASCBR, respectively. Units not separated continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol ASCBU. After separation,
the ordinary shares, warrants and rights may be recombined to create units. 

Holders of Record 

At March 10,
2023, there were 20,300,000 of our Class A ordinary shares held by two shareholders and 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and
outstanding held by one shareholder of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent
and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary shares whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers,
and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time and we will only pay such dividend out
of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under British Virgin Law. In addition, our Board of Directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

The Company is a newly incorporated
blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI business company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

On May 5, 2022, the Company
consummated the IPO of 20,000,000 Units, which includes the partial exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters.
Each Unit consists of one Ordinary Share, one-half of one redeemable Warrant and one Right to receive one-tenth of one Class A Ordinary
Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 200,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the Private Placement with A SPAC II (Holdings) Corp., the Company s sponsor, of 8,966,000 Private
Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 8,966,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the public
Warrants sold in the IPO, as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, except as described in the Warrant Agreement. 

9 

On May 5, 2022, a total of
 203,500,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a Trust Account established for the benefit
of the Company s public shareholders. 

The Private Warrants were
issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

For a description of the use
of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and
analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial
statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a business company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses Business Combination ).
We have not yet selected any specific Business Combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash
from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of the private placement warrants Private Placement ), the proceeds
of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial Business Combination, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, stock and
debt. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will
be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from June 28, 2021 (inception) through May 2, 2022 were
organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below. Following our IPO, our only activities have been
seeking a target business with which to complete a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of our initial Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable
securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing,
a Business Combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net income of 2,442,549, which consisted of general and administrative expenses of 424,790, offset by interest earned
on investment held in Trust Account of 2,867,339. 

For the period from June 28,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 2,760, which consisted of formation and operating expenses. 

10 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As previously disclosed on
a Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 2, 2022, on May 5, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of 20,000,000 Units, which includes the
partial exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. Each Unit consists of one Ordinary Share, one-half of one redeemable
Warrant entitling its holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per full share and one Right to receive one-tenth of
one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the Private Placement with A SPAC II (Holdings) Corp., the Company s sponsor, of 8,966,000 Private
Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 8,966,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the public
Warrants sold in the IPO, as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, except as described in the Warrant Agreement. 

On May 5, 2022, a total of
 203,500,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a Trust Account established for the benefit
of the Company s public shareholders. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target
business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to
effect a Business Combination, the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business 
operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also
be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our Business Combination
if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from June 28, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 438,591 and 0,
respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 206,356,227 consisting of securities held in a treasury trust fund that invests
in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 185 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the
Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account
to pay our taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business and to pay our
expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination,
the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working
capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic
acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating
expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our business combination if the funds available to us
outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 1,063,837 outside the Trust Account. Until consummation of the business combination, we intend to use the funds held outside
the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the business combination. 

If our estimate of the costs
of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount
necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. In this event,
our officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate an initial
business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us upon consummation of
the Business Combination. Up to 1,150,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option
of the lender. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust
Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans
by our initial shareholders, officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to
such loans. 

11 

Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously
with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient
funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination,
if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 1,063,837 and a working capital of 1,126,933. The Company has 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months
if extended to the full extent) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business
Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated within the time period, there will be a mandatory liquidation and
subsequent dissolution. 

The Company has incurred and
expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction
costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s plan in addressing this
uncertainty is through the Working Capital Loans. In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination within the
Combination Period (by August 5, 2023), the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby
a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be
successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

At December 31, 2022 we did
not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than the commitments
to the below: 

Registration Rights 

The holders of founder shares,
private placement warrants, shares being issued to the underwriters and units that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans
(and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement that required the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion
to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect
to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in
connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

12 

Underwriting Agreement 

The
Company granted the underwriters, the representative of the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,775,000 additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On May 5, 2022, simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option to purchase 1,500,000 Units, generating gross proceeds
to the Company of 15,000,000. 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.169 per unit, or 3,380,000 (including the partial exercise of over-allotment
option) upon the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred commission of 0.35 per unit, or 6,475,000,
which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

Representative s Ordinary Shares 

The Company issued to the
underwriters and/or its designees, 300,000 Class A ordinary shares including 22,500 ordinary shares as a result of partial exercise of
the underwriters over-allotment option at the closing of the IPO. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of condensed
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Deferred Offering Costs 

Deferred offering costs consist
of direct costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the IPO and that will be charged to shareholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. Should the IPO prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to
be incurred, will be charged to operations. 

Warrant Instruments 

The Company accounts for warrants
as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the instruments specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers
whether the instruments are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC
480, and whether the instruments meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the instruments
are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the instrument holders could potentially require net cash settlement 
in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires
the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while
the instruments are outstanding. The Company determined that upon further review of the Warrant Agreement, management concluded that the
Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants issued pursuant to the Warrant Agreement qualify for equity accounting treatment. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject To Possible
Redemption 

The Company accounts for its
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified
as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders 
equity. The Company s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s
control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption are presented at redemption value of 10.318 per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity
section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts
the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases
in the carrying amount of shares of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated
deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

13 

Net Loss Per Share 

The Company complies with
accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The condensed statements of operations include a presentation
of income (loss) per redeemable share and income (loss) per non-redeemable share following the two-class method of income per share. In
order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered
the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss)
is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based
on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion
to redemption value of the common shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or
converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic
loss per share for the period presented. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with
Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require
separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception
guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional
disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06
amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments.
ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 for the Company and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption
permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for
qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with
new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the consolidated financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective
dates. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404,(ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies
under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional
information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive
compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation
to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public
Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

14 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As of December 31, 2022, we
were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of our initial public offering, including amounts in the Trust
Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds
that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material
exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this
Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying
Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 

Not applicable. 

15 

part
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth information about
our directors and executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Serena Shie 
 
 33 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Claudius Tsang 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Malcolm F. MacLean IV 
 
 53 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Anson Chan 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Ka Wo Chan 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 Bryan Biniak 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Paul Cummins 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

Below is a summary of the business experience
of each our executive officers and directors: 

Ms. Serena Shie has served as our Chief Executive Officer since August
2022. Ms. Shie has approximately a decade of experience in capital markets, property development and entrepreneurship. Since March 2022,
Ms. Shie has been the Executive Director and Chief Operations Officer of A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp. Ms. Shie has also served as the
Director of Lion Pride Properties Corp. since 2018, which invests into development of high rises in Manila, Philippines. Ms. Shie has
served as the Chief Executive Officer of Jumpstart Media since March of 2020, and is overseeing the growth of the office. Jumpstart Media
is an English print publication in APAC covering tech startups. Ms. Shie served as the President, Chief Financial Officer and Director
of Model Performance Acquisition Corp. from March 2021 until it closed its business combination with MultiMetaVerse Inc. in January 2023.
From 2015 to 2017, Ms. Shie was an associate in the Hong Kong office of Latham Watkins, LLP, where she worked on capital market
transactions, with a focus on debt offerings, IPO and M A. Prior to joining Latham Watkins, Ms. Shie was the Chief Operating
Officer of Silent Models LLC from 2011 to 2012. Ms. Shie holds a Bachelor from New York University, and a J.D. degree from Harvard Law
School. 

Mr. Claudius Tsang has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2021. He was our Chief Executive Officer from April 2021 until
August 2022. Mr. Tsang has over 20 years of experience in capital markets, with a strong track record of success in private equity, M A
transactions, and PIPE investments. Since 2022, Mr. Tsang has been the non-executive director of Unity Group Holdings International Limited
(SEHK:1539), a publicly listed investment company engages in the leasing and trading of energy saving products in Hong Kong. Mr. Tsang
was the Co-head of Private Equity (North Asia) at Templeton Asset Management Limited and a Partner of Templeton Private Equity Partners,
a leading global emerging markets private equity firm that is part of Franklin Templeton Investments. During his 15-year career at Templeton,
Mr. Tsang served in various positions, including Partner, Senior Executive Director, and Vice President. Mr. Tsang was responsible for
the overall investment, management, and operations activities of Templeton Private Equity Partners in North Asia. His role encompassed
overseeing the analysis and evaluation of opportunities for strategic equity investments in Asia. During his tenure, Mr. Tsang managed
 1 billion in private equity funds, with approximately 50 portfolio companies. He was also involved in the management of a 3 billion
fund, which was the largest Central Eastern European listed closed-end fund at the time of IPO in London. From July 2007 to June 2008,
Mr. Tsang joined Lehman Brothers, where he managed private equity projects in Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and the United States. At Lehman
Brothers, Mr. Tsang managed 500 million proprietary funds. Mr. Tsang served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Model Performance
Acquisition Corp., from March 2021 and July 2021 respectively, until it closed its business combination with MultiMetaVerse Inc. in January
2023. Since November 2022, he has served as the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director of A Paradigm Acquisition Corp., and as
the Chief Investment Officer of JVSPAC Acquisition Corp. since April 2021. Mr Tsang has served, since April 2021, as the Chief Executive
Officer, and since July 2021, as the Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of A SPAC I Acquisition Corp. He has also served as the Executive
Director and Chief Executive Officer of A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp since February 2022 and March 2022, respectively. Mr. Tsang has served
as a director of the CFA Society of Hong Kong from 2013 to 2021. Mr. Tsang obtained a Master of Business Administration from the University
of Chicago Booth School of Business in 2017, a bachelor s degree in law from Tsinghua University in 2005, and a bachelor s
degree in engineering from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1998. Mr. Tsang is also a CFA charter holder. 

16 

Mr. Malcolm F. MacLean IV
has served as our Independent Non-executive Chairman since May 2022. Mr. MacLean has almost 3 decades of experience in the global investment
business with a focus on the acquisition of private and public real estate debt and equity securities and direct property throughout Japan
and non-Japan Asia, the United States and Europe, having structured and consummated over US 20 billion of investments over his career.
Since its inception in 2006, Mr. MacLean has been the Founder, Managing Partner and Director of Star Asia Group, with offices in Tokyo
and the U.S. Mr. MacLean is responsible for the day-to-day investment activities at the firm as Co-chair of the Investment Committee.
Since its inception in December 2006, Star Asia Group has acquired or developed over 9 billion of real estate and real estate related
assets. In 2009, Mr. MacLean co-founded Taurus Capital Partners LLC, which makes opportunistic investments in public and private companies,
partnerships and other structured vehicles globally. Previously, Mr. MacLean was the President, Portfolio Manager and Head Trader for
Mercury Global Real Estate Advisors LLC, a global real estate investment firm with offices in Greenwich, Tokyo, Singapore and Hong Kong.
In addition, Mr. MacLean has extensive experience as Lead Manager in originating, structuring and executing equity, debt and M A transactions
for public and private real estate companies globally having advised in and completed transactions totaling in excess of 15 billion while
an investment banker for eight years (1992-1999). Mr. MacLean was a Senior Vice President of PaineWebber s and Kidder Peabody 
Co s (now UBS) Real Estate Investment Banking Groups in New York. Through one of the Star Asia Group entities, Mr. MacLean is the
sponsor of Star Asia Investment Corporation (TSE: 3468), a public traded JREIT with approximately JPY180 billion of assets under management
in 2021. Since 2019, he has been a Member of the Board of Directors of Polaris Holdings Co., Inc. (TSE: 3010), an owner and operator of
hotels in Japan. Since February 2021, Mr. MacLean has also been a Member of the Board of Directors of Evo Acquisition Corp (NASDQ: EVOJ).
Mr. MacLean studied International Economics at Cambridge University in England and graduated from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut
with a B.A. in Economics and Law. 

Mr. Anson Chan has served as our director since May 2022. Mr. Chan
has over 20 years of experience in investment, capital markets and corporate management. Since 2007, Mr. Chan has served as the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Bonds Group of Companies, a multi-national investment company with businesses ranging from financial investments
to real estate development, investment property management and hotel operations. The Bonds Group of Companies owns and operates commercial,
retail, hotel, and residential properties in prime locations in China, Taiwan, Singapore, Canada, the USA, and the U.K. Under Mr. Chan s
leadership, the Bonds Group of Companies has expanded to approximately 2.5 billion in net assets. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Chan was a Senior
Advisor to the Hong Kong office of Elliott Associates, a leading U.S. based activist investment fund manager with assets under management
of over 10 billion. From 2000 to 2004, Mr. Chan was an Associate Director for Nomura International, a leading Japanese investment bank.
While at Nomura International, Mr. Chan was responsible for finding and structuring investments into pre-IPO investments. From 1998 to
2000, Mr. Chan was at AIG Investment Corporation AIGIC ), a subsidiary of AIG that provided investment advice and asset
management services. He was responsible for developing new investment opportunities in private equity and oversaw the Pearl River Delta
Fund s divestment process. Mr. Chan obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree with a double major in Economics and Political Science
from the University of California, Berkeley, and an M.B.A. from University of Toronto, Canada. He is currently a Ph.D. candidate at Fudan
University s School of International Relations and Public Administration in Shanghai, China. 

Mr. Ka Wo Chan has served
as our director since May 2022. Mr. Chan has over a decade of experience in capital markets and entrepreneurship, where he ran a conglomerate
that covers the spectrum from finance to luxury experiences and consumer goods. Under his leadership, the conglomerate grew to encompass
Best Leader Precious Metals Limited, Best Leader Wealth Management Limited, and Shenzhen Qianhai Best Leader Precious Metals Limited,
which provide trading services in precious metals, gold bullions and commodities to retail clients, institutions and wealth management
services across Asia. Since its establishment, Mr. Chan has expanded the business across Australia and the Asia Pacific region. In 2017,
Mr. Chan established Sweetbriar Equine Ltd., a company focused on breeding and nurturing equestrian thoroughbred horses. Since 2016, Mr.
Chan has been the Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of House of Connoisseur Ltd., a premium wine importer, wholesaler and
retailer in Hong Kong. Under Mr. Chan s strategic leadership, House of Connoisseur Ltd. has become a recognized brand name in the
local wine industry with over 15 million annual sales turnover in 2020. Mr. Chan is also Co-chairman of the 2020/2021 Flag Day Organizing
Committee of the Community Chest, Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference Member of the 12th Hubei Province Committee,
the fifth council member of the China Overseas Friendship Association. Mr. Chan obtained his bachelor s degree in 2017 from the
University of Management Technology. 

17 

Mr. Bryan Biniak has served
as our Independent Director since May 2022. Mr. Biniak has over 25 years of experience in corporate management, business development,
product innovation and entrepreneurship within a range of industries, spanning the technology, mobile, automotive, digital commerce and
entertainment sectors. Since 2021, Mr. Biniak has served as a President and Chief Operating Officer at Songtradr Inc., a B2B music technology
company. In 2016, Mr. Biniak cofounded ConnectedTravel, a connected vehicle platform and application services company, and has served
as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since its establishment. From 2015 to 2016, Mr. Biniak was an Entrepreneur in Residence at
NGP Capital, Nokia Corporation s venture capital company where he led virtual reality, augmented reality, and mixed reality strategy
and investments. Mr. Biniak accumulated extensive experience from his previous positions as General Manager and Partner at Microsoft from
2014 to 2015, and Global Vice President and General Manager at Nokia from 2010 to 2014 where he led their global app store business, developer
ecosystem, platform and tool development supporting Nokia s numerous device owners. He founded and served Chief Executive Officer
at Jacked, a provider of interactive television application services for sports broadcasting from 2006 to 2010. Mr. Biniak also serves
as a board member at numerous institutions, including Los Angeles Auto Show and AutoMobility LA since 2014, Boston University s
College of Arts Sciences since 2009, and has been a member of the board of trustees at New Roads School in California since 2019.
Mr. Biniak holds a Bachelor of Arts in International Relations, Business and Economics from Boston University. 

Mr. Paul Cummins has served
as our Independent Director since May 2022. Mr. Cummins has almost three decades of experience in investment, accountancy, strategic management,
and business management. In 2008, Mr. Cummins co-founded Pyrrho Management Ltd., a family investment fund with assets and investments
across the globe, and has served in multiple positions at the firm since then, including as Director and Investment Director. Mr. Cummins
is responsible for managing the company s global assets, seeking new investment opportunities, and overseeing the strategic development
of the company. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Cummins served as Chief Financial Officer for Sino Era Ltd. and Yifung Alternative Energy Ltd.,
an alternative energy business. From 2000 to 2005, Mr. Cummins served as Senior Trader for Nomura International Plc. London and Hong Kong
under Nomura s proprietary investment team. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Cummins served as Senior Manager at KPMG Hong Kong. Over the
years, Mr. Cummins has cumulated extensive experience from his directorship and partnerships at numerous companies, including as Director
at Crimson Tiger Ltd. since 2016 and Non-executive Chairman at Pacific Jade Corporate Services Limited and its predecessors since 2011.
Mr. Cummins is a Chartered Accountant in England and Wales. Mr. Cummins holds a bachelor s degree in Economics from the University
of Kingston. 

Officer and Director Qualifications 

Our officers and board of
directors are composed of a diverse group of leaders with a wide array of professional roles. In these roles, they have gained experience
in core management skills, such as strategic and financial planning, financial reporting, compliance, risk management, and leadership
development. Many of our officers and directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees of other companies,
and have an understanding of corporate governance practices and trends, which provides an understanding of different business processes,
challenges, and strategies. Further, our officers and directors also have other experience that makes them valuable, managing and investing
assets or facilitating the consummation of business combinations. We, along with our officers and directors, believe that the above-mentioned
attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences of our officers and board members described below, provide us with
a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate our goals of consummating an acquisition transaction. 

Board Committees 

The Board has a standing audit,
nominating and compensation committee. The independent directors oversee director nominations. Each audit committee and compensation committee
has a charter, which was filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 on March 28, 2022. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee, which
is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s independent accountants, reviewing
their independence and performance; reviews the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and the integrity of its
financial statements; the audits of the Company s financial statements and the appointment, compensation, qualifications, independence
and performance of the Company s independent auditors; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and
the performance of the Company s internal audit function and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee held
no formal meetings during 2022 as the Company does not have any underlying business or employees, relying on monthly reports and written
approvals as required. 

18 

The members of the Audit Committee
are Mr. Malcolm F. MacLean IV, Mr. Bryan Biniak and Mr. Paul Cummins, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing
standards. Mr. Paul Cummins is the Chairperson of the audit committee. The Board has determined that Mr. Paul Cummins qualifies as an
 audit committee financial expert, as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating
committee of the Board of Directors consisting of Malcolm F. MacLean IV, Bryan Biniak and Paul Cummins, each of whom is an independent
director under the NASDAQ listing standards. Mr. Paul Cummins serves as chairman of the nominating committee. The nominating committee
is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our Board of Directors. The nominating committee considers
persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee
reviews annually the Company s corporate goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation, evaluates the officers 
performance in light of such goals and objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation level based on this evaluation;
makes recommendations to the Board regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination of existing or proposed employee benefit
plans, makes recommendations to the Board with respect to non-CEO and non-CFO compensation and administers the Company s incentive-compensation
plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as
it may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The chief executive officer of the Company may not be present during voting or deliberations
of the Compensation Committee with respect to his compensation. The Company s executive officers do not play a role in suggesting
their own salaries. Neither the Company nor the Compensation Committee has engaged any compensation consultant who has a role in determining
or recommending the amount or form of executive or director compensation. The Compensation Committee did not meet during 2022. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing
shareholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination,
the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into
in connection with such initial business combination. 

The members of the Compensation
Committee are Mr. Malcolm F. MacLean IV, Mr. Bryan Biniak and Mr. Paul Cummins, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s
listing standards. Mr. Paul Cummins is the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under British Virgin Islands law, directors and
officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in
what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for
the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly
fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly
as between different classes of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves
in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent
judgment. 

19 

In addition to the above,
directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably
diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same
functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director
has. 

As set out above, directors
have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Each of our sponsor, directors
and officers presently has, and in the future any of our sponsor, directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to
such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such
entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
will provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors
or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors are, and may become a sponsor, an officer or director of other special purpose acquisition companies. Notwithstanding that,
such officers and directors will continue to have a pre-existing fiduciary obligation to us and we will, therefore, have priority over
any special purpose acquisition companies they subsequently join. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential
conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors
is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time
among various business activities. 

In the course of their other
business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for
presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s other affiliations,
see Directors and Officers. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to our founder shares and public shares in connection with the consummation
of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months after the closing of the IPO
(or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount
of time). There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares or
private placement warrants. The private placement warrants will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within
the allotted 15 month period (or up to 21 months from the completion of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination by the full amount of time). With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or
salable by our sponsor until the earlier of (1) six months after the completion of our initial business combination and (2) the date
on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business
combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as
adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released
from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants
will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares, warrants and rights following the IPO, our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

20 

Accordingly, as a result
of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors
currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 Entity 
 Entity s Business 
 Affiliation 
 
 Serene Shie 
 Jumpstart Media Limited 
 Management 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Lion Pride Properties, Corp. 
 Property Development 
 Director 

A SPAC I Acquisition Corp. 
 SPAC 
 Treasurer 

Blue Safari Group Acquisition Corp. 
 SPAC 
 Treasurer 

Olympian Ventures (Holdings) Limited 
 Consulting 
 President 

A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp. 
 SPAC 
 Executive Director and Chief Operations Officer 
 
 Claudius Tsang 
 A Paradigm Acquisition Corp. 
 SPAC 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

Female Entrepreneurs Worldwide 
 Internet Community 
 Advisor 

ACH 
 Financial Services 
 Investment Director 

Beijing ReeChain Technology Limited 
 Blockchain 
 Director 

JVSakk Asset Management Limited 
 Finance 
 Partner 

JVSPAC Acquisition Corp. 
 SPAC 
 Chief Investment Officer 

A SPAC I Acquisition Corp. 
 SPAC 
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 

A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp. 
 SPAC 
 Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 

Unity Group Holdings International Limited 
 Investment 
 Non-executive director 
 
 Anson Chan 
 Anuenue Securities Limited 
 Financial Services 
 Responsible Officer 

Anuenue Advisors Limited 
 Financial Services 
 Responsible Officer 

Anuenue Capital International Limited 
 Financial Services 
 Responsible Officer 

Evenstar Advisor Limited 
 Financial Services 
 Responsible Officer 

Bonds Group of Companies 
 Real Estate 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Ka Wo Chan 
 Best Leader Precious Metals Ltd 
 Financial Services 
 Chairman 

House of Connoisseur Ltd 
 Wine Trading 
 Chairman 

Sweetbriar Equine Ltd. 
 Horse Breeding 
 Founder and Chairman 
 
 Malcolm F. MacLean IV 
 Star Asia Group LLC 
 Real Estate 
 Founder Managing Partner 

Taurus Capital Partners LLC 
 Investment 
 Managing Member 

Polaris Holdings Ltd (3010 JP) 
 Hotel Ownership and Management 
 Director 

EVO Acquisition Corp (EVOJ) 
 SPAC 
 Independent Director 

Get Help Inc. 
 Private Software Company 
 Independent Director 
 
 Bryan Biniak 
 Connected Travel, LLC 
 Connected Vehicle Technology 
 Chairman CEO 

Songtradr Group 
 Music Technology Advisory 
 President COO 
 
 Paul Cummins 
 Crimson Tiger Limited 
 Advisory 
 Director 

Summit Developments Limited 
 Holding Company 
 Director 

Sino Advisory Limited 
 Advisory 
 Director 

Pacific Jade Corporate Services Limited 
 Company Secretarial 
 Chairman 

Connaught Road Limited 
 Company Secretarial 
 Director 

Pyrrho Management Limited 
 Asset Management 
 Director 

Broad Capital Investment Limited 
 Holding Company 
 Director 

Pacific Jade Tax Consultancy Limited 
 Holding Company 
 Director 

Seaker Estates and Hospitality Limited 
 Holding Company 
 Director 

Cooperlea Investments Ltd 
 Holding Company 
 Director 

Connaught Road Nominees Ltd 
 Company Secretarial 
 Director 

Pyrrho Investments Limited 
 Investment Fund 
 Director 

Galant Victor Holdings Ltd 
 Holding Company 
 Director 

Kitchener Hotels Limited 
 Hotel Operator 
 Director 

Summit Developments (Kent) Limited 
 Property Developers 
 Director 

The Pod Pte Limited 
 Hostel Operator 
 Director 

Chicheley Hotel limited 
 Hotel Operator 
 Director 

Seasalter Trading Ltd 
 Food and Beverage 
 Director 

Countrywide Hospitality Ltd 
 Hospitality 
 Director 

Safestay PLC 
 Hostel Operators 
 Alternate Director 

21 

Accordingly, if any of the
above officer or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, because the specific industry
focuses of a majority of these entities differ from our focus on the New Economy Sectors outside Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau and
the type or size of the transaction that such companies would most likely consider are of a size and nature substantially different than
what we are targeting. 

In connection with the vote
required for any business combination, all of our existing shareholders, including all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote
their respective insider shares and private shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive
their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to those ordinary shares acquired by them prior to
the IPO. If they purchased ordinary shares in the IPO or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation
distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer) in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
relating to pre-business combination activity. 

All ongoing and future transactions
between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority
of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in
either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction
unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers,
directors or initial shareholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business
combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested
and independent directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial shareholders, officers, directors,
special advisors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to,
or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable
to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The code of ethics codifies the business
and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater
than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting
persons. 

Based solely on our review
of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable
to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

22 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any
employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will
be paid to any of our existing shareholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the
reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement,
or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth as of March 10, 2023, the number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the
beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, (ii) each of our officers and directors
and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. 

After Offering 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 A SPAC II (Holdings) Corp. (2) 
 5,000,000 
 19.8 
 
 Malcolm F. MacLean IV 

Serena Shie 

Claudius Tsang 

Anson Chan 
 5,000,000 (3) 
 19.8 
 
 Ka Wo Chan 
 5,000,000 (3) 
 19.8 
 
 Bryan Biniak 

Paul Cummins 

All executive officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 
 5,000,000 
 19.8 
 
 Saba Capital Management GP, L.P. (4) 
 1,120,029 
 5.5 
 
 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (5) 
 1,171,406 
 5.77 
 
 Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (6) 
 1,500,000 
 7.39 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (7) 
 957,177 
 6.22 
 
 Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. (8) 
 1,310,500 
 6.46 
 
 Glazer Capital, LLC (9) 
 1,230,259 
 6.06 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business
address of each of the following entities or individuals is 289 Beach Road #03-01 Singapore 199552. 

(2) Our sponsor is controlled by both
Anson Chan and Ka Wo Chan. 

(3) Consists of shares owned by A SPAC II (Holdings) Corp. 

23 

(4) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
for the reporting person is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(5) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
for the reporting person is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172 

(6) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting persons. The
address for the reporting person is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(7) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
for the reporting person is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. 

(8) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
for the reporting person is 1 5 5, Otemachi, Chiyoda ku, Tokyo 100 8176,
Japan. 

(9) Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address
for the reporting person is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019 . 

In order to meet our working
capital needs, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. 

Our sponsor and our executive
officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters, as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

On June 28, 2021, the Sponsor
purchased 5,750,000 founder shares of the Company s Class B Ordinary Shares, with no par value Class B Ordinary Shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. On March 24, 2022, the Company cancelled 431,250 of such founder shares for no consideration, resulting
in 5,318,750 founder shares remaining outstanding (of which an aggregate of up to 693,750 shares are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter). The Sponsor has agreed to forfeit up to 693,750 Founder Shares to the
extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent 20.0 of
the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment
option on May 5, 2022, 318,750 shares of Class B ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration on May 6, 2022. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated
the Private Placement with A SPAC II (Holdings) Corp., the Company s sponsor, of 8,966,000 Private Warrants at a price of 1.00
per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 8,966,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the public Warrants sold in the IPO,
as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, except as described in the Warrant Agreement. The private placement warrants will not be transferable,
assignable or salable except for transfers (i) among the initial shareholders or to the initial shareholder s members or the company s
officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to a holder s shareholders or members upon the holder s liquidation,
in each case if the holder is an entity, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder s immediate family or to a trust, the
beneficiary of which is the holder or a member of the holder s immediate family, in each case for estate planning purposes, (iv)
by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to the company
for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (vii) in the event of the company s
liquidation prior to its consummation of an initial business combination or (viii) in the event that, subsequent to the consummation of
an initial business combination, the company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
which results in all of the company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property, in each case (except for clauses (vi), (vii) or (viii) or with the company s prior written consent) on the condition that
prior to such registration for transfer, the warrant agent shall be presented with written documentation pursuant to which each permitted
transferee or the trustee or legal guardian for such permitted transferee agrees to be bound by the transfer restrictions contained in
the warrant agreement and any other applicable agreement the transferor is bound by.There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares or private placement warrants, which will expire worthless if
we do not consummate a business combination within the allotted 15-month period (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time). 

In order to meet our working
capital needs, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory
note. 

24 

The holders of our insider
shares issued and outstanding on the date of the IPO, as well as the holders of the private placement warrants and any securities of our
initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled
to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO. The holders of a majority of
these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that we register such securities. The holders of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

No compensation or fees of
any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of our initial shareholders,
officers or directors who owned our ordinary shares prior to the IPO, or to any of their respective affiliates, prior to or with respect
to the business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

There will be no finder s
fees, reimbursements or cash payments made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to
us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which
will be made from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, not held in the trust account,
prior to the completion of our initial business combination: (i) repayment of an aggregate of up to 400,000 in loans made to us by our
sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; (ii) reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying,
investigating and completing an initial business combination; and (iii) repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,150,000 of such
loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. These payments may be funded using
the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account or, upon
completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection
therewith. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or
our or their affiliates. 

All ongoing and future transactions
between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any compensation, will require prior
approval by a majority of our uninterested independent directors (to the extent we have any) or the members of our board
who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel.
We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent directors (or, if there are no independent 
directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would
be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in
which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries
is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner
of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or
indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity).
A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her
work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper
personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

25 

Our audit committee, pursuant
to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions.
All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business
combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no
event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any
finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation
of a business combination. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

During the period from June
28, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, the firm of Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP, has acted as our principal independent
registered public accounting firm. Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP changed its name to Marcum Asia CPAs LLP Marcum Asia on September 7, 2022. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to both firms for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees
consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum Bernstein 
Pinchuk LLP for the period from June 28, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 38,500 for professional services rendered
for the registration statement and other required filings with the SEC. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the aggregate fees billed
by Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP or Marcum Asia totaled approximately 82,098 for professional services rendered for the audit of
our annual financial statements and review of the financial information included in our regulatory filings. 

Audit - Related
Fees . During the period from June 28, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and f or
the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP or Marcum Asia for consultations concerning financial
accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax Fees . During the
period from June 28, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay Marcum Bernstein
 Pinchuk LLP or Marcum Asia for tax planning and tax advice. 

All Other Fees . During
the period from June 28, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay Marcum Bernstein
 Pinchuk LLP or Marcum Asia for other services. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

26 

part
IV 

Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed
as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum Asia CPAs LLP 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholder s Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

27 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

4.5 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

4.6 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements by and between the Registrant and each of the initial shareholders, officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated May 2, 2022 by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

10.4 
 
 Private Place Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between the Registrant and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

28 

10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated May 2, 2022 by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

10.6 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated May 2, 2022 among the Registrant, directors, officers and shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Subscription Agreement by and between the Registrant and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

99.3 
 
 Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished solely
to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof,
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Item 16. Form
10-K Summary 

Not Applicable. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated: March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Serena Shie 

Name: 
 Serena Shie 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Serena Shie 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Serena Shie 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 13, 2023 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Claudius Tsang 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 
 March 13, 2023 

/s/ Malcolm F. MacLean IV 
 
 Director 

Malcolm F. MacLean IV 

March 13, 2023 

/s/ Anson Chan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 
 
 Anson Chan 

/s/ Ka Wo Chan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2023 

Ka Wo Chan 

/s/ Bryan Biniak 
 
 Director 

Bryan Biniak 

March 13, 2023 

/s/ Paul Cummins 
 
 Director 

Paul Cummins 

March 13, 2023 

30 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum Asia CPAs LLP 
 
 F- 2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
A SPAC II Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of A SPAC II Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations,
change in shareholders deficit and cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from June 28, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 28, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the company s liquidation
date is less than one year from the date of the financial statements is issued. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum Asia CPAs llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 13, 2023 

Firm ID#: 

NEW
YORK OFFICE 7 Penn Plaza Suite 830 New York, New York 10001 

Phone
646.442.4845 Fax 646.349.5200 www.marcumasia.com 

F- 2 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Deferred offering costs 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Shares Subject to Redemption and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, no par value; shares at redemption value of per share 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preference shares, no par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 (excluding 20,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) and none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; shares and share issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities, Shares Subject to Redemption, and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the 
 period June 28, 
 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares attributable to A SPAC II Acquisition Corp.

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B ordinary shares attributable to A SPAC II Acquisition Corp.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total Shareholders 

Class A 
 Class B 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021 

Sale of public units in initial public offering 

Sale of private placement warrants 

Issuance of Representative shares 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Over-allotment liability 

Underwriter commissions 

Offering costs 

Initial measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net income for the year 

Balance December 31, 2022 

For the period from June 28, 2021(inception) through December
31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 
 
 Balance June 28, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Cash flows from operating activities: 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from June 28, 
 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned in trust account 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in trust account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 

Proceeds from sale of private placement warrants 

Payment of underwriters commissions 

Payment of offering costs 

Payment of promissory note - related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Deferred underwriting commission 

Initial measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. 

units (the Units ), which
includes the partial exercise of the over-allotment option of Units granted to the underwriters. The Units were sold at an offering
price of per unit, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated
the private placement Private Placement with A SPAC II (Holdings) Corp., the Company s sponsor, of warrants
(the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (payable only upon completion of a Business Combination),
 of other offering costs and fair value of the representative shares considered as part of the transaction
costs. 

was
held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. 

shares of Class
A ordinary shares (the Representative Shares to Maxim Group LLC, Maxim ), the representative of the underwriters,
as part of representative compensation, the fair value of which is . The Representative Shares are identical to the public shares
except that Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such representative shares until the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination. The Representative Shares are deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a
period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In
addition, the representatives have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
(as defined below) with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within 15 months of the
closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination). 

per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement was placed
in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust as a trustee and will be invested
only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of
185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting
the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until
the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

F- 7 

, the Public Shares are
redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction
with any such amendment. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining shareholders and the Company s Board of Directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under British Virgin Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 8 

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held
in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered
or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed
a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

and a working capital of . 

F- 9 

were held
in cash in the Trust Account. The Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of investments
in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities. The estimated fair value of investments held in the Trust Account is
determined using available market information. 

and none in cash as
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents for both periods. 

per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and
adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or
decreases in the carrying amount of shares of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated
deficit if additional paid in capital equals to . 

F- 10 

Accretion of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share

F- 11 

. 

F- 12 

Units at a price of per Unit. 

Public Shares sold as part
of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote
or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s
guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control
of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. If it is probable that the equity
instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the
date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the
instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately.
The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings,
additional paid-in capital). 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants and Public Rights 

Proceeds allocate to over-allotment liability 

Class A ordinary shares issuance cost 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of . The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the IPO, except with respect
to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds
from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B Ordinary Shares, with no par value Class B Ordinary Shares for an aggregate price of . On March 24, 2022, the Company cancelled of such founder shares for no consideration, resulting
in founder shares remaining outstanding (of which an aggregate of up to shares are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter). 

Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture
will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares
will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. As a result of the underwriter s partial
exercise of the over-allotment option on May 5, 2022, shares of Class B ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration on
May 6, 2022. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s
shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 13 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This
loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2022 or the completion of the IPO. The amount was subsequently repaid
on May 10, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Note. 

of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there were no Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On May 5, 2022, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option to purchase Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

per unit, or (including the partial exercise of over-allotment option) upon the closing of the IPO. In
addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred commission of per unit, or (or if the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full), which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the
Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 14 

Class A ordinary shares including shares as a result of partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option
at the closing of the IPO. 

, (ii) volatility of , (iii)
estimated term of years, resulting in the fair value of the representative shares of approximately or per
share. 

shares of preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be
determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of preference shares
issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A Ordinary Shares with no par value. As of December 31, 2022, there were
 shares of Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding (including subject to possible redemption). 

shares of Class B Ordinary Shares with no par value. Holders of Class B Ordinary Shares are
entitled to one vote for each share. On March 24, 2022, the Company canceled of such founder shares for no consideration, resulting
in founder shares remaining outstanding (of which an aggregate of up to shares are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter). As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment
option on May 5, 2022, shares of Class B ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration on May 6, 2022. As of December 31,
2022, there were shares of Class B Ordinary Shares outstanding. 

of the sum
of the total number of all Ordinary Shares outstanding upon the completion of the IPO (excluding the Private Placement Warrants purchased
by the Sponsor) plus all Class A Ordinary Shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business
Combination. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B Ordinary Shares into an equal number of shares of Class
A Ordinary Shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

F- 15 

per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. No
fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. As of December 31, 2022, there were
 Warrants outstanding. The Company will account for the Warrants as equity instruments. The Public Warrants will become exercisable
on the later of the completion of a Business Combination and twelve months from the effective date of this registration statement. No
warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a
registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified
period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Pubic Warrants
on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available.
If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis.
The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

per share of ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders
or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the
trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below
 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) the
Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the share redemption trigger price described below under Description of
Securities Redeemable Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price. 

F- 16 

F- 17 

3 

, (ii) volatility of , (iii) estimated term of years, resulting in the fair value of the representative shares
being approximately or per share. 

F-18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_aspac2acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Serena Shie, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of A SPAC II Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ Serena Shie 

Serena Shie 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_aspac2acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Claudius Tsang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of A SPAC II Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_aspac2acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of A SPAC
II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ Serena Shie 

Serena Shie 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_aspac2acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of A SPAC
II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 13, 2023 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ascb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ascb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ascb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ascb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ascb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

