<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1514281_0001514281-23-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19941654</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>657077</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2229745</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8145176</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4342679</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4153562</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001514281-23-000020.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227164109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001514281-23-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514281
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35151
		FILM NUMBER:		23675747

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-692-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alexander Mortgage REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110302

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001514281-23-000020.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 mitt-20221231.htm
 10-K

mitt-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbols: Name of each exchange on which registered: (NYSE) 
 (NYSE) 
 (NYSE) 
 (NYSE) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 and Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large Accelerated filer Non-Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was . 
 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AG MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 45 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 48 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 73 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 78 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 126 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 126 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 126 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 126 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 127 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 127 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 127 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 128 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 128 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 129 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 131 
 Signatures 
 131 

3 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 We make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), in this report that are subject to substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, returns, results of operations, plans, yields, objectives, the composition of our portfolio, actions by governmental entities, including the Federal Reserve, and the potential effects of actual and proposed legislation on us, and our views on certain macroeconomic trends, and the impact of the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19"). When we use the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "continue," "intend," "should," "may" or similar expressions, we intend to identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are based upon information presently available to our management and are inherently subjective, uncertain and subject to change. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. Some, but not all, of the factors that might cause such a difference include, without limitation: 
 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, labor shortages, supply chain imbalances, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, inflation, and the potential for an economic recession; 
 changes in our business and investment strategy; 
 our ability to predict and control costs; 
 changes in interest rates and the fair value of our assets, including negative changes resulting in margin calls relating to the financing of our assets; 
 changes in the yield curve; 
 changes in prepayment rates on the loans we own or that underlie our investment securities; 
 regulatory and structural changes in the residential loan market and its impact on non-agency mortgage markets; 
 increased rates of default or delinquencies and/or decreased recovery rates on our assets; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain financing arrangements on terms favorable to us or at all; 
 our ability to enter into, or refinance, securitization transactions on the terms and pace anticipated or at all; 
 the degree to which our hedging strategies may or may not protect us from interest rate and credit risk volatility; 
 changes in general economic conditions, in our industry and in the finance and real estate markets, including the impact on the value of our assets; 
 conditions in the market for Residential Investments and Agency RMBS; 
 legislative and regulatory actions by the U.S. Congress, U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and other agencies and instrumentalities; 
 our ability to make distributions to our stockholders in the future; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for federal tax purposes; 
 our ability to qualify for an exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"); and 
 the other factors described in this Annual Report, including those set forth under the captions "Risk Factors," "Business," and "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 
 We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, and urge you to carefully consider the risks noted above in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and any subsequent filings. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All forward-looking statements that we make, or that are attributable to us, are expressly qualified by this cautionary notice. 
 4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Our company 
 
 AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (the "Company," "we," "us," and "our") is a residential mortgage REIT with a focus on investing in a diversified risk-adjusted portfolio of residential mortgage-related assets in the U.S. mortgage market. Our objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders over the long-term, primarily through dividends and capital appreciation. 
 
 We focus our investment activities primarily on acquiring and securitizing newly-originated residential mortgage loans within the non-agency segment of the housing market. We obtain our assets through Arc Home, LLC ("Arc Home"), our residential mortgage loan originator in which we own an approximate 44.6 interest, and through other third-party origination partners. We finance our acquired loans through various financing lines on a short-term basis and utilize Angelo, Gordon Co., L.P.'s ("Angelo Gordon") proprietary securitization platform to secure long-term, non-recourse, non-mark-to-market financing as market conditions permit. Through our ownership in Arc Home, we also have exposure to mortgage banking activities. Arc Home is a multi-channel licensed mortgage originator and servicer primarily engaged in the business of originating and selling residential mortgage loans while retaining the mortgage servicing rights associated with certain loans that it originates. 
 
 Our investment portfolio (which excludes our ownership in Arc Home) includes Residential Investments and Agency RMBS. Currently, our Residential Investments primarily consist of newly originated Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans, which we refer to as our target assets. In addition, we may also invest in other types of residential mortgage loans and other mortgage related assets. As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio consisted of the following: 
 
 Asset Class Description Target Assets Non-Agency Loans (1)(2) 
 Non-Agency Loans are loans that do not conform to the underwriting guidelines of a government-sponsored enterprise ("GSE"). Non-Agency Loans consist of Qualified mortgage loans ("QM Loans") and Non-Qualified mortgage loans ("Non-QM Loans"). QM Loans are residential mortgage loans that comply with the Ability-To-Repay rules and related guidelines of the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau ("CFPB"). 
 Agency-Eligible Loans (1) 
 Agency-Eligible Loans are loans that are underwritten in accordance with GSE guidelines and are primarily secured by investment properties, but are not guaranteed by a GSE. 
 Non-Agency Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ("RMBS") (3) 
 Non-Agency RMBS represent fixed- and floating-rate RMBS issued by entities other than U.S. GSEs or agencies of the U.S. government. The mortgage loan collateral consists of either Non-Agency Loans or Agency-Eligible Loans. 
 Other Residential Mortgage Related Assets Re/Non-Performing Loans (1)(2) 
 Performing, re-performing, and non-performing loans are residential mortgage loans collateralized by a first lien mortgaged property. 
 Land Related Financing (2) 
 First mortgage loans originated to third-party land developers and home builders for purposes of the acquisition and horizontal development of land. 
 Agency RMBS (3) 
 Agency RMBS represent interests in pools of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by a GSE such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or an agency of the U.S. Government such as Ginnie Mae. 
 
 (1) Loans held directly are included in the "Securitized residential mortgage loans, at fair value," the "Residential mortgage loans, at fair value," and the "Residential mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value" line items on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Investments held through our unconsolidated affiliates are included in the "Investments in debt and equity of affiliates" line item on our consolidated balance sheets. This includes certain retained tranches from unconsolidated Non-QM securitizations held indirectly through our investment in Mortgage Acquisition Trust I LLC ("MATT"), certain retained tranches from unconsolidated Re/Non-Performing Loan securitizations which we hold alongside other private funds under the management of Angelo Gordon, and Land Related Financing. 
 (3) Non-Agency RMBS, as well as Agency RMBS, are included in the "Real estate securities, at fair value" line item on our consolidated balance sheets 
 
 5 

Our primary sources of income are net interest income from our investment portfolio, changes in the fair value of our investments, and income from our investment in Arc Home. Net interest income consists of the interest income we earn on investments less the interest expense we incur on borrowed funds and any costs related to hedging. Income from our investment in Arc Home is generated through its mortgage banking activities which represents the origination and subsequent sale of residential mortgage loans and servicing income sourced from its portfolio of mortgage servicing rights. 
 
 We were incorporated in Maryland on March 1, 2011 and commenced operations in July 2011. We conduct our operations to qualify and be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders as long as we maintain our intended qualification as a REIT, with the exception of business conducted in our domestic taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS") which are subject to corporate income tax. We also operate our business in a manner that permits us to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Our Manager and Angelo Gordon 
 
 We are externally managed by AG REIT Management, LLC (our "Manager"), a subsidiary of Angelo Gordon. Pursuant to the terms of our management agreement, our Manager provides us with our management team, including our officers, along with appropriate support personnel. All of our officers are employees of Angelo Gordon or its affiliates. We do not have any employees. Our Manager is at all times subject to the supervision and oversight of our Board of Directors and has only such functions and authority as our Board of Directors delegates to it. Our Manager has delegated to Angelo Gordon the overall responsibility with respect to our Manager s day-to-day duties and obligations arising under our management agreement. Angelo Gordon is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
 
 Through our relationship with our Manager, we benefit from the expertise and relationships that Angelo Gordon has established which provides us with resources to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders. Our management has significant experience in the mortgage industry and expertise in structured credit investments. We are able to leverage our Manager, along with our ownership interest in Arc Home, a vertically integrated origination platform, to access investment opportunities in the non-agency residential mortgage loan market. This strategic advantage has enabled us to grow our investment portfolio and remain active in the securitization markets, utilizing Angelo Gordon's proprietary securitization platform to deliver non-agency investments to a diverse mix of investors. 
 
 Our strategies 
 
 Our investment strategy 
 
 We rely on the experience of our Manager s personnel to direct our investments. Our Manager s investment philosophy is based on a rigorous and disciplined approach to credit analysis and is focused on fundamental in-depth research. Our Manager makes investment decisions based on a variety of factors, including expected risk-adjusted returns, yields, relative value, credit fundamentals, vintage of collateral, prepayment speeds, supply and demand trends, general economic and market sector trends, the shape of the yield curve, liquidity, availability of adequate financing, borrowing costs, macroeconomic conditions, and maintaining our REIT qualification and our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 In accordance with investment guidelines adopted by our Board of Directors, our Manager evaluates specific investment opportunities as well as our overall portfolio composition. Our Manager makes day-to-day determinations as to the timing and allocations of our investment portfolio. These decisions depend upon prevailing market conditions and may change over time in response to opportunities available in different interest rate, economic and credit environments. As a result, we cannot predict the percentage of our assets that will be invested in any one of our approved asset classes at any given time. We may change our strategy and policies without a vote of our stockholders. 
 
 Our financing and hedging strategy 
 
 We use leverage to increase potential returns to our stockholders and to fund the acquisition of our investment portfolio. Our financing strategy is designed to increase the size of our investment portfolio by borrowing against the fair value of the assets in our portfolio. When acquiring residential mortgage loans and other assets, we finance our investments using repurchase agreements or similar financing arrangements, which we refer to collectively as "financing arrangements." Upon accumulating a targeted amount of residential mortgage loans, we finance these assets utilizing long-term, non-recourse, non-mark-to-market securitizations as market conditions permit. 
 6 

Repurchase agreements involve the sale and a simultaneous agreement to repurchase the transferred assets or similar assets at a future date. The amount borrowed generally is equal to the fair value of the assets pledged less an agreed-upon discount, referred to as a "haircut." The size of the haircut reflects the perceived risk associated with the pledged asset. Haircuts may change as our financing arrangements mature or roll and are sensitive to governmental regulations. Interest rates for our financing arrangements are determined based on prevailing rates (typically a spread over a base rate) corresponding to the terms of the borrowings, and interest is paid on a monthly basis or, for shorter term arrangements, at the end of the term. Repurchase agreements typically have a term of up to one year for loans and a term of 30 to 90 days for securities. Repurchase agreements are generally mark-to-market with respect to margin calls and recourse to us. 
 
 Our financing arrangements generally include customary representations, warranties, and covenants, but may also contain more restrictive supplemental terms and conditions. Although specific to each financing arrangement, typical supplemental terms include requirements of minimum equity and liquidity, leverage ratios, and performance triggers. In addition, some of the financing arrangements contain cross default features, whereby default under an agreement with one lender simultaneously causes default under agreements with other lenders. To the extent that we fail to comply with the covenants contained in these financing arrangements or are otherwise found to be in default under the terms of such agreements, the counterparty has the right to accelerate amounts due under the associated agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all of our financial covenants. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our Investment Company Act exemption, we utilize derivative instruments in an effort to hedge certain interest rate risk associated with the financing of our investment portfolio. Specifically, we seek to hedge our exposure to potential interest rate mismatches between the interest we earn on our investments and our borrowing costs caused by fluctuations in short-term interest rates. We may utilize interest rate swaps, swaption agreements, and other financial instruments such as short positions in to-be-announced securities. In utilizing leverage and interest rate derivatives, our objectives are to improve risk-adjusted returns and, where possible, to lock in, on a long-term basis, a spread between the yield on our assets and the costs of our financing and hedging. 
 
 Risk management strategy 
 
 The primary components of our risk management strategy are: 
 
 Disciplined adherence to risk-adjusted return . Our Manager deploys capital when it believes that risk-adjusted returns are attractive. In this analysis, our Manager considers the initial net interest spread of the investment, the cost of hedging and our ability to optimize returns over time through rebalancing activities. Our Manager s investment team has extensive experience implementing this approach. 
 Concurrent evaluation of interest rate and credit risk. Our Manager seeks to balance our portfolio with both credit risk-intensive assets and interest rate risk-intensive assets. Both of these primary risk types are evaluated against a common risk-adjusted return framework. 
 Active hedging and rebalancing of portfolio. Our Manager periodically evaluates our portfolio against pre-established risk tolerances and will take corrective action through asset sales, asset acquisitions, and dynamic hedging activities to bring the portfolio back within these risk tolerances. We believe this approach generates more attractive long-term returns than an approach that either attempts to hedge away a majority of the interest rate or credit risk in the portfolio at the time of acquisition, on the one end of the risk spectrum, or a highly speculative approach that does not attempt to hedge any of the interest rate or credit risk in the portfolio, on the other end of the risk spectrum. 
 Strategic approach to increased risk. Our Manager s investment strategy is to preserve our ability to extend our risk-taking capacity during periods of changing market fundamentals. 
 
 Investment policies 
 
 We comply with investment policies and procedures and investment guidelines that are approved by our Board of Directors and implemented by our Manager. Our Manager reports on our investment portfolio at each regularly scheduled meeting of our Board of Directors. Our independent directors do not review or approve individual investment, leverage or hedging decisions made by our Manager made in accordance with our investment policies. 
 
 Our investment policies include the following guidelines, among others: 
 
 No investment shall be made that would cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes; 
 No investment shall be made that would cause us to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act; and 
 7 

Our investments will be in our target assets. 
 
 Our target assets include the types of assets described in this Annual Report, under the heading "Our company" above, and our subsequent periodic filings with the SEC. Our investment policies may be changed by our Board of Directors without the approval of our stockholders. 
 
 Allocation policy 
 
 Consistent with its duties as a registered investment adviser, Angelo Gordon has an investment allocation policy that governs the allocations of investment opportunities among itself and its clients, and this investment allocation policy also applies to our Manager and us. Pursuant to this policy, Angelo Gordon and our Manager allocate investment opportunities among its clients in a manner which is fair and equitable over time and does not favor one client or group of clients. 
 
 Investment opportunities in our target assets may be allocated among us and Angelo Gordon funds and accounts that are eligible to purchase such target assets. Angelo Gordon considers the following factors, among others, when assigning investment opportunities among us and its other clients: 
 
 Capital available for new investments; 
 Existing ownership and target position size; 
 Investment objective or strategies; 
 Risk or investment concentration parameters; 
 Supply or demand for an investment at a given price level; 
 Cash availability and liquidity requirements; 
 Regulatory restrictions; 
 Minimum investment size; 
 Relative size or "buying power;" 
 Regulatory and tax considerations, including the impact on our status under the Investment Company Act and REIT status; and 
 Such other factors as may be relevant to a particular transaction. 
 
 In addition, our Manager may be precluded from transacting in particular investments in certain situations, including but not limited to situations where Angelo Gordon or its affiliates may have a prior contractual commitment with other accounts or clients or as to which Angelo Gordon or any of its affiliates possesses material, non-public information. Consistent with Angelo Gordon s fiduciary duty to all of its clients, it may give priority in the allocation of investment opportunities to certain clients to the extent necessary to meet regulatory requirements, client guidelines and/or contractual obligations. Angelo Gordon or our Manager may determine that an investment opportunity is appropriate for a particular account, but not for another. In addition, Angelo Gordon or its employees may invest in opportunities declined by our Manager for us. The investment allocation policy may be amended by Angelo Gordon at any time without our consent. As the investment programs of the various entities and accounts managed by Angelo Gordon change and develop over time, additional issues and considerations may affect Angelo Gordon s allocation policy and its expectations with respect to the allocation of investment opportunities. To the extent permitted by law, Angelo Gordon is permitted to bunch or aggregate orders or to elect not to bunch or aggregate orders for a particular client account with orders for other accounts, notwithstanding that the effect of such bunching, aggregation or lack thereof may operate to the disadvantage of some clients. 
 
 Operating and regulatory structure 
 
 REIT qualification 
 
 We have elected to be treated as a REIT under Sections 856 through 859 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Our qualification as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet on a continuing basis, through actual investment and operating results, various complex requirements under the Code relating to, among other things, the sources of our gross income, the composition and values of our assets, our distribution levels and the diversity of ownership of our shares. We believe that we are organized in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code, and that our manner of operation enables us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. 
 
 We generally need to distribute at least 90 of our ordinary taxable income each year (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders in order to qualify as a REIT under the Code. Our ability to make distributions to our stockholders depends, in part, upon the performance of our investment portfolio. 
 
 8 

As a REIT, we generally are not subject to U.S. federal income tax on our REIT taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and may be precluded from qualifying as a REIT for the subsequent four taxable years following the year during which we lost our REIT qualification. Accordingly, our failure to qualify as a REIT could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and our ability to pay distributions, if any, to our stockholders. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income or property. In addition, any income earned by a domestic taxable REIT subsidiary, or TRS, will be subject to corporate income taxation. 
 
 Investment Company Act exemption 
 
 We conduct our operations so that we are not considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire "investment securities" having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, (the "40 test"). "Investment securities" do not include, among other things, U.S. government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that (i) are not investment companies and (ii) are not relying on the exceptions from the definition of investment company provided by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Conducting our operations so as not to be considered an investment company under the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under the Investment Company Act and SEC staff interpretive guidance limits our ability to make certain investments. For example, these restrictions limit our and our subsidiaries ability to invest directly in Agency RMBS mortgage-related securities that represent less than the entire ownership in a pool of mortgage loans or debt and equity tranches of Non-Agency RMBS (in each case to the extent such interest are not retained interest in securitizations consisting of mortgage loans that were owned by us and such securitizations were not sponsored by us in order to obtain financing to acquire additional mortgage loans), certain real estate companies and assets not related to real estate. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our net income depends, in large part, on our ability to acquire assets at favorable spreads over our borrowing and hedging costs. In acquiring our investments, we compete with other mortgage REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies, hedge funds, and other entities. In addition, numerous REITs and specialty finance companies have similar asset acquisition objectives to ours. These other REITs and specialty finance companies increase competition for the available supply of our target assets suitable for purchase. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are, have greater access to capital and other resources and may have other advantages over us. Our competitors may include other entities managed by affiliates of our Manager. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than we can. Market conditions may attract more competitors, which may increase the competition for sources of financing. An increase in the competition for sources of financing could adversely affect the availability and cost of financing. 
 
 We have access to our Manager s professionals and their industry expertise, which we believe provides us with a competitive advantage. These professionals help us assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for certain potential investments. These relationships enable us to compete more effectively for attractive investment opportunities. Despite certain competitive advantages, we may not be able to achieve our business goals or expectations due to the competitive risks that we face. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 We have no employees. All of our officers, and our dedicated or partially dedicated personnel, are employees of Angelo Gordon or its affiliates. We are highly dependent upon Angelo Gordon s employees and, in turn, Angelo Gordon s ability to create a respectful and inclusive firm culture to attract and retain the necessary talent to provide services to our company and its assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Angelo Gordon had over 650 employees. 
 
 9 

Recruiting and Employee Retention 
 
 In order to attract, retain, and support talented employees, Angelo Gordon strives to offer competitive compensation and benefits, partner with diverse recruitment organizations, participate in industry-oriented, Diversity and Inclusion focused initiatives (as described further below), and provide employees with ample opportunity to give back to the communities they work in and around. Angelo Gordon also offers its full-time employees access to robust health and wellness programs, including: 
 
 Health insurance, paid time off and leave programs 
 Bright Horizons back-up care program 
 401(k) plan 
 Physical activity subsidy and access to wellness platforms 
 Employee assistance program 
 
 Diversity Inclusion 
 
 Angelo Gordon promotes a diverse and inclusive culture where all voices are welcomed and heard, embracing the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self-expression, unique capabilities and talent of its employees. Angelo Gordon does not tolerate any conduct that denigrates or shows hostility toward an individual because of a characteristic protected by law, is personally offensive, impairs morale or adversely impacts the work environment. Angelo Gordon supports diverse recruitment, opportunity and retention through its active partnerships with diverse recruitment organizations and diversity and inclusion-focused initiatives, including: 
 
 Girls Who Invest 
 Seizing Every Opportunity (SEO) 
 Toigo 
 
 In addition, Angelo Gordon s diversity focuses include practices and policies on recruitment and selection, professional development and training, promotions, and the ongoing development of a work environment built on the premise of gender and diversity equity, formally outlined in Angelo Gordon s anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policies. Angelo Gordon also fosters a more inclusive culture through a variety of other diversity and inclusion initiatives, including: 
 
 corporate training 
 special events 
 community outreach 
 corporate philanthropy 
 
 Further, our Board of Directors is committed to seeking highly qualified individuals from minority groups (including gender and ethnically/racially diverse groups) to include in the pool from which board nominees are selected. As of the date of this report, one-third of the members of our Board of Directors are female. 
 
 Community Involvement and Philanthropy 
 
 Angelo Gordon has a long history of supporting its employees dedication of time, resources and passion in having a positive impact on the communities in which they live and work. Angelo Gordon s philanthropy and community engagement is driven by the diverse interests and perspectives of its employees. Recently, Angelo Gordon launched a philanthropic platform, AG Gives, creating a new path for employees to contribute to their communities through volunteerism, charitable giving, and education. 
 
 Operational Impact/Corporate Governance 
 
 We are committed to good corporate governance practices that strengthen alignment of interests with our stockholders. 
 For example: 
 
 2/3 of our Board members are independent and our Board has an independent, Non-Executive Chair. 
 33 of our Board members are female. 
 We are committed to Board refreshment (4 year average director tenure). 
 Shares received as director compensation are subject to a lock-up for the duration of such director's tenure. 
 Established common stock ownership minimums, with a policy prohibiting pledging or hedging. 
 10 

We do not have a classified board and we hold annual elections of directors. 
 Adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 Our Board and each committee conduct self-assessments annually. 
 Our Board committees are comprised solely of independent directors. 
 Regular meetings of independent directors without management and with independent auditors. 
 
 In addition, Angelo Gordon's commitment to strong corporate governance includes embracing opportunities to reduce its environmental impact. 
 
 Available information 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10167. Our telephone number is (212) 692-2000. Our website can be found at www.agmit.com. We make available free of charge, through the SEC filings section of our website, access to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as are filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as our proxy statements with respect to our annual meetings of stockholders, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Our Exchange Act reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are also available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and can also be found on our website at www.agmit.com. The content of any website referred to in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and stockholders may lose some or all of their investment. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect us. 

Summary Risk Factors 
 
 Risks Related to our Company, Business, and Operations 
 Our ability to grow our business is dependent upon our Manager's ability to source, acquire and finance a large volume of desirable non-agency loans and other target assets on attractive terms. 
 Disruptive, exogenous geopolitical or other macroeconomic events or large-scale conflicts, including warfare among countries could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 The mortgage loans we acquire or that underlie our RMBS expose us to significant credit risk that could negatively affect the value of those investments. 
 We engage in securitization transactions relating to residential mortgage loans which exposes us to potentially material risks. 
 Our Manager s due diligence of potential investments may be insufficient, which could lead to investment losses. 
 Our Manager s investment models may be incorrect either due to inaccurate models or incorrect third-party data, which could lead to investment losses. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market. 
 We may experience periods of significant illiquidity for our assets, which could adversely impact our business. 
 Valuations of our investments may at times be unavailable or unreliable. 
 The outbreak of highly infectious or contagious diseases could adversely impact or cause disruption to our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increases in interest rates could adversely affect the value of our investments and cause our interest expense to increase, which could negatively affect our profitability and our ability to make distributions. 
 Failure of the U.S. federal government to manage its fiscal matters or to raise or further suspend the debt ceiling, and changes in the amount of federal debt, may negatively impact the economic environment and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by risks affecting borrowers or the asset or property types in which our investments may be concentrated at any given time, as well as from climate change or other unfavorable changes in the related geographic regions. 
 Climate change, climate change-related initiatives and regulation and the increased focus on environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, may adversely affect our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 Cybersecurity risks may cause a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business. 
 11 

The failure of servicers to effectively service the mortgage loans in our portfolio and the MSRs in Arc Home's portfolio may materially and adversely affect us, and market disruptions may make it more difficult for the loan servicers to perform a variety of services for us, which may adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Arc Home is highly dependent upon programs administered by the GSEs, and changes in the GSEs servicing or origination guidelines or overall operations could have a material adverse effect on Arc Home s business. 
 Arc Home is subject to extensive licensing requirements and regulation, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 An economic slowdown or a deterioration of the housing market could increase both interest expense on servicing advances and operating expenses and could cause a reduction in income from, and the value of, Arc Home s servicing portfolio. 
 Risks Related to our Investments 
 Our investments in non-agency residential mortgage loans, including Non-QM Loans in particular, subject us to legal, regulatory and other risks. 
 We invest in GSE Non-Owner Occupied Loans, which expose us to an increased risk of loss. 
 Changes in prepayment rates may adversely affect the return on our investments. 
 Prepayment rates are difficult to predict, and market conditions may disrupt the historical correlation between interest rate changes and prepayment trends. 
 Any credit ratings assigned to our investments will be subject to ongoing evaluations and revisions and we cannot assure you that those ratings will not be downgraded. 
 Our investment in lower rated Non-Agency RMBS resulting from the securitization of our assets or otherwise, exposes us to the first loss on the mortgage assets held by the securitization vehicle. Additionally, the principal and interest payments on Non-Agency RMBS are not guaranteed by any entity, including any government entity or GSE, and therefore are subject to increased risks, including credit risk. 
 Risks Related to U.S. Government Programs 
 The federal conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related efforts, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between these agencies and the U.S. government, may adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Financing Activities 
 Our business strategy involves the use of leverage, and we may become overleveraged or not achieve what we believe is optimal leverage, which may materially adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The securitization process expose us to risks, which could result in losses to us. 
 Our financing arrangements contain restrictive operating covenants. 
 If a counterparty to our repurchase transaction defaults on its obligation to resell or return the underlying security back to us at the end of the transaction term, we may lose money on such financing arrangement. 
 Our rights under our repurchase agreements may be subject to the effects of the bankruptcy laws in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of us or our lenders under the financing arrangements, which may allow our lenders to repudiate our financing arrangements. 
 Pursuant to the terms of borrowings under our financing arrangements, we are subject to margin calls that could result in defaults or force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions or through foreclosure. 
 The Federal Reserve's actions and statements regarding monetary policy and the management of its balance sheet can affect the fixed income and mortgage finance markets in ways that could adversely affect our future business and financial results and the value of, and returns on, real estate-related investments and other assets we own or may acquire. 
 The replacement of LIBOR with SOFR-based rates or other alternative reference rates may adversely affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR. 
 Risks Related to our Management and our Relationships with our Manager and its Affiliates 
 We are dependent upon our Manager, its affiliates and their key personnel and may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement with our Manager is terminated or such key personnel are no longer available to us, which would materially and adversely affect us. 
 The management agreement was not negotiated on an arm s length basis and the terms, including the fees payable to our Manager, may not be as favorable to us as if the agreement was negotiated with unaffiliated third-parties. 
 Our governance and operational structure could result in conflicts of interest. 
 We may enter into transactions to purchase or sell investments with entities or accounts managed by our Manager or its affiliates. 
 Our Manager's fee structure may not create proper incentives or may induce our Manager and its affiliates to make riskier or more speculative investments, which increase the risk of our portfolio. 
 Our Manager will not be liable to us for any acts or omissions performed in accordance with the Management Agreement, including with respect to the performance of our investments. 
 Termination of our management agreement would be costly and, in certain cases, not permitted. 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 Our failure to qualify as a REIT would result in higher taxes and reduced cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 12 

The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to be treated as owned by us for U.S. federal income tax purposes could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 Our ownership of and relationship with our TRSs will be limited, and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 Uncertainty exists with respect to the treatment of TBAs for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests. 
 New legislation or administrative or judicial action, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 Complying with the REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions, including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans, that would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 There may be tax consequences to any modifications to our borrowings, our hedging transactions and other contracts to replace references to LIBOR. 
 Risks Related to our Organization and Strategy 
 Loss of our exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act would impose significant limits on our operations, which would negatively affect the value of shares of our common stock and our ability to distribute cash to our stockholders. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit a change in our control. 
 Other Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Investing in our common stock may involve a high degree of risk. Investors in our common stock may experience losses, volatility, and poor liquidity, and we may reduce our dividends in a variety of circumstances. 

Risks Related to our Company, Business, and Operations 
 
 Our ability to grow our business is dependent upon our Manager's ability to source, acquire and finance a large volume of desirable non-agency loans and other target assets on attractive terms. 
 
 Our investment strategy is focused on acquiring and securitizing newly-originated residential non-agency mortgage loans. Our ability to successfully execute this strategy, grow our business, and achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders are dependent upon our Manager's ability to source, acquire and finance on our behalf a large volume of desirable non-agency loans and other target assets on attractive terms, and our Manager may be unable to do so for many reasons. We derive a portion of our non-agency loans through Arc Home. Arc Home is heavily dependent on its ability to fund its non-agency loans through warehouse facilities, which are generally short-term in nature. If Arc Home is unable to renew or obtain new facilities, it would adversely impact its ability to grow its non-agency loan production and its overall business. In addition, Arc Home has no obligation to sell non-agency loans and other target assets to us and our Manager may be unable to locate other originators that are able or willing to originate non-agency loans and other target assets that meet our standards on favorable terms or at all. General economic factors, such as recession, declining home values, unemployment and high interest rates, all of which we are currently experiencing, have and may continue to limit the supply of available non-agency loans and other target assets. 
 
 Moreover, competition for non-agency loans and other target assets or changes in GSE regulations may drive down supply or drive up prices, making it uneconomical to purchase such loans or other target assets. For instance, in acquiring non-agency loans and other target assets from unaffiliated parties, we compete with a broad spectrum of institutional investors, many of which have greater financial resources than us. Increased competition for, or a reduction in the available supply of, qualifying investments could result in higher prices for (and thus lower yields on) such investments, which could narrow the yield spread over borrowing costs. Competition may also reduce the number of investment opportunities available to us and may adversely affect the terms upon which investments can be made. We may incur due diligence or other costs on investments which may not be successful or may not be completed at all. As a result, we may incur additional costs to acquire a sufficient volume of non-agency loans and other target assets or be unable to acquire such loans and other target assets at reasonable prices or at all. There can be no assurance that attractive investments will be available for us or that available investments will meet our strategies. If we cannot source, acquire and finance an adequate volume of desirable non-agency loans and other target assets on attractive terms or at all, we may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Further, the success of our investment strategy is highly dependent upon our ability to finance our target assets through non-recourse, non-mark-to-market securitization transactions. During 2022, market conditions for securitizations grew increasingly challenging with market spreads widening to unprecedented levels. While there have been signs of improvement in the securitization markets in 2023, there is no guarantee that conditions will continue to improve. Prior to executing a securitization transaction, we typically acquire assets with warehouse financing subject to margin calls which typically are associated with a higher level of risk than other non-recourse, non-mark-to-market financing. In executing securitization transactions, we rely on third-party service providers, including custodians, rating agencies, servicers, and due diligence firms, to support the 
 13 

completion of such transactions in a timely and efficient manner. These third-party service providers may not have sufficient resources to dedicate the appropriate time and attention needed for securitization transactions conducted by us and our competitors. Resources, including sufficient personnel resources, of third-party service providers may be negatively impacted by a variety of factors. To the extent that third-party service providers on which we rely are not able to dedicate sufficient resources to provide the necessary services to us, we may be delayed in completing, or unable to complete, securitization transactions on the pace anticipated in our business plan and our operating results may be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 Further, certain jurisdictions require a license to purchase, hold, enforce or sell residential mortgage loans. We may contribute our loans to entities, including one or more trusts whose trustee is a national bank, which rely on exemptions from state licensing requirements. Certain states have and others could seek to challenge such analysis and ultimately require us to obtain any necessary state license. There can be no assurance that the use of trusts will satisfy an exemption from licensing requirements because regulatory agencies may adopt a different interpretation of various laws. If a license is required, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the requisite licenses in a timely manner or at all or in all necessary jurisdictions, or that the use of the trusts will reduce the requirement for licensing, any of which could limit our ability to invest in residential mortgage loans. Our failure to obtain and maintain required licenses may expose us to penalties or other claims and may affect our ability to acquire an adequate and desirable supply of mortgage loans to conduct our securitization program and, as a result, could harm our business. 
 
 Disruptive, exogenous geopolitical or other macroeconomic events or large-scale conflicts, including warfare among countries could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 From time to time, tensions between countries may erupt into warfare and may adversely affect neighboring countries and those who conduct trade or foreign relations with those affected regions. Such acts of war may cause widespread and lingering damage on a global scale, including, but not limited to, (i) safety and cyber security, (ii) the economy, and (iii) global relations. 
 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine following years of strained diplomatic relations between the two countries, which was heightened in 2021 when Russia amassed large numbers of military ground forces and support personnel on the Ukraine-Russia border. In response to the invasion and ensuing war, many countries, including the U.S., imposed significant economic and other sanctions against Russia. The war has created the largest refugee crisis in Europe since World War II and has inflicted significant damage to Ukraine s infrastructure and economy. Both countries economies may be significantly affected, which may also adversely impact the global economy, including the U.S. economy. The humanitarian crisis that has resulted from the war is likely to have pronounced and enduring impact on Ukraine, as well as a significant impact to neighboring countries that have accepted refugees. Further, Russia has launched an onslaught of cyberwarfare against Ukraine as part of its ongoing invasion, targeting the country s critical infrastructure, government agencies, media organizations, and related think tanks in the U.S. and EU. 
 
 The U.S. federal government has cautioned Americans on the possibility of Russia targeting the U.S. with cyber attacks in retaliation for sanctions that the U.S. has imposed and has urged both the public and private sectors to strengthen their cyber defenses and protect critical services and infrastructure. Additionally, President Biden directed government bodies to mandate cybersecurity and network defense measures within their respective jurisdictions and has initiated action plans to reinforce cybersecurity within the electricity, pipeline, and water sectors. The current administration also launched joint efforts with Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) through its Shields Up campaign to defend the U.S. against possible cyber attacks. CISA published advisories warning of Russian state-sponsored threat actors targeting COVID-19 research, governments, election organizations, healthcare and pharmaceutical, defense, energy, video gaming, nuclear, commercial facilities, water, aviation, and critical manufacturing sectors in the U.S. and other Western nations. While we have not experienced such cyber attacks and have not detected activity that would indicate a planned cyber attack, to date, it is yet unknown whether Russia would be successful in breaching our network defenses or, more broadly, those within the areas listed above, which, if successful, may cause disruptions to critical infrastructure required for our operations and livelihoods, or those of borrowers of our loans or underlying our investments and service providers. 
 
 Disruption, instability, volatility, and decline in economic activity, regardless of where it occurs, whether caused by acts of war, other acts of aggression, or terrorism, could in turn also cause higher interest rates, inflation or general economic uncertainty, which could negatively impact borrowers of our loans or underlying our investments , service providers, or otherwise adversely impact the value of our assets . 
 
 In addition, during 2020, we experienced a significant amount of realized and unrealized losses on our assets as a result of the volatile conditions created by the COVID-19 pandemic. Similarly disruptive exogenous events may occur in the future. The subsequent disposition or sale of such impacted assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the 
 14 

difference between the sale price received and adjusted amortized cost of such assets at the time of sale. These risks may be more pronounced for investments with significant credit risk, as discussed above. If we experience a decline in the fair value of our investments, it could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 The mortgage loans we acquire or that underlie our RMBS expose us to significant credit risk that could negatively affect the value of those investments. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our residential loan portfolio was our predominant asset class, and we expect to continue to seek investment opportunities primarily focused on residential whole loans. We are exposed to significant credit risk primarily through direct investments in residential real estate mortgage loans and the ownership of RMBS. Investors in residential mortgage assets assume the risk that the related borrowers may default on their obligations to make full and timely payments of principal and interest, as well as the risks discussed below, among other risks. 
 
 No U.S. Government Guarantee or Structural Credit Enhancement . We acquire residential mortgage loans primarily within the non-agency segment of the housing market, including agency-eligible loans, and also own re/non-performing loans (the borrower is or at one time was severely delinquent), all of which are subject to significant risk of loss. Unlike Agency RMBS, residential mortgage loans generally are not guaranteed by the U.S. government or any government-sponsored enterprise such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Agency-eligible loans are underwritten in accordance with guidelines defined by GSEs and are primarily secured by investment properties, but such loans are not guaranteed by a GSE. Additionally, by directly acquiring residential mortgage loans, we do not receive the structural credit enhancements that benefit senior tranches of RMBS. A residential mortgage loan is directly exposed to losses resulting from a default by the borrower. Therefore, the value of the underlying property, the creditworthiness and financial position of the borrower, and the priority and enforceability of the lien will significantly impact the value of such mortgage loan. In the event of a foreclosure, we may assume direct ownership of the underlying real estate. The liquidation proceeds upon sale of such real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, and any cost or delay involved in the foreclosure or liquidation process may increase losses. The value of residential mortgage loans is also subject to property damage caused by hazards, such as earthquakes or environmental hazards, not covered by standard property insurance policies and to a reduction in a borrower's mortgage debt by a bankruptcy court. In addition, claims may be assessed against us because of our position as a mortgage holder or property owner, including assignee liability, environmental hazards, tax and other liabilities. In some cases, these claims may lead to losses exceeding the purchase price of the related mortgage or property. 
 
 Enhanced Non-QM Loan Risks . A significant portion of our residential loan portfolio is comprised of Non-QM Loans. Non-QM Loans are generally loans to finance (or refinance) one- to four-family residential properties that are not considered to meet the definition of a "Qualified Mortgage" in accordance with guidelines adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, and may be considered to be lower credit quality. The ownership of Non-QM Loans will also subject us to legal, regulatory and other risks, including those arising under federal consumer protection laws and regulations designed to regulate residential mortgage loan underwriting and originators lending processes, standards, and disclosures to borrowers. Failure of residential mortgage loan originators or servicers to comply with the ability-to-repay laws and regulations could subject us, as an assignee or purchaser of these loans (or as an investor in securities backed by these loans), to monetary penalties assessed by the CFPB and by mortgagors, including by recoupment or setoff of finance charges and fees collected, and could result in rescission of the affected residential mortgage loans. See the Risk Factor captioned Risks Related to our Investments Our investments in non-agency residential mortgage loans, including Non-QM Loans in particular, subject us to legal, regulatory and other risks in this Annual Report for more details. 
 
 Greater General Credit Risks . In addition, credit losses on residential mortgage loans can occur for many reasons (many of which are beyond our control), including: fraud; poor underwriting; poor servicing practices; weak economic conditions; increases in payments required to be made by borrowers; declines in the value of homes; earthquakes, the effects of climate change (including flooding, drought, wildfire and severe weather), and other natural disaster events; uninsured property loss; borrower over-leveraging; costs of remediation of environmental conditions, such as indoor mold; changes in zoning or building codes and the related costs of compliance; acts of war or terrorism; pandemics; changes in legal protections for borrowers and other changes in law or regulation; and personal events affecting borrowers, such as reduction in income and job loss. Recent concerns about the real estate market, rising interest rates, inflation, energy costs and geopolitical issues have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets going forward. 
 
 All of the risks discussed above could negatively impact the value of our investments and have a material adverse effect on our business. These risks may be more pronounced during times of market volatility and negative economic conditions, such as those being experienced currently. 
 15 

We engage in securitization transactions relating to residential mortgage loans which exposes us to potentially material risks. 
 
 A significant part of our business and growth strategy is to engage in securitization transactions to finance newly-acquired residential mortgage loans. Engaging in securitization transactions and other similar transactions generally requires us to accumulate loans or other assets prior to securitization. If demand for investing in securitization transactions weakens, we may be unable to complete the securitization of loans accumulated for that purpose, and we may finance such assets on repurchase facilities or other similar financing arrangements for a prolonged period of time, which would reduce our target returns and continue to subject us to the risk associated with mark-to-market recourse financing for such investments. 
 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act and related laws and regulations relating to credit risk retention for securitizations (the "Risk Retention Rules"), when we sponsor a residential mortgage loan securitization, we are required to retain at least 5 of the fair value of the mortgage-backed securities issued in the securitization. We may also co-sponsor a securitization where we are the party obligated to comply with the Risk Retention Rules. We can retain either an eligible vertical interest (which consists of at least 5 of each class of securities issued in the securitization), an eligible horizontal residual interest (which is the most subordinate class of securities with a fair value of at least 5 of the aggregate credit risk) or a combination of both totaling 5 (the "Required Credit Risk"). We are required to hold the Required Credit Risk until the later of (i) the fifth anniversary of the securitization closing date and (ii) the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal balance of the mortgage loans in such securitization has been reduced to 25 of the aggregate unpaid principal balance of the mortgage loans as of the securitization closing date, but no longer than the seventh anniversary of the closing date (such date, the "Sunset Date"). In addition, before the Sunset Date, we may not engage in any hedging transactions if payments on the hedge instrument are materially related to the Required Credit Risk and the hedge position would limit our financial exposure to the Required Credit Risk. Also, we may not pledge our interest in any Required Credit Risk as collateral for any financing unless such financing is full recourse to us. If we pledge our interest in Required Credit Risk as collateral on financing that is full recourse to us and the lender takes possession of the underlying collateral, we may not be in compliance with the Risk Retention Rules and it is uncertain as to what the consequences may be. Our Required Credit Risk could subject us to the first losses on our securitizations and is illiquid, which may make it more difficult to meet our liquidity needs, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financing condition. Thus, the Risk Retention Rules materially limit our ability to sell and hedge a portion of our RMBS that we acquire through our securitizations and subjects us to the credit risk related to the retained RMBS that we otherwise may have sold. 
 
 Additional risks include: 
 
 Risks relating to repurchase agreements . Our inability to securitize these loans would require us to secure financing in the form of repurchase agreements. Repurchase agreements may be shorter term in nature as compared to the financing term achieved by way of securitization and will subject us to the risk of margin calls and the risk that we may not be able to refinance these repurchase agreements when they mature. These risks may have an adverse impact on our business and our liquidity. See the Risk Factor captioned Risks Related to Financing Activities Pursuant to the terms of borrowings under our financing arrangements, we are subject to margin calls that could result in defaults or force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions or through foreclosure. in this Annual Report for more details. 
 
 Risks relating to underwriting and due diligence . Prior to acquiring loans or other assets for securitizations, we may undertake underwriting and due diligence efforts with respect to various aspects of the loan or asset. When underwriting or conducting due diligence, we rely on resources and data available to us, which may be limited, and we rely on investigations by third-parties. We may also only conduct due diligence on a sample of a pool of loans or assets we are acquiring and assume that the sample is representative of the entire pool. Our underwriting and due diligence efforts may not reveal matters that could lead to losses. 
 
 Risks relating to marketing and disclosure documentation . When engaging in securitization transactions, we may prepare marketing and disclosure documentation. If our marketing and disclosure documentation are alleged or found to contain inaccuracies or omissions, we may be liable under federal and state securities laws (or under other laws) for damages to third-party investors or otherwise incur litigation costs. Additionally, we may retain various third-party service providers when we engage in securitization transactions, including underwriters or initial purchasers, trustees, administrative and paying agents, and custodians, among others. We may contractually agree to indemnify these service providers against various third-party claims and associated losses they may suffer in connection with the provision of services to us and/or the securitization trust. 
 
 16 

Our Manager s due diligence of potential investments may be insufficient, which could lead to investment losses. 
 
 Our Manager values our target assets based on loss-adjusted yields, taking into account estimated future defaults on the mortgage loans and other investments, and the estimated impact of those defaults on expected future cash flows. These default estimates are based in part on our Manager s assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the originators, borrowers, and the underlying property values, as well as other factors. Our Manager s default estimates may not prove accurate, which could lead to investment losses (particularly as related to investments with significant credit risk, as discussed above). This risk may be more pronounced during times of market volatility and negative economic conditions, such as those currently being experienced. 
 
 Our Manager s investment models may be incorrect either due to inaccurate models or incorrect third-party data, which could lead to investment losses. 
 
 Given the complexity of certain of our investments and strategies, our Manager must rely heavily on analytical models (both proprietary models developed by our Manager and those supplied by third-parties) as well as models and data supplied by third-parties. When this information or analysis proves to be incorrect, any decisions made in reliance thereon expose us to potential risks. For example, by relying on this potentially faulty information or analysis, our Manager may be induced to buy certain investments at prices that are too high, to sell certain other investments at prices that are too low or to miss favorable opportunities altogether. Similarly, any hedging may prove to be unsuccessful. 
 
 Some of the analytical models used by our Manager, such as mortgage prepayment models, mortgage default models, and models providing risk sensitivities (e.g., duration) rely on predictive assumptions which could prove to be incorrect. In addition, the predictive models used by our Manager may differ substantially from those models used by other market participants, with the result that valuations based on these predictive models may be substantially higher or lower for certain investments than actual market prices. Furthermore, since predictive models are usually constructed based on historical data supplied by third-parties, the success of relying on such models may depend heavily on the accuracy and reliability of the supplied historical data and the ability of these historical models accurately to reflect future periods. 
 
 All valuation models rely on correct market data inputs. If incorrect market data is entered into even a well-founded valuation model, the resulting valuations will be incorrect. Third-party data may be more prone to inaccuracies in light of volatile market conditions and unprecedented conditions created by geopolitical uncertainty or other conditions or events. However, even if the input of market data is correct, "model prices" often differ substantially from prices that could be achieved in a market transaction, especially for securities that are illiquid and have complex characteristics or embedded structural leverage, such as derivative securities. 
 
 These risks may lead to investment losses (particularly as related to investments with significant credit risk, as discussed above). 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive market. 
 
 Our profitability depends, in large part, on our ability to acquire our target assets at favorable prices. Although we expect to acquire a portion of our loans from our mortgage originator, Arc Home, in which we own a 44.6 interest, Arc Home has no obligation to sell non-agency residential mortgage loans and other target assets to us. In addition, non-agency residential mortgage loans originated by Arc Home are generally allocated among us and other affiliated funds with substantially similar investment strategies to us. To the extent that Arc Home's volume production decreases or our allocation of such loans by our Manager decreases, we may experience difficulties in obtaining the volume of loans needed to grow our business and execute our investment strategy. We also acquire non-agency residential mortgage loans and other target assets from unaffiliated third parties, including through the secondary market when market conditions and asset prices are conducive to making attractive purchases. In acquiring non-agency residential mortgage loans and other target assets from unaffiliated third parties, we compete with other mortgage REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, financial institutions, governmental bodies, hedge funds and other entities. Additionally, we may also compete with the U.S. Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury to the extent they purchase assets meeting our objectives pursuant to various purchase programs. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than us, have greater access to capital and other resources and may have other advantages over us. Our competitors may include other entities managed by affiliates of our Manager. See " Risks Related to our Management and our Relationships with our Manager and its Affiliates Our governance and operational structure could result in conflicts of interest." for further information. 
 
 17 

In addition to existing companies, other companies may be organized in the future for similar purposes, including companies focused on purchasing mortgage assets. A proliferation of such companies may increase the competition for equity capital and thereby adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of assets and establish more relationships than us. 
 
 We also may have different operating constraints from those of our competitors including, among others, (1) tax-driven constraints such as those arising from our qualifying and maintaining our qualification as a REIT, (2) restraints imposed on us as a result of maintaining our exclusion from the definition of an "investment company" or other exemptions under the Investment Company Act and (3) restraints and additional costs arising from our status as a public company. Furthermore, competition for our target assets may lead to the price of such assets increasing, which may further limit our ability to generate desired returns. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We may experience periods of significant illiquidity for our assets, which could adversely impact our business . 
 
 Future market developments or disruptions, including adverse developments in financial and capital markets, could reduce the liquidity in the markets of the assets that we own. For example, upon the onset of the volatility created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we were unable to efficiently liquidate certain assets to raise capital, and residential whole loans present more acute liquidity risks as they are generally more cumbersome to sell (unlike RMBS, which normally trade in an active market). Such decreased liquidity can cause us to sell our assets at a price lower than we would normally sell them or cause us to hold our assets longer than we would normally hold them. In addition, price volatility normally associated with periods of illiquidity could cause our lenders to require us to pledge additional assets as collateral. If we are unable to obtain sufficient short-term financing or our assets are insufficient to meet the collateral requirements, then we may be compelled to liquidate particular assets at an inopportune time and at distressed sale prices. These conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Valuations of our investments may at times be unavailable or unreliable. 
 
 The values of some of our investments may not be readily determinable. We measure the fair value of these investments in accordance with guidance set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC 820-10, "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures." Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions that are beyond our control. Further, fair value is only an estimate based on our Manager's good faith judgment of the price at which an investment can be sold between willing buyers and sellers. If we were to liquidate a particular asset, the realized value may be more than or less than the fair value that we ascribe to that asset. 
 
 Our Manager s determination of the fair value of our investments often depends on inputs provided by third-party dealers and pricing services. Valuations of certain of our investments are often difficult to obtain or are unreliable. In general, dealers and pricing services heavily disclaim their valuations. Depending on the complexity and illiquidity of a security, valuations of the same security can vary substantially from one dealer or pricing service to another. Wide disparities in asset valuations may be more pronounced during periods when market participants are engaged in distressed sales. Therefore, our results of operations for a given period could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of these investments are materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal. 
 
 The outbreak of highly infectious or contagious diseases could adversely impact or cause disruption to our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The U.S. and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic, resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions quarantines, curfews, stay-at-home or shelter in place orders and similar mandates for many individuals to substantially restrict daily activities and for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations. While government restrictions eased throughout 2022 and have continued to ease in 2023, and people have largely resumed pre-pandemic activities, the effects of COVID-19 continue to linger in the U.S. and global economies. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted global supply chains, contributed to increased inflation, increased rates of unemployment and adversely impacted many industries. Future disruptions and governmental actions, due to COVID-19 or a different epidemic or pandemic, combined with any associated economic and/or social instability or distress, may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash available for distribution. 
 
 18 

In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic impacted, and may in the future impact, our financing strategy and liquidity. We finance many of the mortgage loans and real estate related securities we acquire with borrowings under repurchase facilities and other financing arrangements and, as market conditions permit, refinance these assets through securitization transactions. During the first and second quarters of 2020 with the onset of the pandemic, we experienced significant declines in the value of our assets financed through repurchase facilities and other financing arrangements as well as adverse developments with respect to the cost and terms of such financing, and received margin calls, default notices and deficiency letters from certain of our financing counterparties well in excess of historical norms. We were able to resolve these deficiencies and related matters with lenders during 2020, but at significant expense and the size of our investment portfolio and market capitalization decreased substantially as a result of satisfying margin calls and defaults. If as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic in the future, the financing markets were to experience another period of extreme volatility and illiquidity, we may be forced to sell our mortgage loans, real estate related securities and other assets that secure our repurchase and other financing arrangements on less favorable terms to us than might otherwise be available in a regularly functioning market and such actions could result in deficiency judgments and other claims against us. These conditions would have a materially negative effect on our results of operations, and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders and on the value of our assets. 
 
 The full extent of the impact and effects resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, will depend on future developments, including, among other factors, how rapidly variants develop, availability, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines along with related travel advisories, quarantines and restrictions, the recovery time of the disrupted supply chains and industries, the impact of labor market interruptions, the impact of government interventions, and uncertainty with respect to the duration of the global economic slowdown. COVID-19 or any future pandemic, and resulting impacts on the financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in these and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, the risk factors discussed in this "Risk Factors" section are likely to also be impacted directly or indirectly by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic. 
 
 Increases in interest rates could adversely affect the value of our investments and cause our interest expense to increase, which could negatively affect our profitability and our ability to make distributions. 
 
 Our investment portfolio is primarily comprised of residential mortgage loans and RMBS. An investment in such assets will generally decline in value if interest rates increase, particularly long-term interest rates. Declines in market value may ultimately reduce earnings or result in losses to us, which may negatively affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 The relationship between short-term and longer-term interest rates is often referred to as the "yield curve." Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. In a normal yield curve environment, short-term interest rates are lower than longer-term interest rates. If short-term interest rates rise disproportionately relative to longer-term interest rates (a flattening of the yield curve), our borrowing costs will generally increase more rapidly than the interest income earned on our assets. 
 
 Because our investments will generally bear interest based on longer-term rates than our borrowings, a flattening of the yield curve would tend to decrease our net interest margin, net income, and book value. It is also possible that short-term interest rates may exceed longer-term interest rates (a yield curve inversion), in which event our borrowing costs may exceed our interest income and we could incur operating losses. Additionally, to the extent cash flows from investments that return scheduled and unscheduled principal are reinvested, the spread between the yields on the new investments and available borrowing rates may decline, which would likely decrease our net income. 
 
 A significant risk associated with our target assets is the risk that both long-term and short-term interest rates will increase significantly. If long-term rates increase significantly, the market value of these investments will decline, and the duration and weighted average life of the investments will increase due to the slowing of the prepayment rate. At the same time, an increase in short-term interest rates will increase the amount of interest owed on the financing arrangements we enter into to finance the purchase of our investments. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our exclusion from regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we have utilized and expect to continue to utilize various derivative instruments and other hedging instruments to mitigate interest rate risk, but there can be no assurances that our hedges will be successful, or that we will be able to enter into or maintain such hedges. As a result, interest rate fluctuations can cause significant losses, reductions in income, and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 19 

In addition, in periods of rising interest rates, such as what we are currently experiencing, there is generally reduced demand for mortgage loans due to the higher cost of borrowing. A reduction in the volume of mortgage loans originated has and may continue to affect the volume of target assets available to us, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire assets that satisfy our investment objectives. If rising interest rates cause us to be unable to acquire a sufficient volume of our target assets with a yield that is above our borrowing cost, it could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Failure of the U.S. federal government to manage its fiscal matters or to raise or further suspend the debt ceiling, and changes in the amount of federal debt, may negatively impact the economic environment and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 The U.S. federal government has established a limit on the level of federal debt that the U.S. federal government can have outstanding, often referred to as the debt ceiling. The U.S. Congress has authority to raise or suspend the debt ceiling and to approve the funding of U.S. federal government operations within the debt ceiling, and has done both frequently in the past, often on a relatively short-term basis. On January 19, 2023, the U.S. reached its borrowing limit and currently faces risk of defaulting on its debt. Generally, if effective legislation to manage the level of federal debt is not enacted and the debt ceiling is reached in any given year, the federal government may suspend its investments for certain government accounts, among other available options, in order to prioritize payments on its obligations. It is anticipated that the U.S. federal government will be able to fund its operations through approximately mid-2023. However, contention among policymakers, among other factors, may hinder the enactment of policies to further increase the borrowing limit or address its debt balance timely. A failure by the U.S. Congress to raise the debt limit would increase the risk of default by the U.S. on its obligations, the risk of a lowering of the U.S. federal government s credit rating, and the risk of other economic dislocations. Such a failure, or the perceived risk of such a failure, could consequently have a material adverse effect on the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S. and globally. If economic conditions severely deteriorate as a result of U.S. federal government fiscal gridlock, our operations, or those of our tenants, could be affected, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. These risks may also impact our overall liquidity, our borrowing costs, or the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by risks affecting borrowers or the asset or property types in which our investments may be concentrated at any given time, as well as from climate change or other unfavorable changes in the related geographic regions. 
 
 Our assets are not subject to any geographic, diversification or concentration limitations except that we concentrate in residential mortgage-related investments. Accordingly, our investment portfolio may be concentrated by geography, asset type (as is the case currently, as residential whole loans are by far our most concentrated asset type), property type and/or borrower, increasing the risk of loss to us if the particular concentration in our portfolio is subject to greater risks or suffers adverse developments. In addition, adverse economic conditions in the areas where the properties securing or otherwise underlying our investments are located (including business layoffs or downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors) and local real estate conditions (such as oversupply or reduced demand) may have an adverse effect on the value of our investments. Moreover, a geographic concentration of our investments in an area which has been or may become adversely impacted by climate change (including flooding, drought, wildfire, tornados, and other severe weather) may negatively impact the performance of those investments. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 33 of the total fair value of our residential mortgage loan portfolio was secured by properties located in California, which are particularly susceptible to natural disasters such as fires, earthquakes and mudslides. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, 11 of the total fair value of our residential mortgage loan portfolio, was secured by properties located in Florida, which are particularly susceptible to natural disasters such as hurricanes and floods. A material decline in the demand for and value of real estate in these areas may materially and adversely affect us. Lack of diversification can further increase the correlation of non-performance and foreclosure risks among our investments. 
 
 Climate change, climate change-related initiatives and regulation and the increased focus on environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, may adversely affect our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 
 Recently, there has been growing concern from advocacy groups and the general public over the effects of climate change on the environment. Government mandates, standards and regulations enacted in response to these projected impacts of climate change could result in restrictions on land development in certain areas or increased energy, transportation and raw material costs. These concerns have also resulted in increasing governmental and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, waste production, water usage, human capital, labor, and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to 
 20 

control, assess, and report. These and other rapidly changing laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, as well as increased enforcement actions by various governmental and regulatory agencies, may create challenges for us, including our compliance and ethics programs, may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or we fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 
 Further, significant physical effects of climate change including extreme weather events such as hurricanes or floods can also have an adverse impact on real estate assets that secure our residential mortgage loans. See "- We may be adversely affected by risks affecting borrowers or the asset or property types in which our investments may be concentrated at any given time, as well as from climate change or other unfavorable changes in the related geographic regions." 
 
 Cybersecurity risks may cause a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on the communications and information systems of our Manager, its affiliates and third-party service providers. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing proprietary and confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. System breaches in particular are evolving. Computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, phishing attacks, ransomware, and other electronic security breaches have become more frequent and more sophisticated. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, delays or other problems in our securities trading activities, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our investor relationships and reputation, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows and negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, including those provided by the Manager and third-party service providers (including, without limitation, affiliates and third parties with which we and our Manager do business, such as Arc Home and other mortgage originators, due diligence firms, pricing vendors and servicers, or that facilitate our business activities, including clearing agents or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securitization transactions). If such parties' respective systems experience failure, interruption, cyber-attacks, or security breaches, we may in turn face risks of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints. The acquisition of mortgage loans entails us, the Manager and third-party service providers coming into possession of borrower non-public personal information, and we may be liable for losses suffered by individuals whose personal information is stolen as a result of a breach of the security of the systems on which we, our Manager or third-party service providers of ours store this information, or as a result of other mismanagement of such information, and any such liability could be material. Even if we are not liable for such losses, any breach of these systems could expose us to material costs in notifying affected individuals or other parties and providing credit monitoring services, as well as to regulatory fines or penalties. Our Manager, its affiliates and third-party service providers have experienced and are and will continue to be from time to time the target of attempted cyber attacks, breaches and other security threats. We rely on our Manager to continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. There is no guarantee that these efforts, or similar efforts by affiliates of our Manager and third-party service providers, will be successful. Even with all reasonable security efforts, not every breach can be prevented or even detected. Further, in response to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the majority of our Manager's personnel worked remotely at least a few days a week and may in the future return to working remotely, which may increase the risk of cyber-security incidents and cyber-attacks. 
 
 The failure of servicers to effectively service the mortgage loans in our portfolio and the MSRs in Arc Home's portfolio may materially and adversely affect us, and market disruptions may make it more difficult for the loan servicers to perform a variety of services for us, which may adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 
 In connection with our business of acquiring and holding residential mortgage loans and investing in RMBS, we rely on third-party service providers, principally loan servicers, to perform a variety of services, comply with applicable laws and regulations, and carry out contractual covenants and terms. For example, we rely on the mortgage servicers who service the mortgage loans we purchase as well as the loans underlying our RMBS to, among other things, collect principal and interest payments on such loans and perform loss mitigation services, such as forbearance, workouts, modifications, foreclosures, short sales and sales of foreclosed property. 
 21 

Servicer quality . Servicer quality is of prime importance in the performance of residential mortgage loans, RMBS and MSRs. Both default frequency and default severity of loans may depend upon the quality of the servicer. Servicers may not be vigilant in encouraging borrowers to make their monthly payments, may take longer to liquidate non-performing assets, or less competent in the foreclosure process and disposing REO properties. The foreclosure process can be lengthy and expensive, and the delays and costs involved in completing a foreclosure, and then subsequently liquidating the REO property through sale, may materially increase any related loss. In the case of pools of securitized loans, servicers may be required to advance interest on delinquent loans to the extent the servicer deems those advances recoverable. In the event the servicer does not advance interest on delinquent loans, interest may not be able to be paid even on more senior securities. Servicers may also advance more interest than is in fact recoverable once a defaulted loan is disposed, and the loss to the trust may be greater than the outstanding principal balance of that loan. Additionally, servicers can perform loan modifications, which could potentially impact the value of our securities. The laws and regulations governing mortgage servicing are continually evolving and regulators have identified mortgage loan servicing as a current enforcement priority. The failure of servicers to comply with these laws and regulations or to effectively service the mortgage loans underlying the RMBS in our portfolio, any mortgage loans we own or any MSRs Arc Home owns could negatively impact the value of our investments and our performance. 
 
 Servicer default . The servicer has a fiduciary obligation to act in the best interest of the securitization trust, but significant latitude exists with respect to its servicing activities. The servicer also has a contractual obligation to obey all laws and regulations (including federal, state, and local laws and regulations) and to act in accordance with applicable servicing standards; however, as we do not control these servicers, we cannot be sure that they are acting in accordance with their contractual and legal obligations or applicable law. The servicer's failure to comply with these obligations could expose us to regulatory scrutiny and litigation risk. If a third-party servicer fails to perform its duties under the securitization documents or its contractual duties to us, this may result in a material increase in delinquencies or losses on the RMBS or mortgage loans we own or the MSRs Arc Home owns or in a fine or adverse finding from a regulatory authority if the ownership of loans is tied to the servicing of those loans. Any such servicing failures and resulting delinquencies or losses may impact the value of the RMBS, mortgage loans or MSRs, and we may incur losses on our investment. If a third-party servicer fails to perform its contractual duties to us, this may result in fines or adverse action from a regulatory authority if the ownership of loans is tied to the servicing of those loans. 
 
 Transfer of Servicing . Servicing transfers may occur for various reasons, including because servicers often go out of business. This transfer takes time, and loans may become delinquent because of confusion or lack of attention, which could cause us to incur losses that may materially and adversely affect us. In addition, when servicing is transferred, servicing fees may increase, which may have an adverse effect on the RMBS held by us or the MSRs held by Arc Home. 
 
 Market disruptions on servicing activities . The economic and market disruptions, including those directly or indirectly caused by COVID-19, have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact the financial condition of the borrowers of our residential mortgage loans and the loans that underlie our RMBS investments. If the current economic conditions worsen, the number of borrowers who request a payment deferral or forbearance arrangement or become delinquent or default on their financial obligations may increase significantly, and such increase may place greater stress on the servicers finances and human capital, which may make it more difficult for these servicers to successfully service these loans. In addition, many loan servicing activities are not permitted to be done through a remote work setting. To the extent that shelter-in-place orders and remote work arrangements for non-essential businesses continue in the future, loan servicers may be materially adversely impacted. As a result, we could be materially and adversely affected if a mortgage servicer is unable to adequately or successfully service our residential mortgage loans and the loans that underlie our RMBS or if any such servicer experiences financial distress. 
 
 Market disruptions on servicer liquidity . The economic and market disruptions, including those directly or indirectly caused by COVID-19, have resulted and may continue to result in liquidity pressures on servicers and other third-party vendors that we rely upon. For instance, as a result of an increase in mortgagors requesting relief in the form of forbearance plans and/or other loss mitigation, servicers and other parties responsible in capital markets securitization transactions for funding advances with respect to delinquent mortgagor payments of principal and interest may begin to experience financial difficulties if mortgagors do not make monthly payments. The negative impact on the business and operations of such servicers or other parties responsible for funding such advances could be significant. Sources of liquidity typically available to servicers and other relevant parties for the purpose of funding advances of monthly mortgage payments, especially entities that are not depository institutions, may not be sufficient to meet the increased need that could result from significantly higher delinquency and/or forbearance rates. The extent of such liquidity pressures in the future is not known at this time and is subject to continual change. 
 
 22 

Arc Home is highly dependent upon programs administered by the GSEs, and changes in the GSEs servicing or origination guidelines or overall operations could have a material adverse effect on Arc Home s business. 
 
 Arc Home sells a portion of its mortgage loans to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac remain in conservatorship, and a path forward to emerge from conservatorship is unclear. Their roles could be reduced, modified or eliminated, and the nature of their guarantees could be limited or eliminated relative to historical measurements. Any discontinuation of, or significant reduction in, the role or operation of these agencies, or any significant adverse change in the level of activity of these agencies in the primary or secondary mortgage markets could materially and adversely affect Arc Home s business, which in turn would have a negative impact on our results. 
 
 Arc Home is subject to extensive licensing requirements and regulation, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Arc Home's lending and servicing business activities is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental and regulatory authorities, including the CFPB, the Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, the SEC and various state agencies that license, audit, investigate and conduct examinations of its mortgage servicing, origination, and other activities. In the current regulatory environment, the policies, laws, rules and regulations applicable to Arc Home's mortgage origination and servicing businesses have been rapidly evolving. Federal, state or local governmental authorities may continue to enact laws, rules or regulations that will result in changes in Arc Homes business practices and may materially increase the costs of compliance. We are unable to predict whether any such changes will adversely affect Arc Home's business and, in turn, our financial results. 
 
 In addition, over the years, regulators have vigilantly enforced the regulation of mortgage lenders and have penalized or, in some cases, even suspended non-compliant mortgage lenders' ability to originate loans in their jurisdictions for their failure to comply with regulatory requirements. We expect to acquire a portion of our target newly originated non-agency loans from Arc Home. If Arc Home is unable to originate loans in one or more jurisdictions as a result of regulatory issues or otherwise, it may result in fewer investment opportunities for us or in opportunities that are less geographically diversified. Further, any such regulatory issues for Arc Home could result in damage to our or our Manager's reputation in the market and impact Arc Home's ability to continue to source a desired volume of non-agency loan originations. If Arc Home is unable to originate the volume of loans anticipated, we may also be unable to identify other sources of non-agency loans for acquisition to satisfy our strategy and we may need to alter such strategy to seek other investments. Further, if any of the foregoing events were to occur, the value of our investment in Arc Home may also be adversely impacted. 
 
 An economic slowdown or a deterioration of the housing market could increase both interest expense on servicing advances and operating expenses and could cause a reduction in income from, and the value of, Arc Home s servicing portfolio. 
 
 During any period in which a borrower is not making payments, under most of its servicing agreements Arc Home is required to advance its own funds to meet contractual principal and interest remittance requirements for investors, pay property taxes and insurance premiums and process foreclosures. Arc Home also advances funds to maintain, repair and market real estate properties on behalf of investors. Most of its advances have the highest standing and are "top of the waterfall" so that Arc Home is entitled to repayment from respective loan or REO liquidations proceeds before most other claims on these proceeds, and in the majority of cases, advances in excess of respective loan or REO liquidation proceeds may be recovered from pool level proceeds. Arc Home generally finances a large portion of its servicing advance obligations and an increase in such obligations could increase its interest expense. In addition, if Arc Home's servicing advance obligations exceed its financing capacity for such obligations or such financing otherwise becomes unavailable, Arc Home may need to use cash on hand or take additional actions, including selling assets and reducing its originations to generate liquidity to support its servicer advance obligations. 
 
 Higher delinquencies also increase Arc Home s cost to service loans as loans in default require more intensive effort to bring them current or manage the foreclosure process. An increase in delinquencies may delay the timing of revenue recognition because Arc Home recognizes servicing fees as earned, which is generally upon collection of payments from borrowers or proceeds from REO liquidations. An increase in delinquencies also generally leads to lower balances in custodial and escrow accounts (float balances) and lower net earnings on custodial and escrow accounts (float earnings). Additionally, an increase in delinquencies in its GSE servicing portfolio will result in lower revenue because Arc Home collects servicing fees from GSEs only on performing loans. 
 
 Foreclosures are involuntary prepayments resulting in a reduction in unpaid principal balance. This may result in higher amortization expense and declines in the value of Arc Home s MSRs. 
 
 23 

Adverse economic conditions could also negatively impact Arc Home's lending businesses. For example, during 2022 following the Federal Reserve's rapid interest rate hikes, total U.S. residential mortgage originations volume, including origination volumes at Arc Home, decreased substantially and may continue to decrease if interest rates continue to increase as anticipated. Moreover, adverse economic conditions accompanied by declining home prices generally reduce the level of new mortgage loan originations and refinancing activity, since borrowers often use increases in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase of, or investment in, additional properties. Borrowers may also be less able to make payments on loans in a weakened economy. 
 
 The risks associated with an economic slowdown or a deterioration of the housing or lending markets are more pronounced due to the conditions created by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Any of the foregoing could adversely affect Arc Home s business, which in turn would have a negative impact on our results. 
 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation. 
 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation by federal and state governmental authorities, self-regulatory organizations, and securities exchanges. We are required to comply with numerous federal and state laws. The laws, rules and regulations comprising this regulatory framework change frequently, as can the interpretation and enforcement of existing laws, rules, and regulations. We may receive requests from federal and state agencies for records, documents, and information regarding our policies, procedures, and practices regarding our business activities. We may incur significant ongoing costs to comply with these government regulations. 
 
 These requirements can and do change as statutes and regulations are enacted, promulgated, amended, and interpreted, and the recent trends among federal and state lawmakers and regulators have been toward increasing laws, regulations, and investigative proceedings concerning the mortgage industry generally. Although we believe that we have structured our operations and investments to comply with existing legal and regulatory requirements and interpretations, changes in regulatory and legal requirements, including changes in their interpretation and enforcement by lawmakers and regulators, could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. 

Risks Related to our Investments 
 
 Our investments in non-agency residential mortgage loans, including Non-QM Loans in particular, subject us to legal, regulatory and other risks. 
 
 We believe our primary risks related to non-agency residential assets, including Non-QM Loans in particular, are credit-related risks (see Risks Related to our Company, Business, and Operations above). In addition, the ownership of non-agency residential mortgage loans (currently our primary targeted asset class) will subject us to legal, regulatory and other risks, including those arising under federal consumer protection laws and regulations designed to regulate residential mortgage loan underwriting and originators lending processes, standards, and disclosures to borrowers. The laws, rules and regulations comprising this regulatory framework change frequently, as can the interpretation and enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations. Some of the laws, rules and regulations to which we are subject are intended primarily to safeguard and protect consumers, rather than stockholders or creditors. From time to time, we may receive requests from federal and state agencies for records, documents and information regarding our policies, procedures and practices regarding our business activities. We incur significant ongoing costs to comply with these government regulations. These rules generally focus on consumer protection and include, among others, rules promulgated under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Truth in Lending Act of 1968 Truth-in-Lending Act ), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Modernization Act of 1999 Gramm-Leach-Bliley ). The Dodd-Frank Act grants enforcement authority and broad discretionary regulatory authority to the CFPB to prohibit or condition terms, acts or practices relating to mortgage loans that the CFPB finds abusive, unfair, deceptive or predatory, as well as to take other actions that the CFPB finds are necessary or proper to ensure responsible affordable mortgage credit remains available to consumers. 
 
 These laws and regulations include the "ability-to-repay" rules ("ATR Rules") under the Truth-in-Lending Act and "qualified mortgage" regulations. The ATR Rules specify the characteristics of a "qualified mortgage" and two levels of presumption of compliance with the ATR Rules: a safe harbor and a rebuttable presumption for higher priced loans. The "safe harbor" under the ATR Rules applies to a covered transaction that meets the definition of "qualified mortgage" and is not a "higher-priced covered transaction." For any covered transaction that meets the definition of a "qualified mortgage" and is not a "higher-priced covered transaction," the creditor or assignee will be deemed to have complied with the ability-to-repay requirement and, accordingly, will be conclusively presumed to have made a good faith and reasonable determination of the consumer s ability to 
 24 

repay. Creditors or assignees will have the benefit of a rebuttable presumption of compliance with the applicable ATR Rules if they have complied with the qualified mortgage characteristics of the ATR Rules other than the residential mortgage loan being higher-priced in excess of certain thresholds. On December 10, 2020, the CFPB issued a final rule that adopts a set of bright-line loan pricing thresholds to replace the previous General Qualified Mortgage 43 debt-to-income threshold calculated in accordance with "Appendix Q" and removes Appendix Q (the "General QM Final Rule"). The effective date of the General QM Final Rule is March 1, 2021, but the mandatory compliance date originally established as July 1, 2021 was delayed to October 1, 2022. On December 10, 2020, the CFPB also issued a final rule that creates a new category of a qualified mortgage, referred to as a "Seasoned QM" (the "Seasoned QM Final Rule"). A loan is eligible to become a Seasoned QM if it is a first-lien, fixed rate loan that meets certain performance requirements over a seasoning period of 36 months, is held in portfolio until the end of the seasoning period by the originating creditor or first purchaser, complies with general restrictions on product features and points and fees, and meets certain underwriting requirements. The effective date for the Seasoned QM Final Rule was March 1, 2021. At this time, however, it is unclear what impact these final rules will have on the mortgage market and the ability-to-repay rules. 
 
 Non-QM Loans are among the loan products we acquire. The safe harbor and presumptions outlined above with respect to compliance with the ATR Rules are not available to Non-QM loans. Because the final rules are largely untested in court, they remain subject to interpretive uncertainties. Failure of residential mortgage loan originators or servicers to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us, as an assignee or purchaser of these loans (or as an investor in securities backed by these loans), to monetary penalties assessed by the CFPB through its administrative enforcement authority and by mortgagors through a private right of action against lenders or as a defense to foreclosure, including by recoupment or setoff of finance charges and fees collected, and could result in rescission of the affected residential mortgage loans, which could adversely impact our business and financial results. Such risks may be higher in connection with the acquisition of Non-QM Loans. Borrowers under Non-QM Loans may be more likely than borrowers under qualified loans to challenge the analysis conducted under the ATR Rules by lenders. Even if a borrower does not succeed in the challenge, additional costs may be incurred in connection with challenging and defending such claims, which may be more costly in judicial foreclosure jurisdictions than in non-judicial foreclosure jurisdictions, and there may be more of a likelihood such claims are made since the borrower is already exposed to the judicial system to process the foreclosure. 
 
 The laws, rules and regulations to which we are subject can and do change as statutes and regulations are enacted, promulgated, amended, and interpreted. As a result, we are unable to fully predict at this time how these, or other laws or regulations that may be adopted in the future, will affect our business and the results of operations and financial condition. Recent trends among federal and state lawmakers and regulators have been toward increasing laws, regulations, and investigative procedures concerning the mortgage industry generally, which is likely to continue increasing the economic and compliance costs for participants in the mortgage origination and securitization industries, including us. 
 
 We invest in Agency-Eligible Loans, which expose us to an increased risk of loss. 
 
 We invest in Agency-Eligible Loans, which are residential mortgage loans that are underwritten in accordance with GSE guidelines and are primarily secured by investment properties. The repayment of such a loan by the property owner (i.e., the borrower) often depends primarily on its tenant's continuing ability to pay rent to the property owner. If the property owner is unable to find or retain a tenant for the rental property, the property owner would cease to have a continuous rental income stream with respect to the property and, as a result, the property owner's ability to repay the loan on a timely basis or at all could be adversely affected. In addition, the physical condition of non-owner-occupied properties can be below that of owner-occupied properties due to lax property maintenance standards, which can have a negative impact on the value of the collateral properties. Moreover, loans on non-owner-occupied residential properties generally involve larger principal amounts and a greater degree of risk than owner-occupied residential mortgage loans, resulting in a higher likelihood that we will be subject to losses on such investment property loans. 
 
 Changes in prepayment rates may adversely affect the return on our investments. 
 
 When borrowers prepay mortgage loans that we own or are underlying the securities we own at rates faster or slower than anticipated, it exposes us to prepayment or extension risk, respectively. Prepayment rates are impacted by a variety of factors, including prevailing mortgage rates, loan age and size, loan-to-value ratios, housing price trends, general economic conditions and other factors not in our control. 
 
 To the extent that actual prepayment speeds differ from our expectations, our operating results could be adversely affected, and we could be forced to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur realized losses. In addition, should significant prepayments occur, there is no certainty that we will be able to identify acceptable new investments, which could reduce our invested capital or result in us investing in less favorable investments. 
 25 

In periods of declining interest rates, prepayments on investments generally increase and the proceeds of prepayments received during these periods may generally be reinvested by us in comparable assets at reduced yields. In addition, the market value of investments subject to prepayment may, because of the risk of prepayment, benefit less than other fixed-income securities from declining interest rates. Conversely, in periods of rising interest rates, prepayments on investments, where contractually permitted, generally decrease, in which case we would not have the prepayment proceeds available to invest in comparable assets at higher yields and our cost to finance such assets would likely increase. Under certain interest rate and prepayment scenarios, we may fail to recoup fully our cost of certain investments. 
 
 Prepayment rates are difficult to predict, and market conditions may disrupt the historical correlation between interest rate changes and prepayment trends. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability predict prepayment behavior under a variety of economic conditions and particularly the relationship between changing interest rates and the rate of prepayments. As part of our overall portfolio risk management, we analyze interest rate changes and prepayment trends separately and collectively to assess their effects on our investment portfolio. To a large extent our analysis is based on models that are dependent on a number of assumptions and inputs. Many of the assumptions we use are based upon historical trends with respect to the relationship between interest rates and prepayments under normal market conditions. There is risk that our assumptions prove to be incorrect. Dislocations in the residential mortgage market and other developments may disrupt the relationship between the way that prepayment trends have historically responded to interest rate changes. Prepayment rates are also impacted by other factors beyond interest rates, such as when borrowers sell their property and use the proceeds to prepay their mortgage, or when borrowers default on their mortgages and the mortgages are prepaid from the proceeds of a foreclosure sale of the property. 
 
 The impact of each of these factors on prepayment rates is difficult to predict and may negatively impact our ability to assess the market value of our investment portfolio, implement hedging strategies and/or implement techniques to reduce our prepayment rate volatility, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any credit ratings assigned to our investments will be subject to ongoing evaluations and revisions and we cannot assure you that those ratings will not be downgraded. 
 
 Some of our investments, including the bonds that may be issued in our future securitization transactions for which we would be required to retain a portion of the credit risk, may be rated by rating agencies. Any credit ratings on our investments are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that any such ratings would not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. If rating agencies assign a lower-than-expected rating or reduce or withdraw, or indicate that they may reduce or withdraw, their ratings of our investments in the future, the value and liquidity of our investments could significantly decline, which would adversely affect the value of our portfolio and could result in losses upon disposition or the failure of borrowers to satisfy their debt service obligations to us. 
 
 Our investment in lower rated Non-Agency RMBS resulting from the securitization of our assets or otherwise, exposes us to the first loss on the mortgage assets held by the securitization vehicle. Additionally, the principal and interest payments on Non-Agency RMBS are not guaranteed by any entity, including any government entity or GSE, and therefore are subject to increased risks, including credit risk. 
 
 Our investments include Non-Agency RMBS which are backed by non-QM and other residential mortgage loans that are not issued or guaranteed by a GSE or the U.S. government. Within a securitization of residential mortgage loans, various securities are created, each of which has varying degrees of credit risk. We anticipate that our investments in Non-Agency RMBS will be concentrated in lower-rated and unrated securities in which we are exposed to the first loss on the residential mortgage loans held by the securitization vehicle, which will subject to us to the most concentrated credit risk associated with the underlying residential mortgage loans. 
 
 Additionally, the principal and interest on Non-Agency RMBS, unlike those on Agency RMBS, are not guaranteed by GSEs such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or, in the case of Ginnie Mae, the U.S. government. Non-Agency RMBS are subject to many of the risks of the underlying mortgage loans. A residential mortgage loan is typically secured by a single-family residential property and is subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure and risk of loss. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by a residential property is dependent upon the income or assets of the borrower. A number of factors, including, but not limited to, a general economic downturn, unemployment, acts of God, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances, may impair the borrower's ability to repay its mortgage loan. In periods following home price declines, "strategic defaults" (decisions by borrowers to default on their mortgage loans despite having the ability to pay) also may become more prevalent. In the event of defaults under residential mortgage loans backing any of our Non-Agency RMBS, we will bear a risk 
 26 

of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the residential mortgage loan. 
 
 Moreover, in the event of the bankruptcy of a residential mortgage loan borrower, the residential mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the residential mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a residential mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed residential mortgage loan. If borrowers default on the residential mortgage loans backing our Non-Agency RMBS and we are unable to recover any resulting loss through the foreclosure process, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Investments in second lien mortgage loans could subject us to increased risk of losses. 
 
 We may invest in second-lien mortgage loans or RMBS backed by such loans. If a borrower defaults on a second lien mortgage loan or on its senior debt (i.e., a first-lien loan, in the case of a residential mortgage loan), or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, such loan will be satisfied only after all senior debt is paid in full. As a result, if we invest in second-lien mortgage loans and the borrower defaults, we may lose all or a significant part of our investment. In certain instances, second lien investments may include home equity lines of credit, which may subject us to future funding obligations, which could have an adverse impact on our liquidity. 

Risks Related to U.S. Government Programs 
 
 The federal conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related efforts, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between these agencies and the U.S. government, may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The payments we receive on the Agency RMBS in which we invest depend upon a steady stream of payments on the mortgages underlying the securities and are guaranteed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. In 2008 Congress and the U.S. Treasury undertook a series of actions to stabilize financial markets, generally, and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, in particular. On September 7, 2008, in response to the deterioration in the financial condition of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the FHFA placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into conservatorship, which is a statutory process pursuant to which the FHFA operates Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as conservator in an effort to stabilize the entities. The appointment of the FHFA as conservator of both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac allows the FHFA to control the actions of the two GSEs. 
 
 Shortly after Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were placed in federal conservatorship, the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, noted that the guarantee structure of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac required examination and that changes in the structures of the entities were necessary to reduce risk to the financial system. The future roles of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could be significantly reduced and the nature of their guarantees could be eliminated or considerably limited relative to historical measurements. Any changes to the nature of the guarantees provided by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could redefine what constitutes Agency RMBS and could have broad adverse market implications as well as negatively impact our liquidity, financing rates, net income, and book value. 
 
 The problems faced by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that resulted in their being placed into federal conservatorship have stirred debate among some federal policy makers regarding the continued role of the U.S. government in providing liquidity for the residential mortgage market. The gradual recovery of the housing market has made Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac profitable again and increased the uncertainty about their futures. If federal policy makers decide that the U.S. government s role in providing liquidity for the residential mortgage market should be reduced or eliminated, each of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could be dissolved and the U.S. government could decide to stop providing liquidity support of any kind to the mortgage market. If Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac were eliminated, or their structures were to change radically, the amount and type of Agency RMBS available for investment would drastically reduce, affecting our ability to acquire Agency RMBS. 
 
 Our income could be negatively affected in a number of ways depending on the manner in which related events unfold. For example, the continued backing of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac by the U.S. Treasury and any additional credit support it may provide in the future to the GSEs (as defined below) could have the effect of lowering the interest rate we receive from Agency RMBS, thereby tightening the spread between the interest we earn on our Agency RMBS portfolio and our cost of financing that portfolio. A reduction in the supply of Agency RMBS could also increase the prices of Agency RMBS we seek to acquire thereby reducing the spread between the interest we earn on our portfolio of targeted assets and our cost of financing that portfolio. 
 27 

Any new law affecting these GSEs may exacerbate market uncertainty and have the effect of reducing the actual or perceived credit quality of securities issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. It is also possible that such laws could adversely impact the market for such securities and the spreads at which they trade. All of the foregoing could materially adversely affect the pricing, supply, liquidity and value of our target assets and otherwise materially adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 
 
 It remains uncertain whether, and if so on what timeline, the Biden administration will address the conservatorships of the GSEs and any comprehensive housing reform. Moreover, personnel changes at the applicable regulatory agencies may alter the nature and scope of oversight affecting the mortgage finance industry generally (particularly with respect to the future role of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac). 
 
 We are subject to the risk that agencies of and entities sponsored by the U.S. government may not be able to fully satisfy their guarantees of Agency RMBS or that these guarantee obligations may be repudiated, which may adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and our ability to sell or finance these securities. 
 
 The interest and principal payments we receive on the Agency RMBS in which we invest are guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. Unlike the Ginnie Mae certificates in which we may invest, the principal and interest on securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are not guaranteed by the U.S. government. All the Agency RMBS in which we invest depend on a steady stream of payments on the mortgages underlying the securities. 
 
 As conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the Federal Housing Finance Agency ("FHFA") may disaffirm or repudiate (subject to certain limitations for qualified financial contracts) contracts that Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae entered into prior to the FHFA s appointment as conservator if it determines, in its sole discretion, that performance of the contract is burdensome and that disaffirmation or repudiation of the contract promotes the orderly administration of its affairs. The Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, or HERA, requires the FHFA to exercise its right to disaffirm or repudiate most contracts within a reasonable period of time after its appointment as conservator. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have disclosed that the FHFA has disaffirmed certain consulting and other contracts that these entities entered into prior to the FHFA s appointment as conservator. Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae have also disclosed that the FHFA has advised that it does not intend to repudiate any guarantee obligation relating to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac s mortgage-related securities, because the FHFA views repudiation as incompatible with the goals of the conservatorship. In addition, HERA provides that mortgage loans and mortgage-related assets that have been transferred to a Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae securitization trust must be held for the beneficial owners of the related mortgage-related securities and cannot be used to satisfy the general creditors of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae. 
 
 If the guarantee obligations of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae were repudiated by the FHFA, payments of principal and/or interest to holders of Agency RMBS issued by Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae would be reduced in the event of any borrowers late payments or failure to pay or a servicer s failure to remit borrower payments to the trust. In that case, trust administration and servicing fees could be paid from mortgage payments prior to distributions to holders of Agency RMBS. Any actual direct compensatory damages owed due to the repudiation of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae s guarantee obligations may not be sufficient to offset any shortfalls experienced by holders of Agency RMBS. The FHFA also has the right to transfer or sell any asset or liability of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae, including its guarantee obligation, without any approval, assignment or consent. If the FHFA were to transfer Freddie Mac's or Fannie Mae s guarantee obligations to another party, holders of Agency RMBS would have to rely on that party for satisfaction of the guarantee obligation and would be exposed to the credit risk of that party. If the new party does not guarantee these Agency RMBS, we are subject to credit loss on the Agency RMBS which could negatively affect liquidity, net income and book value. 
 
 Mortgage loan modification and refinancing programs may adversely affect the value of, and our returns on, mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage loans. 
 
 The U.S. government, through the Federal Reserve, the Federal Housing Administration ("FHA"), the FHFA and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), has implemented a number of federal programs designed to assist homeowners, including the Home Affordable Modification Program, or HAMP, which provides homeowners with assistance in avoiding residential mortgage loan foreclosures, and the Home Affordable Refinance Program, or HARP, which allows borrowers who are current on their mortgage payments to refinance and reduce their monthly mortgage payments at loan-to-value ratios up to 125 without new mortgage insurance. Similar modification programs are also offered by several large non-GSE financial institutions. 
 
 28 

HAMP, HARP and other loss mitigation programs may involve, among other things, the modification of mortgage loans to reduce the principal amount of the loans (through forbearance and/or forgiveness) and/or the rate of interest payable on the loans, or to extend the payment terms of the loans. Non-Agency RMBS and residential mortgage loan yields and cash flows could particularly be negatively impacted by a significant number of loan modifications with respect to a given security or residential mortgage loan pool, including, but not limited to, those related to principal forgiveness and coupon reduction. These loan modification, loss mitigation and refinance programs may adversely affect the value of, and the returns on, mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage loans that we own or may purchase. 
 
 In addition, the CARES Act includes programs related to mortgage loan forbearance and loan modification to qualifying borrowers who have difficulty making their loan payments, and the FHA and FHFA have implemented a number of federal programs designed to assist homeowners, including foreclosure moratoriums. It is anticipated that as a result of financial difficulties due to the COVID-19 pandemic, borrowers will continue to request forbearance or other relief with respect to their mortgage payments. Further, across the country, moratoriums were imposed in certain states to stop evictions and foreclosures in an effort to lessen the financial burden created by the COVID-19 pandemic. It is anticipated that other forbearance programs, foreclosure moratoriums or other programs or mandates may be imposed or extended, including those that will impact mortgage related assets. These forbearance and foreclosure moratorium programs may adversely affect the value of, and the returns on, mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage loans that we own or may purchase. 

Risks Related to Financing Activities 
 
 Our business strategy involves the use of leverage, and we may become overleveraged or not achieve what we believe is optimal leverage, which may materially adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We use leverage as a strategy to increase the return on our assets. Pursuant to our leverage strategy, we borrow against a substantial portion of the market value of our mortgage investments and use the borrowed funds to finance our investment portfolio and the acquisition of additional investment assets. The risks associated with leverage are more acute during periods of market volatility and disruption and economic slowdown or recession, which the U.S. economy is currently experiencing. We may not be able to achieve our desired leverage ratio for a number of reasons, including if: 
 
 our lenders require that we pledge additional collateral to cover our borrowings; 
 our lenders do not make financing arrangements available to us at acceptable rates; 
 certain of our lenders exit the repurchase market; or 
 we determine that the leverage would expose us to excessive risk. 
 
 In addition, the use of leverage exposes us to other significant risks, including: 
 
 Change of collateral valuation . The amount of financing that we receive under our repurchase agreements will be directly related to our counterparties valuation of our assets that collateralize the outstanding financing. Typically, repurchase agreements grant the repurchase agreement counterparty the right to reevaluate the fair value of the assets that cover the amount financed under the repurchase agreement at any time. If a repurchase agreement counterparty determines that the value of the assets subject to the repurchase agreement financing has decreased, it has the right to initiate a margin call. These valuations may be different than the values that we ascribe to these assets and may be influenced by recent asset sales at distressed levels by forced sellers. A margin call requires us to transfer additional assets to a repurchase agreement counterparty without any advance of funds from the counterparty for such transfer or to repay a portion of the outstanding repurchase agreement financing. We would also be required to post additional collateral if haircuts increase under a repurchase agreement. In these situations, we could be forced to sell assets at significantly depressed prices to meet such margin calls and to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause significant losses. 
 
 Significant margin calls could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, late in the first quarter of 2020, we observed a mark-down of a substantial portion of our assets by our repurchase agreement counterparties, resulting in us having to pay cash or additional securities to satisfy margin calls that were well beyond historical norms. This eventually resulted in us seeking temporary forbearance from our counterparties, which resulted in significant losses. 
 
 Financing terms . Our ability to fund our purchases of target assets may be impacted by our ability to secure financing arrangements on acceptable terms and renew or roll these financing arrangements. The terms we receive on such financings are influenced by the demand for similar funding by our competitors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies and other financial entities. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than us, have greater financial resources and significantly 
 29 

larger balance sheets than we do. Any sizable interest rate shock or disruption in secondary mortgage markets resulting in the failure of one or more of our largest competitors may have a materially adverse effect on our ability to access or maintain short-term financing for our target assets. If we are not able to renew or roll our existing repurchase agreements or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, we may have to dispose of assets at significantly depressed prices and at inopportune times, which could cause significant losses, and may also force us to curtail our asset acquisition activities. 
 
 Adverse change in financing counterparties . We depend upon a limited number of financing counterparties to fund our investments. The aggregate number of our financing counterparties was six as of December 31, 2022. The limited number of financing counterparties may reduce our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms and increases our counterparty credit risk. In addition, our ability to fund our operations, meet financial obligations and finance asset acquisitions may be impacted by an inability to secure and maintain our repurchase agreements with our counterparties. Because repurchase agreements are short-term commitments of capital, repurchase agreement counterparties may respond to market conditions in a manner that makes it more difficult for us to renew or replace on a continuous basis our maturing short-term financings. Such counterparties have and may continue to impose more onerous conditions when rolling such financings. If major lenders stop financing our target assets, the value of our target assets could be negatively impacted, thus reducing net stockholders equity, or book value. If we are faced with a larger haircut in order to roll a financing with a particular counterparty, or in order to move a financing from one counterparty to another, then we would need to make up the difference between the two haircuts in the form of cash, which could similarly require us to dispose of assets at significantly depressed prices and at inopportune times, which could cause significant losses. 
 
 Market Volatility/Periods of Market Dislocation. Issues related to financing are exacerbated in times of significant dislocation in the financial markets, such as those experienced in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 as well as more recently as a result of macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures. It is possible that our financing counterparties will become unwilling or unable to provide us with financing, and we could be forced to sell our assets at an inopportune time when prices are depressed or markets are illiquid, which could cause significant losses. Many mortgage REITs, including us, experienced this during the initial stages of the COVID-19 pandemic and related market dislocations. In addition, if the regulatory capital requirements imposed on our financing counterparties change, they may be required to significantly increase the cost of the financing that they provide to us, or to increase the amounts of collateral they require as a condition to providing us with financing. Our financing counterparties also have revised, and may continue to revise, their eligibility requirements for the types of assets that they are willing to finance or the terms of such financings, including increased haircuts and requiring additional cash collateral, based on, among other factors, the regulatory environment and their management of actual and perceived risk, particularly with respect to assignee liability. 
 
 The securitization process expose us to risks, which could result in losses to us. 
 
 We use securitization financing for certain of our residential whole loan investments. In such structures, our financing sources typically have only a claim against the assets included in a securitization rather than a general claim against us as an entity. Prior to any such financing, we generally seek to finance our investments with relatively short-term repurchase agreements until a sufficient portfolio of assets is accumulated. As a result, we are subject to the risk that we would not be able to acquire, during the period that any short-term repurchase agreements are available, sufficient eligible assets or securities to maximize the efficiency of a securitization. 
 
 We also bear the risk that we would not be able to obtain new short-term repurchase agreements or would not be able to renew short-term repurchase agreements after they expire should we need more time to seek and acquire sufficient eligible assets or securities for a securitization. In addition, conditions in the capital markets may make the issuance of any such securitization less attractive to us even when we do have sufficient eligible assets or securities. While we would generally intend to retain a portion of the interests issued under such securitizations and, therefore, still have exposure to any investments included in such securitizations, our inability to enter into such securitizations may increase our overall exposure to risks associated with direct ownership of such investments, including the risk of default. If we are unable to obtain and renew short-term repurchase agreements or to consummate securitizations to finance the selected investments on a long-term basis, we may be required to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price. These financing arrangements require us to make certain representations and warranties regarding the assets that collateralize the borrowings. Although we perform due diligence on the assets that we acquire, certain representations and warranties that we make in respect of such assets may ultimately be determined to be inaccurate. Such representations and warranties may include, but are not limited to, issues such as the validity of the lien; the absence of delinquent taxes or other liens; the loans' compliance with all local, state and federal laws and the delivery of all documents required to perfect title to the lien. In the event of a breach of a representation or warranty, we may be required to repurchase affected loans, make indemnification payments to certain indemnified parties or address any claims associated with such breach. Further, we may have limited or no recourse against the seller from whom we purchased the loans. Such recourse may be limited due to a variety of factors, including the absence of a 
 30 

representation or warranty from the seller corresponding to the representation provided by us or the contractual expiration thereof. In certain instances, we rely on the seller to directly make representations and warranties regarding loans in a securitization. Any failure by the seller to fulfill its obligations to repurchase or make indemnification payments may negatively impact our bond ratings and our ability to execute future securitization terms on desirable terms or at all. A breach of a representation or warranty could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity and give rise to material litigation. 
 
 In addition, we may engage in securitizations in which the loans serving as collateral have or may in the future have unfunded draw amounts. To the extent such amounts are drawn upon by the borrowers, it is expected that such draws will be funded by the servicer. We may be obligated to reimburse the servicer for such draws to the extent principal collections on the loans or any reserves that have been established are insufficient to reimburse the servicer. 
 
 Certain of our financing arrangements are rated by one or more rating agencies, and we may sponsor financing facilities in the future that are rated by credit agencies. The related agency or rating agencies may suspend rating notes at any time. Rating agency delays may result in our inability to obtain timely ratings on new notes, which could adversely impact the availability of borrowings or the interest rates, advance rates or other financing terms and adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Further, if we are unable to secure ratings from other agencies, limited investor demand for unrated notes could result in further adverse changes to our liquidity and profitability. 
 
 Our financing arrangements contain restrictive operating covenants. 
 
 We, either directly or through our equity method investments in affiliates, have outstanding master repurchase agreements or loan agreements with multiple counterparties. These agreements generally include customary representations, warranties and covenants, but may also contain more restrictive supplemental terms and conditions. Although specific to each agreement, typical supplemental terms include requirements of minimum equity, leverage ratios, performance triggers or other financial ratios. The negative impacts on our business caused by macroeconomic conditions and market volatility may make it more difficult to meet or satisfy these covenants, and we cannot assure you that we will remain in compliance with these covenants in the future. Future lenders may impose similar or more onerous restrictions. 
 
 If we fail to meet or satisfy any covenant, supplemental term or representation and warranty, an event of default could be declared under these agreements and our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the agreements to be immediately due and payable (or such amounts may automatically become due and payable), terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral, enforce their respective interests against existing collateral pledged under such agreements and restrict our ability to make additional borrowings. Certain financing agreements may contain cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions, so that if a default occurs under any one agreement, the lenders under our other agreements could also declare a default. A default also could significantly limit our financing alternatives, which could cause us to curtail our investment activities or dispose of assets when we otherwise would not choose to do so. As a result, a default on any of our financing agreements could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Further, this could also make it difficult for us to satisfy the qualification requirements necessary to maintain our status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 If a counterparty to a repurchase agreement defaults on its obligation to resell or return the underlying loan or security back to us at the end of the transaction term, we may lose money on such financing arrangement. 
 
 When we engage in financing arrangements, we generally sell loans or securities to lenders i.e. , repurchase agreement counterparties) and receive cash from the lenders. The lenders are obligated to resell or return the same loans or securities back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. Because the cash we receive from lenders when we initially sell or deliver the assets to the lender is less than the value of those assets (this difference is the haircut), if the lender defaults on its obligation to resell or return the same assets back to us (whether due to insolvency of the lender or otherwise) we may incur a loss on the transaction equal to the amount of the haircut (assuming there was no change in the value of the securities). On December 31, 2022, we had greater than 5 stockholders' equity at risk on a GAAP basis and non-GAAP basis with three repurchase agreement counterparties: Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, BofA Securities, Inc., and Barclays Capital Inc. 
 
 Our rights under our repurchase agreements may be subject to the effects of the bankruptcy laws in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of us or our lenders under the financing arrangements, which may allow our lenders to repudiate our financing arrangements. 
 
 In the event of our insolvency or bankruptcy, certain repurchase agreements may qualify for special treatment under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the effect of which, among other things, would be to allow the lender under the applicable repurchase agreements to avoid the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and to foreclose on the pledged collateral 
 31 

without delay, impacting our legal title and the right to proceeds. In the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of a lender during the term of a repurchase agreement, the lender may be permitted, under applicable insolvency laws, to repudiate the contract, and our claim against the lender for damages may be treated simply as that of an unsecured creditor. In addition, if the lender is a broker or dealer subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, or an insured depository institution subject to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, our ability to exercise our rights to recover our securities under a repurchase agreement or to be compensated for any damages resulting from the lender s insolvency may be further limited by those statutes. These claims would be subject to significant delay and, if and when received, may be substantially less than the damages we actually incur. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of borrowings under our financing arrangements, we are subject to margin calls that could result in defaults or force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions or through foreclosure. 
 
 We enter into financing arrangements to finance the acquisition of our target assets. Pursuant to the terms of borrowings under our financing arrangements, a decline in the value of the collateral may result in our lenders initiating margin calls. A margin call requires us to pledge additional collateral to re-establish the ratio of the value of the collateral to the amount of the borrowing. The specific collateral value to borrowing ratio that would trigger a margin call is not set in the master repurchase agreements or loan agreements and is not determined until we engage in a repurchase transaction or borrowing arrangement under these agreements. Our fixed-rate collateral are generally more susceptible to margin calls as periods of increased interest rates tend to affect more negatively the market value of fixed-rate securities. In addition, some collateral may be more illiquid than other instruments in which we invest, which could cause them to be more susceptible to margin calls in a volatile market environment. Moreover, collateral that prepays more quickly increases the frequency and magnitude of potential margin calls as there is a significant time lag between when the prepayment is reported (which reduces the market value of the security) and when the principal payment is actually received. If we are unable to satisfy margin calls, our lenders may foreclose on our collateral. The threat of or occurrence of a margin call could force us to sell, either directly or through a foreclosure, our collateral under adverse market conditions. Because of the leverage we expect to have, we may incur substantial losses upon the threat or occurrence of a margin call. The risks associated with leverage are more acute during periods of economic slowdown or recession, which the U.S. economy has experienced and may continue to experience in connection with the conditions created by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The Federal Reserve s actions and statements regarding monetary policy and the management of its balance sheet can affect the fixed income and mortgage finance markets in ways that could adversely affect our future business and financial results and the value of, and returns on, real estate-related investments and other assets we own or may acquire. 
 
 Actions taken by the Federal Reserve to set or adjust monetary policy or to manage the overall size and composition of its balance sheet, and statements it makes regarding the foregoing, may affect the expectations and outlooks of market participants in ways that disrupt our business and adversely affect the value of, and returns on, our portfolio of real-estate related investments and the pipeline of mortgage loans we own or may originate or acquire. 
 
 In March 2022, in an attempt to curb the inflation rate, the Federal Reserve raised its benchmark federal funds rate by 0.25 to a range between 0.25 and 0.50 , the first increase since December 2018. In addition, through a series of rapid federal funds rate increases in May 2022, June 2022, July 2022, September 2022, November 2022, December 2022 and February 2023, the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds rate to a range between 4.50 and 4.75 . Further, the Federal Reserve confirmed its plan to reduce its balance sheet at a rapid pace beginning in May 2022, effectively concluding the nearly 15-year-long quantitative easing era (in which the Federal Reserve effectively increased liquidity to consumers and businesses) and launching a reverse process known as quantitative tightening. In addition, the Federal Reserve has indicated that it expects continued increases in interest rates in 2023 and 2024. These conditions have resulted in an inversion of the yield curve, which may be a signal that we are entering into a recessionary period. 
 
 To the extent benchmark interest rates rise or the yield curve flattens further as a result of the Federal Reserve s policy actions or statements, one of the immediate potential impacts on our business would be a reduction in the overall value of the pool of mortgage loans that we own and the overall value of the pipeline of mortgage loans that we have identified for origination or purchase. Rising benchmark interest rates also generally have a negative impact on the overall cost of short- and long-term borrowings we use to finance our acquisitions and holdings of mortgage loans, including as a result of the requirement to post additional margin (or collateral) to lenders to offset any associated decline in value of the mortgage loans we finance with short-term borrowings subject to market value-based margin calls. Several of the short-term borrowing facilities we use to finance our acquisitions and holdings of mortgage loans are uncommitted and all such short-term facilities have a limited term, which could result in these types of borrowings not being available in the future to fund our acquisitions and holdings and could result in our being required to sell holdings of mortgage loans and incur losses. In addition, any inability to fund originations or acquisitions of mortgage loans could damage our reputation as a reliable counterparty in the mortgage finance markets. 
 32 

To the extent benchmark interest rates rise or the yield curve flattens further as a result of the Federal Reserve s policy actions or statements, it would also likely impact the volume of residential mortgage loans available for purchase in the marketplace and our ability to compete to acquire residential mortgage loans as part of our residential mortgage banking activities. These impacts could result from, among other things, a lower overall volume of mortgage refinance activity by mortgage borrowers and an increased level of competition from large commercial banks that may operate with a lower cost of capital than we do, including as a result of Federal Reserve monetary policies that impact banks more favorably than us and other non-bank institutions. These and other impacts of developments of the type described above may have a negative impact on our business and results of operations and we cannot accurately predict the full extent of these impacts or for how long they may persist. 
 
 The replacement of LIBOR with SOFR-based rates or other alternative reference rates may adversely affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR. 
 
 The interest rates on our repurchase agreements, as well as adjustable-rate mortgage loans in our securitizations, are generally based on LIBOR. The cessation of LIBOR will occur on June 30, 2023. Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities. CME Term SOFR is a forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that, when added to a spread adjustment, is recommended by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee as a LIBOR replacement in certain cash products. CME Term SOFR, plus the statutory spread adjustment, has also been selected by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve as the benchmark replacement applicable to many products that will transition away from LIBOR automatically under the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act. 
 
 The transition to SOFR, Term SOFR or another alternative reference rate may present challenges, which could make it difficult for financial institutions to offer SOFR-based debt products, including but not limited to, the determination of the spread adjustment required to convert LIBOR to SOFR, and that such transition may require substantial negotiations with counterparties. There is no guarantee that the transition from LIBOR to SOFR or SOFR-based rates will not result in financial market disruptions, significant increases in benchmark rates, or borrowing costs to borrowers, any of which could affect our interest expense and earnings and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. The impact of any basis risk difference between LIBOR and SOFR or Term SOFR may negatively affect our net interest margin. Any of these alternative methods may result in interest rates that are higher than if LIBOR Rate was available in its current form, which would increase our borrowing costs, and could have a material adverse effect on our net interest margin. In addition, the manner and timing of the shift is currently unknown. It is possible that not all of our assets and liabilities will transition away from LIBOR at the same time, and it is possible that not all of our assets and liabilities will transition to the same alternative reference rate, in each case increasing the difficulty of hedging. We and other market participants have less experience understanding and modeling SOFR-based assets and liabilities than LIBOR-based assets and liabilities, increasing the difficulty of investing, hedging, and risk management. The process of transition involves operational risks. Certain financial instruments will not be eligible for any legislative or regulatory fallback solution and thus will need to be amended through negotiation of the counterparties. 
 
 Holders of our fixed-to-floating preferred shares should refer to the relevant prospectus to understand the USD-LIBOR cessation provisions applicable to that class. We do not currently intend to amend any of our fixed-to-floating preferred shares to change the existing USD-LIBOR cessation fallbacks. Our fixed-to-floating preferred shares become callable at the same time they begin to pay a USD-LIBOR-based rate. Should we choose to call our fixed-to-floating preferred shares in order to avoid a dispute over the results of the USD-LIBOR fallbacks, we may be forced to raise additional funds at an unfavorable time. 

Risks Related to our Management and our Relationship with our Manager and its Affiliates 
 
 We are dependent upon our Manager, its affiliates and their key personnel and may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement with our Manager is terminated or such key personnel are no longer available to us, which would materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 In accordance with our management agreement, we are externally managed and advised by our Manager, and all of our officers are employees of Angelo Gordon or its affiliates. We have no separate facilities, and we have no employees. Pursuant to our management agreement, our Manager is obligated to supply us with our senior management team, and the members of that team may have conflicts in allocating their time and services between us and other entities or accounts managed by our Manager and its affiliates, now or in the future, including other Angelo Gordon funds. Substantially all of our investment, financing and risk management decisions are made by our Manager and not by us, and our Manager also has significant discretion as to the implementation of our operating policies and strategies. 
 
 33 

Furthermore, our Manager has the sole discretion to hire and fire employees, and our Board of Directors and stockholders have no authority over the individual employees of our Manager or Angelo Gordon, although our Board of Directors does have direct authority over our officers who are supplied by our Manager. Accordingly, we are completely reliant upon, and our success depends exclusively on, our Manager s personnel, services, resources, facilities, relationships and contacts. No assurance can be given that our Manager will act in our best interests with respect to the allocation of personnel, services and resources to our business. 
 
 In addition, the management agreement does not require our Manager to dedicate specific personnel to us or to require personnel servicing our business to allocate a specific amount of time to us. The failure of any of our Manager s key personnel to service our business with the requisite time and dedication, or the departure of such personnel from our Manager, or the failure of our Manager to attract and retain key personnel, would materially and adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 
 Further, when there are turbulent conditions in the real estate industry, distress in the credit markets or other times when we will need focused support and assistance from our Manager, the attention of our Manager s personnel and executive officers and the resources of Angelo Gordon will also be required by the other funds and accounts managed by our Manager and its affiliates, placing our Manager s resources in high demand. In such situations, we may not receive the level of support and assistance that we may receive if we were internally managed or if our Manager and its affiliates did not act as a manager for other entities. If the management agreement is terminated and a suitable replacement for our Manager is not secured in a timely manner or at all, we would likely be unable to execute our business plan, which would materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 The management agreement was not negotiated on an arm s length basis and the terms, including the fees payable to our Manager, may not be as favorable to us as if the agreement was negotiated with unaffiliated third-parties. 
 
 All of our officers and our non-independent directors are employees of Angelo Gordon or its affiliates. The management agreement was negotiated between related parties, and we did not have the benefit of arm s length negotiations of the type normally conducted with an unaffiliated third-party and the terms, including the fees payable to our Manager, may not be as favorable to us. We may choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, our rights under the management agreement because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with our Manager. 
 
 Our governance and operational structure could result in conflicts of interest. 
 
 Our Manager is managed by Angelo Gordon, whose interests may not always be aligned with ours or our Manager s. The employees of Angelo Gordon that devote time to managing our business may have conflicting interests between us and Angelo Gordon when managing our business. Angelo Gordon may decide to sell or transfer an equity interest in the Manager, which could increase the potential conflicts. 
 
 There are conflicts of interest inherent in our relationship with our Manager insofar as our Manager and its affiliates invest in real estate and other securities and loans, and whose investment objectives overlap with our investment objectives. Certain investments appropriate for us may also be appropriate for one or more of these other investment vehicles. Certain employees of our Manager and its affiliates who are our officers also may serve as officers and/or directors of these other entities. We may compete with entities affiliated with our Manager for certain target assets. From time to time, affiliates of our Manager focus on investments in assets with a similar profile as our target assets that we may seek to acquire. These affiliates may have meaningful purchasing capacity. To the extent such other investment vehicles acquire or divest of the same target assets as us, the scope of opportunities otherwise available to us may be adversely affected and/or reduced. 
 
 We have broad investment guidelines, and we have co-invested and may co-invest with Angelo Gordon funds in a variety of investments. We also may invest in securities that are senior or junior to securities owned by funds managed by our Manager or its affiliates. There can be no assurance that any procedural protection will be sufficient to assure that these transactions will be made on terms that will be at least as favorable to us as those that would have been obtained in an arm s length transaction. 
 
 We are subject to Angelo Gordon s investment allocation policy, which specifically addresses some of the conflicts relating to our investment opportunities. However, there is no assurance that this policy will be adequate to address all of the conflicts that may arise, or address such conflicts in a manner that results in the allocation of a particular investment opportunity to us or is otherwise favorable to us. 
 
 Our Manager and Angelo Gordon and their respective employees also may have ongoing relationships with the obligors of investments or the clients counterparties and they or their clients may own equity or other securities or obligations issued by such parties. In addition, Angelo Gordon, either for its own accounts or for the accounts of other clients, may hold securities or 
 34 

obligations that are senior to, or have interests different from or adverse to, the securities or obligations that are acquired for us. Employees of our Manager and its affiliates may also invest in other entities managed by other Angelo Gordon entities which are eligible to purchase target assets. See Part I, Item 1 "Business - Investment Policies" for additional information related to target assets. Angelo Gordon or our Manager and their respective employees may make investment decisions for us that may be different from those undertaken for their personal accounts or on behalf of other clients (including the timing and nature of the action taken). Angelo Gordon and its affiliates may at certain times simultaneously seek to purchase or sell the same or similar investments for clients or for themselves. Likewise, our Manager may on our behalf purchase or sell an investment in which another Angelo Gordon client or affiliate is already invested or has co-invested. Such transactions may differ across Angelo Gordon clients or affiliates. These instances may result in conflicts of interest, which may adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Some of our officers may hold executive or management positions with other entities managed by affiliates of our Manager, and some of our officers and directors may own equity interests or limited partnership interests in such entities. The owners of the Manager or its affiliates may be entitled to receive profit from the management fee we pay to our Manager either in the form of distributions by our Manager or increased value of their ownership interests (whether direct or indirect) in the Manager. Such ownership may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for such entities than they do for us. 
 
 We may enter into transactions to purchase or sell investments with entities or accounts managed by our Manager or its affiliates. 
 
 Our Manager may make, or may be required to make, investment decisions on our behalf where our trading counterparty is an entity affiliated with or an account managed by our Manager or its affiliates, including Arc Home. Although we have adopted an Affiliated Transactions Policy, which specifically addresses the requirements of these types of trades, there is no assurance that this policy will ensure the most favorable outcome for us or will be adequate to address all of the conflicts that may arise. There is no assurance that the terms of such transactions would be as favorable to us as transacting in the open market with unaffiliated third-parties. As the investment programs of the various entities and accounts managed by our Manager and its affiliates change over time, additional issues and considerations may affect our Affiliated Transactions Policy and our Manager s expectations with respect to such transactions, which could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has approved very broad investment policies for our Manager, may change such policies without stockholder consent, and does not review or approve each investment or financing decision made by our Manager. 
 
 Our Board of Directors determines our operational policies and may amend or revise such policies, including our policies with respect to our REIT qualification, acquisitions, dispositions, operations, indebtedness and distributions, or approve transactions that deviate from these policies, without a vote of, or notice to, our stockholders. Operational policy changes could adversely affect the market value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, such as reduction in the size of our GAAP investment portfolio. For example, 2020 was marked by unprecedented conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and as a result of and in response to these conditions, the size and composition of our investment portfolio was significantly reduced during 2020. 
 
 We may also change our investment strategies and policies and target asset classes at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our making investments that are different in type from, and possibly riskier than, our current assets or the investments contemplated in this report. For example, in 2021, we repositioned our investment strategy to focus primarily on opportunities within the non-agency residential mortgage market. A change in our investment strategies and policies and target asset classes may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our Manager is authorized to follow very broad investment policies and, therefore, has great latitude in determining the types of assets that are proper investments for us, the financing related to such assets, the allocations among asset classes and individual investment decisions. In the future, our Manager may make investments with lower rates of return than those anticipated under current market conditions or may make investments with greater risks to achieve those anticipated returns. Our Board of Directors periodically reviews our investment policies and our investment portfolio but does not review or approve each proposed investment by our Manager or the financing related thereto. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our Board of Directors relies primarily on information provided to it by our Manager. Furthermore, our Manager may use complex strategies and transactions that may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind by the time they are reviewed by our Board of Directors. 
 
 35 

Our Manager's fee structure may not create proper incentives or may induce our Manager and its affiliates to make riskier or more speculative investments, which increase the risk of our portfolio. 
 
 We pay our Manager base management fees on a quarterly basis regardless of the performance of our portfolio. Our Manager's entitlement to base management fees, which are based on our "Stockholders' Equity" (as defined under " Contractual obligations The Management Agreement" in Part II, Item 7), might reduce its incentive to devote its time and effort to seeking loans or other investments that provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders and instead may incentivize our Manager to advance strategies that increase our Stockholders Equity, which could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the market price of our common stock. There may be circumstances where increasing our Stockholders Equity will not optimize the returns for our stockholders, and consequently, we will be required to pay our Manager base management fees in a particular period despite experiencing a net loss or a decline in the value of our portfolio during that period. The compensation payable to our Manager will increase as a result of any future issuances of our equity securities, even if the issuances are dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 
 In addition, beginning with the 2023 calendar year, our Manager has the ability to earn an incentive fee that is based, in large part, upon our achievement of targeted levels of adjusted net income, as calculated in accordance with the management agreement. In evaluating asset acquisition and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn an incentive fee based on adjusted net income may lead our Manager to place undue emphasis on the maximization of adjusted net income at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, maintaining liquidity, and/or management of credit risk or market risk, in order to achieve a higher incentive fee. Assets with higher yield potential are generally riskier or more speculative. This could result in increased risk to our portfolio. 
 
 In addition, the incentive fee is computed and paid annually generally on adjusted net income that includes unrealized gains driven by mark-to-market increases on investments. If the value of such investments decline prior to a realization event, it is possible that the unrealized gains previously included in the calculation of the incentive fee will not be realized. Our Manager is not under any obligation to reimburse us for any part of the incentive fee previously received as a result of unrealized gains that are ultimately not realized. 
 
 Our Manager will not be liable to us for any acts or omissions performed in accordance with the management agreement, including with respect to the performance of our investments. 
 
 Pursuant to our management agreement, our Manager will not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder in good faith and will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Directors in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Our Manager maintains a contractual as opposed to a fiduciary relationship with us. Our Manager, its members, managers, officers and employees will not be liable to us or any of our subsidiaries, to our Board of Directors, or our or any subsidiary s stockholders or partners for any act or omission by our Manager, its members, managers, officers or employees, except by reason of acts constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of our Manager s duties under our management agreement. We shall, to the full extent lawful, reimburse, indemnify and hold our Manager, its members, managers, officers and employees and each other person, if any, controlling our Manager harmless of and from any and all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims of any nature whatsoever (including attorneys fees) in respect of or arising from any act or omission of an indemnified party made in good faith in the performance of our Manager s duties under our management agreement and not constituting such indemnified party s bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of our Manager s duties under our management agreement. 
 
 Termination of our management agreement would be costly and, in certain cases, not permitted. 
 
 It is difficult and costly to terminate the management agreement we have entered into with our Manager without cause. Our independent directors review our Manager s performance and the management fees annually. The management agreement renews automatically each year for an additional one-year period, subject to certain termination rights. As of the date hereof, our management agreement has not been terminated. The management agreement provides that it may be terminated annually by us without cause upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our independent directors or by a vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding common stock, in each case based upon (i) our Manager s unsatisfactory performance that is materially detrimental to us or (ii) our determination that the management fees payable to our Manager are not fair, subject to our Manager s right to prevent termination based on unfair fees by accepting a reduction of management fees agreed to by at least two-thirds of our independent directors. Our Manager must be provided 180-days prior notice of any such termination. We may not terminate or elect not to renew the management agreement, even in the event of our Manager s poor performance, without having to pay substantial termination fees. Upon any such termination without cause, the management agreement provides that we will pay our Manager a termination fee equal to three times the average annual base management fee earned by our Manager during the 24-month period prior to termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal 
 36 

quarter. While under certain circumstances the obligation to make such a payment might not be enforceable, this provision may increase the cost to us of terminating the management agreement and adversely affect our ability to terminate the management agreement without cause. 
 
 Our Manager may terminate our management agreement, which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our Manager may terminate the management agreement if we become required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act with termination deemed to occur immediately before such event, in which case we would not be required to pay a termination fee to our Manager. Our Manager may decline to renew the management agreement by providing us with 180 days written notice, in which case we would not be required to pay a termination fee to our Manager. Our Manager may also terminate the management agreement upon at least 60 days prior written notice if we default in the performance of any material term of the management agreement and the default continues for a period of 30 days after written notice to us, whereupon we would be required to pay to our Manager the termination fee described above. If the management agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute our business plan. 
 
 Depository institutions that finance our investments may require that AG REIT Management, LLC remain as our Manager under the management agreement and that certain key personnel of our Manager continue to service our business. If AG REIT Management, LLC ceases to be our Manager or one or more of our Manager s key personnel are no longer servicing our business, it may constitute an event of default, and the depository institution providing the arrangement may have acceleration rights with respect to outstanding borrowings and termination rights with respect to our ability to finance our future investments with that institution. If we are unable to obtain financing for our accelerated borrowings and for our future investments under such circumstances, we may be required to curtail our asset acquisitions and/or dispose of assets at an inopportune time. 
 
 We have engaged Red Creek Asset Management LLC, an affiliate of our Manager (the "Asset Manager"), to manage certain of our residential mortgage loans. The terms of the asset management agreement with the Asset Manager may not be as favorable to us as if the agreement was negotiated with unaffiliated third-parties. 
 
 In connection with our investments in Non-QM Loans, GSE Non-Owner Occupied Loans, residential mortgage loans, and Re/Non-Performing Loans, we engage asset managers to provide advisory, consultation, asset management and other services to help our third-party servicers formulate and implement strategic plans to manage, collect and dispose of loans in a manner that is reasonably expected to maximize the amount of proceeds from each loan. We engaged the Asset Manager, an affiliate of the Manager and direct subsidiary of Angelo Gordon, as the asset manager for certain of our non-agency loans, agency loans, residential mortgage loans and Re/Non-Performing Loans. We pay separate arm s-length asset management fees as assessed and confirmed by a third-party valuation firm for (i) Non-QM Loans, (ii) non-performing loans and (iii) re-performing loans, in each case, to the Asset Manager. The asset management agreement was negotiated between related parties, and we did not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations as we normally would with unaffiliated third-parties. As such, the terms may not be as favorable to us as they otherwise might have been. 

Risks Related to Taxation 
 
 Our failure to qualify as a REIT would result in higher taxes and reduced cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 We operate in a manner that is intended to qualify us as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex, and interpretations of such laws are limited. Maintaining our qualification as a REIT requires us to meet various tests regarding the nature of our assets and our income, the ownership of our outstanding stock, and the amount of our distributions on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon the characterization and fair values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Our compliance with the annual REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Although we intend to operate so that we will maintain our qualification as a REIT, no assurance can be given that we will so qualify for any particular year. 
 
 We also own an interest in an entity that has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws, or a "Subsidiary REIT." The Subsidiary REIT is subject to the same REIT requirements that are applicable to us. If the Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to regular U.S. federal, state and local corporate income tax, (ii) our interest in such Subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and (iii) it is possible that we would fail certain of the REIT asset tests, in which event we also would fail to 
 37 

qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. While we believe that the Subsidiary REIT has qualified as a REIT under the Code, we have joined the Subsidiary REIT in filing a "protective" TRS election under Section 856(l) of the Code. We cannot assure you that such "protective" TRS election would be effective to avoid adverse consequences to us. Moreover, even if the "protective" election were to be effective, we cannot assure you that we would not fail to satisfy the requirement that not more than 20 of the value of our total assets may be represented by the securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRS"). 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any calendar year, we would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Further, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay any resulting tax. Our payment of income tax would decrease the amount of our income available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we no longer would be required to distribute substantially all of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders. Unless our failure to qualify as a REIT was subject to relief under U.S. federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect to qualify as a REIT for four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify. 
 
 Complying with the REIT requirements can be difficult and may cause us to be forced to liquidate assets or to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our shares. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to a 100 tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property or inventory. We may be required to make distributions to our stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, and may be unable to pursue otherwise attractive investments in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as a REIT. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 
 The REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategies. 
 
 We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our net taxable income, excluding any net capital gain, in order for corporate income tax not to apply to earnings that we distribute. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax, and may be subject to state and local income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the requirements of the Code and to avoid paying corporate income tax. However, differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash could require us to sell assets or borrow funds on a short-term or long-term basis to meet the distribution requirements of the Code. 
 
 We may find it difficult or impossible to meet distribution requirements in certain circumstances. Due to the nature of the assets in which we invest, we may be required to recognize taxable income from those assets in advance of our receipt of cash flow on or proceeds from disposition of such assets. For example, we may be required to accrue interest and discount income on mortgage loans, mortgage-backed securities, and other types of debt securities or interests in debt securities before we receive any payment of interest or principal on such assets. We may also acquire distressed debt investments that may be subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding debt are "significant modifications" under the applicable Treasury regulations, the modified debt may be considered to have been reissued to us at a gain in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower, with gain recognized by us to the extent that the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our cost of purchasing it prior to modification. Finally, we may be required under the terms of indebtedness that we incur to use cash received from interest payments to make principal payments on that indebtedness, with the effect of recognizing income but not having a corresponding amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 As a result, to the extent such income is not recognized within a domestic TRS, the requirement to distribute a substantial portion of our net taxable income could cause us to: (i) sell assets in adverse market conditions, (ii) borrow on unfavorable terms, (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt or (iv) make a taxable distribution of our shares as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash, in order to comply with REIT requirements. Moreover, if our only feasible alternative were to make a taxable distribution of our shares to comply with the REIT 
 38 

distribution requirements for any taxable year and the value of our shares was not sufficient at such time to make a distribution to our stockholders in an amount at least equal to the minimum amount required to comply with such REIT distribution requirements, we would generally fail to qualify as a REIT for such taxable year and would be precluded from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we ceased to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may face tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. 
 
 Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from certain activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, property and transfer taxes, such as mortgage recording taxes. In addition, in order to meet the REIT qualification requirements, or to avert the imposition of a 100 tax that applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from dealer property or inventory, we may hold certain assets through, and derive a significant portion of our taxable income and gains in, TRSs. Such subsidiaries are subject to corporate level income tax at regular rates. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to be treated as owned by us for U.S. federal income tax purposes could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 We have entered and may in the future enter into repurchase agreements that are structured as sale and repurchase agreements pursuant to which we nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase these assets at a later date in exchange for a purchase price. Economically, these agreements are financings which are secured by the assets sold pursuant thereto. We believe that we are treated for REIT asset and income test purposes as the owner of the assets that are the subject of any such sale and repurchase agreement notwithstanding that such agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the sale and repurchase agreement, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our ownership of and relationship with our TRSs will be limited, and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 
 A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more TRSs. A TRS may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS. A corporation (other than a REIT) of which a TRS directly or indirectly owns more than 35 of the voting power or value of the stock will automatically be treated as a TRS. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT's total assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. A domestic TRS will pay federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the TRS rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a TRS to its parent REIT to assure that the TRS is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation, and in certain circumstances, the ability of our TRSs to deduct net business interest expenses generally may be limited. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm's-length basis. 
 
 Uncertainty exists with respect to the treatment of TBAs for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests. 
 
 We have purchased and sold and may in the future purchase and sell Agency RMBS through TBAs and have recognized and may in the future recognize income or gains from the disposition of those TBAs, through dollar roll transactions or otherwise. While there is no direct authority with respect to the qualification of TBAs as real estate assets or U.S. Government securities for purposes of the REIT 75 asset test or the qualification of income or gains from dispositions of TBAs as gains from the sale of real property or other qualifying income for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test, we treat our TBAs under which we contract to purchase a to-be-announced Agency RMBS ("long TBAs") as qualifying assets for purposes of the REIT 75 asset test, and we treat income and gains from our long TBAs as qualifying income for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test, based on a legal opinion of counsel substantially to the effect that (i) for purposes of the REIT asset tests, our ownership of a long TBA should be treated as ownership of real estate assets, and (ii) for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test, any gain recognized by us in connection with the settlement of our long TBAs should be treated as gain from the sale or disposition of an interest in mortgages on real property. Opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS, and no assurance can be given that the IRS will not successfully challenge the conclusions set forth in such opinions. In addition, it must be emphasized that the opinion of counsel is based on various assumptions relating to our TBAs and is conditioned upon fact-based representations and covenants made by our Manager regarding our TBAs. No assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert that such assets or income are not qualifying assets or income. If the IRS were to successfully challenge the opinion of counsel, we could be subject to a penalty tax or we could fail to remain qualified as a REIT if a sufficient portion of our assets consists of TBAs or a sufficient portion of our income consists of income or gains from the disposition of TBAs. 
 39 

New legislation or administrative or judicial action, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our stock. The U.S. federal tax rules that affect REITs are under review constantly by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, which results in statutory changes as well as frequent revisions to Treasury regulations and interpretations. Revisions in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could cause us to change our investments, commitments and strategies, which could also affect the tax considerations of an investment in our stock. 
 
 Complying with the REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge our assets and operations. Under current law, any income that we generate from transactions intended to hedge our interest rate, inflation or currency risks will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests if (i) the instrument hedges risk of interest rate or currency fluctuations on indebtedness incurred or to be incurred to carry or acquire real estate assets, (ii) the instrument hedges risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income or gain that would be qualifying income under the REIT 75 or 95 gross income tests, or (iii) the instrument was entered into to "offset" certain instruments described in clauses (i) or (ii) of this sentence and certain other requirements are satisfied and such instrument is properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations. Income from hedging transactions that do not meet these requirements may constitute nonqualifying income for purposes of both the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit our use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous to us and could result in greater risks associated with interest rate fluctuations or other changes than we would otherwise be able to mitigate. 
 
 Certain financing activities may subject us to U.S. federal income tax and could have negative tax consequences for our stockholders. 
 
 We may enter into securitization transactions and other financing transactions that could result in us, or a portion of our assets, being treated as a taxable mortgage pool for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If we enter into such a transaction in the future, we could be taxable at the highest corporate income tax rate on a portion of the income arising from a taxable mortgage pool, referred to as "excess inclusion income," that is allocable to the percentage of our shares held in record name by disqualified organizations (generally tax-exempt entities that are exempt from the tax on unrelated business taxable income, such as state pension plans and charitable remainder trusts and government entities). In that case, we could reduce distributions to such stockholders by the amount of tax paid by us that is attributable to such stockholder's ownership. 
 
 If we were to realize excess inclusion income, IRS guidance indicates that the excess inclusion income would be allocated among our stockholders in proportion to the dividends paid. Excess inclusion income cannot be offset by losses of a stockholder. If the stockholder is a tax-exempt entity and not a disqualified organization, then this income would be fully taxable as unrelated business taxable income under Section 512 of the Code. If the stockholder is a foreign person, it would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the maximum tax rate and withholding will be required on this income without reduction or exemption pursuant to any otherwise applicable income tax treaty. 
 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions, including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans, that would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax with no offset for losses. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, but including mortgage loans, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We might be subject to this tax if we dispose of or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans, if we frequently buy and sell securities or open and close TBA contracts in a manner that is treated as dealer activity with respect to such securities or contracts for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, in order to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose to engage in certain sales of loans through a TRS and not at the REIT level, and may limit the structures we utilize for our securitization transactions, even though the sales or structures might otherwise be beneficial to us. 
 
 40 

The share ownership limits applicable to us that are imposed by the Code for REITs, and our charter may restrict our business combination opportunities. 
 
 In order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year after our first taxable year. Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our Board of Directors to take the actions that are necessary or appropriate to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Under our charter, no person may own, directly or indirectly, (i) more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock or (ii) more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding capital stock. However, our Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, grant an exemption to the share ownership limits (prospectively or retrospectively), subject to certain conditions and the receipt by our board of certain representations and undertakings. The share ownership limit is based upon direct or indirect ownership by "persons," which is defined to include entities and certain groups of stockholders. Our share ownership limits might delay or prevent a transaction or a change in our control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 The constructive ownership rules contained in our charter are complex and may cause the outstanding shares owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than these percentages of the outstanding shares by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity to own constructively in excess of these percentages of the outstanding shares and thus violate the share ownership limits. Any attempt to own or transfer our common stock or preferred shares in excess of the share ownership limits without the consent of our Board of Directors or in a manner that would cause us to be "closely held" under Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the shares are held during the last half of a taxable year) will result in the shares being deemed to be transferred to a director for a charitable trust or, if the transfer to the charitable trust is not automatically effective to prevent a violation of the share ownership limits or the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares, any such transfer of our shares will be void ab initio . Further, any transfer of our shares that would result in our shares being held by fewer than 100 persons will be void ab initio . 
 
 There may be tax consequences to any modifications to our borrowings, our hedging transactions and other contracts to replace references to LIBOR. 
 
 The publication of LIBOR rates will be discontinued after June 2023. We are parties to loan agreements with LIBOR-based interest rates and derivatives with LIBOR-based terms used for hedging. We may have to renegotiate such LIBOR-based instruments to replace references to LIBOR. Under current law, certain modifications of terms of LIBOR-based instruments may have tax consequences, including deemed taxable exchanges of the pre-modification instrument for the modified instrument. Treasury regulations, effective March 7, 2022 (the "IBOR Regulations") provide guidance on the tax consequences of the discontinuation of LIBOR and certain other interbank offered rates. The IBOR Regulations allow for the treatment of certain modifications to be deemed non-taxable events. We intend to migrate to a post-LIBOR environment without recognizing taxable income from deemed taxable exchanges in excess of our economic income or suffering other adverse tax consequences, but there can be no assurance that we succeed in such efforts. 

Risks Related to our Organization and Structure 
 
 Loss of our exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act would impose significant limits on our operations, which would negatively affect the value of shares of our common stock and our ability to distribute cash to our stockholders. 
 
 We conduct our operations so neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, a company is an investment company if it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire "investment securities" having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis (the "40 test"). "Investment securities" do not include, among other things, U.S. government securities, and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that (i) are not investment companies and (ii) are not relying on the exceptions from the definition of investment company provided by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act (the so called "private investment company" exemptions). We believe that we are not an investment company as defined in Section 3(a)(1)(A) or 3(a)(1)(C). 
 41 

The operations of many of our wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries are generally conducted so that they are exempted from investment company status in reliance upon Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. Our interests in those subsidiaries do not constitute "investment securities" for purposes of Section 3(a)(1)(C). Section 3(c)(5)(C) exempts from the definition of "investment company" entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. The staff of the SEC generally requires an entity relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to invest at least 55 of its portfolio in "qualifying assets" (the 55 test and at least another 25 in additional qualifying assets or in "real estate-related" assets (the 80 test (with no more than 20 comprised of miscellaneous assets). To the extent that our direct subsidiaries qualify only for either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) exemptions from the Investment Company Act, we limit our holdings in those kinds of entities so that, together with other investment securities, we satisfy the 40 test. Although we continuously monitor our and our subsidiaries portfolios on an ongoing basis to determine compliance with that test, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the exemptions from registration for us and each of our subsidiaries. 
 
 The method we use to classify our and our subsidiaries assets for purposes of the Investment Company Act is based in large measure upon no-action positions taken by the SEC staff. These no-action positions were issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations we may face, and a number of these no-action positions were issued decades ago. No assurance can be given that the SEC or its staff will concur with our classification of our or our subsidiaries assets. In August 2011, the SEC solicited public comment on a wide range of issues relating to Section 3(c)(5)(C), including the nature of the assets that qualify for purposes of the exemption and leverage used by mortgage-related vehicles. There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the Investment Company Act status of companies primarily owning real estate-related assets, including more specific or different guidance regarding these exemptions from the SEC, will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations. To the extent of such additional guidance regarding Section 3(c)(5)(C) or any of the other matters bearing upon the definition of investment company and the exceptions to that definition, we may be required to adjust our investment strategy accordingly. 
 
 Qualification for exemption from the definition of an investment company under the Investment Company Act limits our ability to make certain investments. For example, these restrictions limit our and our subsidiaries ability to invest directly in mortgage-related securities that represent less than the entire ownership in a pool of mortgage loans, debt and equity tranches of securitizations, certain real estate companies or assets not related to real estate. If we fail to qualify for these exemptions, or the SEC determines that companies that invest in RMBS are no longer able to rely on these exemptions, we could be required to restructure our activities in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so, or we may be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Either of these outcomes could negatively affect the value of shares of our stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 If we were required to register with the CFTC as a Commodity Pool Operator, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the CFTC, was given jurisdiction over the regulation of swaps. Under rules implemented by the CFTC, companies that utilize swaps as part of their business model, including many mortgage REITs, may be deemed to fall within the statutory definition of Commodity Pool Operator, or CPO, and, absent relief from the CFTC s Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight, may be required to register with the CFTC as a CPO. As a result of numerous requests for no-action relief from CPO registration, in December 2012 the CFTC issued no-action relief entitled "No-Action Relief from the Commodity Pool Operator Registration Requirement for Commodity Pool Operators of Certain Pooled Investment Vehicles Organized as Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts," which permits a CPO to receive relief from registration requirements by filing a claim stating that the CPO meets the criteria specified in the no-action letter. We submitted a claim for relief within the required time period and believe we meet the criteria for such relief. There can be no assurance, however, that the CFTC will not modify or withdraw the no-action letter in the future or that we will be able to continue to satisfy the criteria specified in the no-action letter in order to qualify for relief from CPO registration. If we were required to register as a CPO in the future or change our business model to ensure that we can continue to satisfy the requirements of the no-action relief, it could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to operate our business. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit a change in our control. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or the MGCL, may have the effect of inhibiting a third-party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in our control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then prevailing market price of such shares. 
 
 42 

We are subject to the "business combination" provisions of the MGCL that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an "interested stockholder" (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and, thereafter, imposes special stockholder voting requirements to approve these combinations unless the consideration being received by common stockholders satisfies certain conditions. Pursuant to the statute, our Board of Directors has, by resolution, exempted business combinations between us and any other person, provided that the business combination is first approved by our Board of Directors. This resolution, however, may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time. 
 The "control share" provisions of the MGCL provide that a holder of "control shares" of a Maryland corporation (defined as shares which, when aggregated with all other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in the election of directors) acquired in a "control share acquisition" (defined as the acquisition of "control shares," subject to certain exceptions) has no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding votes entitled to be cast by the acquirer of control shares, and by our officers and our directors who are also our employees. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated in the future. 
 The "unsolicited takeover" provisions of the MGCL permit our Board of Directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, such as a classified board, some of which we do not yet have. 
 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited, which could limit your recourse in the event of actions taken not in your best interest. 
 
 Our charter limits the liability of our present and former directors and officers to us and to our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Under current Maryland law, our present and former directors and officers will not have any liability to us or our stockholders for money damages other than liability resulting from: 
 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. 
 
 Our charter authorizes us, and our bylaws require us, to indemnify, and advance expenses to, each present and former director or officer, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service to us. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our present and former directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in our charter and bylaws or that might exist with other companies. 

Other Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Investing in our common stock may involve a high degree of risk. Investors in our common stock may experience losses, volatility, and poor liquidity, and we may reduce our dividends in a variety of circumstances. 
 
 An investment in our common stock may involve a high degree of risk, particularly when compared to other types of investments. Risks related to the economy, the financial markets, our industry, our investing activity, our other business activities, our financial results, the amount of dividends we pay, the manner in which we conduct our business, and the way we have structured our operations could result in a reduction in, or the elimination of, the value of our common stock. The level of risk associated with an investment in our common stock may not be suitable for the risk tolerance of many investors. Investors may experience volatile returns and material losses. In addition, the trading volume of our common stock (i.e., its liquidity) may be insufficient to allow investors to sell their common stock when they want to or at a price they consider reasonable. Further, limited liquidity in the trading market for our common stock could adversely impact our ability to raise capital through future equity offerings that we may pursue in order to continue to grow our business. 
 
 Our earnings, cash flows, book value, and dividends can be volatile and difficult to predict. Investors in our common stock should not rely on our estimates, projections, or predictions, or on management s beliefs about future events. In particular, the sustainability of our earnings and our cash flows will depend on numerous factors, including our level of business and investment activity, our access to debt and equity financing, the returns we earn, the amount and timing of credit losses, 
 43 

prepayments, the expense of running our business, and other factors, including the risk factors described herein. As a consequence, although we seek to pay a regular common stock dividend that is sustainable, we may reduce our regular dividend rate, or stop paying dividends, in the future for a variety of reasons. We may not provide public warnings of dividend reductions prior to their occurrence. Changes to the amount of dividends we pay may result in a reduction in the value of our common stock. 
 
 Future sales of our common stock by us or by our officers and directors may have adverse consequences for investors. 
 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of common stock, in public offerings or private placements, and holders of our outstanding convertible notes or exchangeable securities may convert those securities into shares of common stock. In addition, we may issue additional shares of common stock to participants in any direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plan we may establish and to our directors, officers, and employees of our Manager under any employee stock purchase plan we may establish, our equity incentive plan, or other similar plans, including upon the exercise of, or in respect of, distributions on equity awards previously granted thereunder. We are not required to offer any such shares to existing shareholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, it may not be possible for existing shareholders to participate in future share issuances, which may dilute existing shareholders interests in us. In addition, if market participants buy shares of common stock, or securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of common stock, in issuances by us in the future, it may reduce or eliminate any purchases of our common stock they might otherwise make in the open market, which in turn could have the effect of reducing the volume of shares of our common stock traded in the marketplace, which could have the effect of reducing the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 
 
 As of February 22, 2023, our directors, executive officers and our Manager beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 4.9 of our common stock (including approximately 3.5 held by our directors and executive officers). Sales of shares of our common stock by our directors and officers are generally required to be publicly reported and are tracked by many market participants as a factor in making their own investment decisions. As a result, future sales by these individuals or our Manager could negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 
 We are generally required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (excluding net capital gain and without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) each year for us to qualify as a REIT under the Code, which requirement we have historically satisfied through quarterly distributions of all or substantially all of our REIT taxable income in such year, subject to certain adjustments. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared 18.2 million of cash dividends on our common stock, representing aggregate dividends of 0.81 per share. However, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, during 2020, we suspended dividends to stockholders beginning in the first quarter 2020 and resumed dividends to stockholders in the fourth quarter 2020. As a result, for 2020, cash dividends declared on our common stock were 1.2 million, representing aggregate dividends of 0.09 per share. 
 
 Our ability to continue to pay quarterly dividends in the future may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this report. Further, we may consider paying future dividends, if at all, in shares of common stock, cash, or a combination of shares of common stock and cash. Any decision regarding the composition of such dividends would be made following an analysis and review of our liquidity, including our cash balances and cash flows, at the time of payment of the dividend. For example, we may determine to distribute shares of common stock in lieu of cash, or in combination with cash, in respect of our dividend obligations, which, among other things, could result in dilution to existing stockholders. 
 
 Under IRS guidance, publicly offered REITs (i.e., REITs required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act) are also permitted to make elective cash/stock dividends (i.e., dividends paid in a mixture of stock and cash), with a minimum percentage of the total distribution being paid in cash, to satisfy their REIT distribution requirements. Taxable stockholders receiving such distributions will be required to include the full amount of the distribution as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, common stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the common stock that it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sale proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. stockholders, we or the applicable withholding agent may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in 
 44 

common stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and holders of our common stock could lose all or a significant portion of their investment due to drops in the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. Our stockholders may not be able to resell their common stock at or above the implied price at which they acquired such common stock or otherwise due to fluctuations in the market price of our common stock, including changes in market price caused by factors unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. Additionally, volatility and other factors may induce stockholder activism, which has been increasing in publicly traded companies in recent years, and could materially disrupt our business, operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Specific factors that may have a significant effect on the market price of our common stock include, among others, the following: 
 
 Our actual or anticipated financial condition, performance, and prospects and those of our competitors. 
 
 The market for similar securities issued by other REITs and other competitors of ours. 
 
 Changes in the manner that investors and securities analysts who provide research to the marketplace on us analyze the value of our common stock. 
 
 Changes in recommendations or in estimated financial results published by securities analysts who provide research to the marketplace on us, our competitors, or our industry. 
 
 General economic and financial market conditions, including, among other things, actual and projected interest rates, prepayments, and credit performance and the markets for the types of assets we hold or invest in. 
 
 Changes in our dividend policy. 
 
 Proposals to significantly change the manner in which financial markets, financial institutions, and related industries, or financial products are regulated under applicable law, or the enactment of such proposals into law or regulation. 
 
 Reactions to public announcements by us. 
 
 Sales of common stock by us, our Manager, members of our management team or significant stockholders. 
 
 Other events or circumstances which undermine confidence in the financial markets or otherwise have a broad impact on financial markets, such as the sudden instability or collapse of large financial institutions or other significant corporations (whether due to fraud or other factors), terrorist attacks, natural or man-made disasters, the outbreak of pandemic or epidemic disease, or threatened or actual armed conflicts. 
 
 Furthermore, these fluctuations do not always relate directly to the financial performance of the companies for which stock prices may be affected. As a result of these and other factors, investors who own our common stock could experience a decrease in the value of their investment, including decreases unrelated to our financial results or prospects. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not own any real estate or other physical property materially important to our operations. Our principal executive offices are located at 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10167. Our telephone number is (212) 692-2000. 
 
 45 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are at times subject to various legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, we can be and are involved in governmental and regulatory examinations, information gathering requests, investigations and proceedings. As of the date of this report, we are not party to any litigation or legal proceedings, or to our knowledge, any threatened litigation or legal proceedings, which we believe, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 46 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market and dividend information 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "MITT." As of February 17, 2023, there were 21,208,757 shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 37 registered holders of our common stock. The 37 holders of record include Cede Co., which holds shares as nominee for The Depository Trust Company, which itself holds shares on behalf of the beneficial owners of our common stock. Such information was obtained through our registrar and transfer agent, based on the results of a broker search. 
 
 The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sale price of our common stock as reported on the NYSE and the dividends declared per share of our common stock. All per share amounts below have been adjusted to reflect the one-for-three reverse stock split effected July 22, 2021. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 High Sales Price Low Sales Price High Sales Price Low Sales Price First Quarter 10.68 8.48 14.88 8.31 Second Quarter 9.42 6.15 14.85 10.61 Third Quarter 8.39 4.05 13.05 9.81 Fourth Quarter 6.53 3.52 13.49 9.94 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Cash Dividend Per Share Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Cash Dividend Per Share 3/18/2022 3/31/2022 4/29/2022 0.21 3/22/2021 4/1/2021 4/30/2021 0.18 6/15/2022 6/30/2022 7/29/2022 0.21 6/15/2021 6/30/2021 7/30/2021 0.21 9/15/2022 9/30/2022 10/31/2022 0.21 9/15/2021 9/30/2021 10/29/2021 0.21 12/19/2022 12/30/2022 1/31/2023 0.18 12/15/2021 12/31/2021 1/31/2022 0.21 Total 0.81 Total 0.81 
 
 Although we intend to continue to declare quarterly dividends, no assurances can be made as to the amount of any future dividend. We have not established a minimum dividend payment level and our ability to pay dividends may be adversely affected for the reasons described under the caption "Risk Factors," among others. The declaration of any future dividends by us is within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon, among other things, our earnings, our financial condition, Maryland law, and our capital requirements, as well as any other factor deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. Two principal factors in determining the amounts of dividends are (i) the requirement of the Code that a real estate investment trust distribute to shareholders at least 90 of its real estate investment trust taxable income and (ii) the amount of our available cash. 
 
 47 

Repurchase Program 
 
 On August 3, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to 15.0 million of the Company's outstanding common stock. The Board's authorization does not have an expiration date. The following table presents information related to our purchases of common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased Weighted Average Price Paid per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Approximate Dollar Value that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (2) October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 74,187 4.32 74,187 12,340,308 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 348,507 5.59 348,507 10,393,064 December 1, 2022 to December 30, 2022 430,233 5.99 430,233 7,817,003 Total 852,927 5.68 852,927 7,817,003 
 (1) Based on trade date. 
 (2) Includes brokerage commissions and clearing fees. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in this report. 
 
 Our company 
 
 We are a residential mortgage REIT with a focus on investing in a diversified risk-adjusted portfolio of residential mortgage-related assets in the U.S. mortgage market. Our objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders over the long-term, primarily through dividends and capital appreciation. 
 
 We focus our investment activities primarily on acquiring and securitizing newly-originated residential mortgage loans within the non-agency segment of the housing market. We obtain our assets through Arc Home, LLC ("Arc Home"), our residential mortgage loan originator in which we own an approximate 44.6 interest, and through other third-party origination partners. We finance our acquired loans through various financing lines on a short-term basis and utilize Angelo, Gordon Co., L.P.'s ("Angelo Gordon") proprietary securitization platform to secure long-term, non-recourse, non-mark-to-market financing as market conditions permit. Through our ownership in Arc Home, we also have exposure to mortgage banking activities. Arc Home is a multi-channel licensed mortgage originator and servicer primarily engaged in the business of originating and selling residential mortgage loans while retaining the mortgage servicing rights associated with certain loans that it originates. 
 
 Our investment portfolio (which excludes our ownership in Arc Home) includes Residential Investments and Agency RMBS. Currently, our Residential Investments primarily consist of newly originated Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans, which we refer to as our target assets. In addition, we may also invest in other types of residential mortgage loans and other mortgage related assets. 
 
 We were incorporated in Maryland on March 1, 2011 and commenced operations in July 2011. We conduct our operations to qualify and be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders as long as we maintain our intended qualification as a REIT, with the exception of business conducted in our domestic taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs") which are subject to corporate income tax. We also operate our business in a manner that permits us to maintain our exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 We are externally managed by our Manager, an affiliate of Angelo Gordon, pursuant to a management agreement. Our Manager has delegated to Angelo Gordon the overall responsibility of its day-to-day duties and obligations arising under the 
 48 

management agreement. Angelo Gordon is a leading privately-held alternative investment firm focusing on credit and real estate strategies. 
 
 Executive summary 
 
 During 2022, we continued to grow our portfolio of newly-originated residential mortgage loans and completed eight securitizations in order to obtain long-term, non-recourse financing without mark-to-market margin calls. We also utilized excess liquidity to make accretive common stock repurchases throughout the year. We ended 2022 with 86.7 million of liquidity to provide for continued growth and execution of our business strategy. See below for additional detail related to these activities occurring during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Investment Activity 
 
 Purchased Non-Agency Loans with a fair value of 1.6 billion, 0.9 billion of which were purchased from Arc Home, our residential mortgage loan originator in which we own an approximate 44.6 interest; 
 Purchased Agency-Eligible Loans with a fair value of 1.0 billion, 0.2 billion of which were purchased from Arc Home; 
 Reduced the size of our Agency RMBS through net sales of 428.2 million; and 
 Sold certain Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans with a fair value of 53.8 million; 
 As of December 31, 2022, 65.0 million of loans were classified as held for sale, and subsequently sold in January 2023 for gross proceeds from Non-Agency Loans of 46.9 million and gross proceeds of 18.5 million Agency-Eligible Loans. 
 
 Financing Activity 
 
 Executed eight rated securitizations converting recourse financing with mark-to-market margin calls to non-recourse financing without mark-to-market margin calls; 
 Securitized Non-Agency Loans with a total unpaid principal balance of 2.1 billion; and 
 Securitized Agency-Eligible Loans with a total unpaid principal balance of 1.3 billion; 
 Subsequent to year end, executed a rated securitization of Non-Agency Loans with a total unpaid principal balance of 271.2 million. 
 
 Capital Activity 
 
 Utilized the remaining capacity under our 2015 Repurchase Program and our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program (the "2022 Repurchase Program") to repurchase up to 15.0 million of our outstanding common stock; 
 Repurchased 2.7 million shares of common stock for 18.2 million, representing a weighted average cost of 6.82 per share; and 
 Subsequent to year end, repurchased 0.1 million shares of common stock for 0.5 million, representing a weighted average cost of 5.66 per share; 
 As of February 17, 2023, the remaining amount authorized under our repurchase program is 7.3 million. 
 
 Presentation of investment, financing and hedging activities 
 
 In the "Investment activities," "Financing activities," "Hedging activities" and "Liquidity and capital resources" sections of this Part II, Item 7, we present information on our investment portfolio and the related financing arrangements inclusive of unconsolidated ownership interests in affiliates that are accounted for under GAAP using the equity method. Our investment portfolio excludes our investment in Arc Home. 
 
 Our investment portfolio and the related financing arrangements are presented along with a reconciliation to GAAP. This presentation of our investment portfolio is consistent with how our management team evaluates the business, and we believe this presentation, when considered with the GAAP presentation, provides supplemental information useful for investors in evaluating our investment portfolio and financial condition. See Notes 2 and 10 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial 
 49 

Statements" for a discussion of investments in debt and equity of affiliates. See below for further terms used when describing our investment portfolio. 
 
 Our "Investment portfolio" includes our Residential Investments and Agency RMBS, inclusive of TBAs. 
 Our "Residential Investments" refer to our residential mortgage loans and Non-Agency RMBS. 
 "Residential mortgage loans" or "Loans" refer to our Non-Agency Loans, Agency-Eligible Loans, and Re/Non-Performing Loans (exclusive of retained tranches from unconsolidated securitizations) and Land Related Financing. 
 "Non-Agency RMBS" refer to the retained tranches from unconsolidated securitizations of Non-Agency Loans and Re/Non-Performing Loans, as well as Agency-Eligible Loans held in securitized form. 
 "Real estate securities" refers to our Non-Agency RMBS and Agency RMBS, inclusive of TBAs. 
 Our "GAAP Investment portfolio" includes our GAAP Residential Investments and Agency RMBS. 
 Our "GAAP Residential Investments" refer to our Residential Investments excluding investments held within affiliated entities. 
 
 For a reconciliation of our Investment portfolio to our GAAP Investment portfolio, see the GAAP Investment Portfolio Reconciliation Table below. 
 
 Market Conditions 
 
 During 2022, the financial markets experienced significant volatility in managing the impacts of inflation, elevated interest rate volatility, market uncertainty from geopolitical risks, and the lingering impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Market participants saw benchmark rates continue to rise throughout the year coupled with the widening of credit spreads across various asset classes. According to Freddie Mac s Primary Mortgage Market Survey, the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage ended the fourth quarter at 6.42 , declining slightly from its multi-decade high in the third quarter but up over 300 basis points from a year ago. This has driven home ownership affordability and mortgage prepayments to historical lows. As a result, housing and residential debt sectors remained challenged for most of 2022 with new issuance of RMBS falling and full-year origination volume expected to have nearly halved in 2022, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association. 
 
 While credit spreads continued to widen at the start of the fourth quarter, they began experiencing notable tightening in the latter half of the quarter and into January 2023, providing some relief to the securitization markets. Trends in credit spreads on Credit risk transfer ("CRT") assets are generally utilized by market participants as a proxy for evaluating credit related assets given the observability of transactions. CRT tranches tightened by 30 to 60 basis points during the quarter. In addition, Senior Non-QM spreads, which impacts our securitization business, tightened 50 to 60 basis points. Despite this tightening, CRT and Non-QM spreads ended the year materially wider than one year ago. Tranches in the middle of the CRT structure were approximately 300 to 350 basis points wider, while lower tranches were as much as 500 to 600 basis points wider than at the end of 2021. Senior Non-QM tranches were more than 100 basis points wider, and BB Non-QM tranches were approximately 370 basis points wider than a year ago. 
 
 Nominal spreads on Agency mortgage-backed securities tightened sharply during the fourth quarter. The Federal Reserve began to signal a deceleration of its aggressive campaign to tighten policy rates, helping to moderate implied interest rate volatility off peak levels of the last decade that had been weighing on mortgage asset valuations. When combined with subdued supply and an underweight investor base, the spread between current coupon and a blend of 5-year and 10-year U.S. Treasury yields tightened by 27 basis points during the fourth quarter of 2022. Despite the performance during the quarter, this spread remains roughly 77 basis point wider year-over-year as considerable uncertainty remains over the broad macroeconomic backdrop. 
 
 New RMBS issuance for the quarter fell sharply to 5.4 billion, down from 26 billion in the third quarter and 64 billion a year ago. Non-QM, Jumbo/Agency-Eligible and CRT issuance was 127 billion for the full year, approximately 40 lower compared to 2021. Issuances in 2021 were elevated due to 4.4 trillion of mortgage origination volume during the year resulting from a large refinance wave coupled with postponed issuances from 2020. The decline in originations in 2022 contributed to less securitization activity, where it was most apparent in Jumbo/Agency-Eligible which was down approximately 66 in 2022 as compared to 2021. Originators continue to face considerable margin pressure with the significant reduction in non-cash out refinance activity, resulting in right-sizing across the industry. Conversely, the increase in mortgage rates on new production should provide for attractive reinvestment opportunities into higher yielding assets for market participants with capital available to deploy. 
 
 The October reading of the S P/CoreLogic Case-Shiller Index fell 0.53 , bringing national home prices to 7 higher this year through October 2022. As negative monthly home price readings have persisted since July, this reading marked the fourth consecutive month of falling prices, totaling a decrease of approximately 3 , reversing some of the strong gains made in the 
 50 

first half of 2022. Housing activity declined in 2022 with fewer new listings and pending sales, and buyers were slower to transact as the year continued given home ownership affordability set a new low in June 2022. However, homeowners are likely better positioned to weather a decrease in home prices compared to the mid-2000s given the significant appreciation recognized in recent years, leaving households with substantial equity. In addition, most new mortgage debt has been originated under tighter underwriting guidelines to borrowers with prime credit scores. 
 
 In light of various market uncertainties for the U.S. and global economy, geopolitical risks, and interest rate volatility, there can be no assurance that the trends and conditions described above will not change in a manner materially adverse to the mortgage REIT industry and/or our Company. 
 
 Book value and Adjusted book value per share 
 
 The below table details book value and adjusted book value per common share. Per share amounts for book value are calculated using all outstanding common shares in accordance with GAAP as of quarter-end. 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Book value per common share 11.39 14.64 Net proceeds of preferred stock less liquidation preference of preferred stock per common share (1) (0.36) (0.32) Adjusted book value per common share 11.03 14.32 
 (1) Book value per common share is calculated using stockholders equity less net proceeds of 220.5 million on our issued and outstanding preferred stock as the numerator. Adjusted book value per common share is calculated using stockholders equity less the liquidation preference of 228.0 million on our issued and outstanding preferred stock as the numerator. 
 
 Results of Operations for the Fiscal Year 2022 and 2021 
 
 Our operating results can be affected by a number of factors and primarily depend on the size and composition of our investment portfolio, the level of our net interest income, the fair value of our assets and the supply of, and demand for, our investments in residential mortgage loans in the marketplace, among other things, which can be impacted by unanticipated credit events, such as defaults, liquidations or delinquencies, experienced by borrowers whose residential mortgage loans are included in our investment portfolio and other unanticipated events in our markets. Our primary source of net income or loss available to common stockholders is our net interest income, less our cost of hedging, which represents the difference between the interest earned on our investment portfolio and the costs of financing and economic hedges in place on our investment portfolio, as well as any income or losses from our equity investments in affiliates. 

51 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The table below presents certain information from our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Year Ended Increase/(Decrease) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Statement of Operations Data: Net Interest Income Interest income 180,303 70,662 109,641 Interest expense 118,918 27,250 91,668 Total Net Interest Income 61,385 43,412 17,973 Other Income/(Loss) Net interest component of interest rate swaps (4,922) (4,862) (60) Net realized gain/(loss) 81,389 1,698 79,691 Net unrealized gain/(loss) (137,634) 62,699 (200,333) Other income/(loss), net 37 (37) Total Other Income/(Loss) (61,167) 59,572 (120,739) Expenses Management fee to affiliate 8,096 6,814 1,282 Non-investment related expenses 9,292 9,745 (453) Investment related expenses 9,198 6,800 2,398 Transaction related expenses 16,474 7,328 9,146 Total Expenses 43,060 30,687 12,373 Income/(loss) before equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates (42,842) 72,297 (115,139) Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates (10,258) 31,889 (42,147) Net Income/(Loss) (53,100) 104,186 (157,286) Gain on Exchange Offers, net 472 (472) Dividends on preferred stock (18,344) (18,785) 441 Net Income/(Loss) Available to Common Stockholders (71,444) 85,873 (157,317) 
 
 Interest income 
 
 Interest income is calculated using the effective interest method for our GAAP investment portfolio. 
 
 Interest income increased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily due to an increase in the size of our portfolio resulting from purchases of Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans during the period. The following table presents a summary of the weighted average amortized cost of and the weighted average yield on our GAAP investment portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in millions). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Weighted average amortized cost of our GAAP investment portfolio 
 4,001 1,955 2,046 Weighted average yield on our GAAP investment portfolio 4.51 3.61 0.90 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense is calculated based on the actual financing rate and the outstanding financing balance, inclusive of our financing arrangements and securitized debt, on our GAAP investment portfolio. 
 
 52 

Interest expense increased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 due to an increase in the amount of financing on our GAAP investment portfolio primarily resulting from the issuance of 3.0 billion of securitized debt in 2022. Additionally, there was an increase in the weighted average financing rate during the period resulting from increased interest rates during 2022. The following table presents a summary of the weighted average financing balance and the weighted average financing rate on our GAAP investment portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in millions). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Weighted average GAAP financing balance 
 3,655 1,712 1,943 Weighted average financing rate on our GAAP investment portfolio 3.25 1.59 1.66 
 
 Net interest component of interest rate swaps 
 
 Net interest component of interest rate swaps represents the net interest income received or expense paid on our interest rate swaps. 
 
 The net interest component of interest rate swap expense increased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily due to an increase in the weighted average swap notional value, which was offset by a reduction in the net pay rate as interest rates rose throughout 2022. The following table presents a summary of the weighted average swap notional value for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in millions). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Weighted average swap notional 
 934 848 86 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our interest rate swap portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in millions). 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Interest rate swap notional value 
 335.0 888.5 (553.5) Weighted average receive-variable rate 
 4.30 0.15 4.15 Weighted average pay-fix rate 
 2.77 0.85 1.92 
 
 Net realized gain/(loss) 
 
 The following table presents a summary of Net realized gain/(loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). The realized gain during the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by unwinding pay-fix, receive-variable interest rate swaps which were previously held at unrealized gains as a result of rising interest rates. This was offset by realized losses on sales of Agency RMBS and residential mortgage loans. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Sales of residential mortgage loans and loans transferred to or sold from Other assets (2,958) 6,374 Sales of real estate securities (34,504) (6,088) Settlement of derivatives and other instruments 118,851 3,930 Sales of commercial loans (2,518) Total Net realized gain/(loss) 81,389 1,698 
 
 53 

Net unrealized gain/(loss) 
 
 The following table presents a summary of Net unrealized gain/(loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). During the year ended December 31, 2022, unrealized losses on residential mortgage loans and unrealized gains on securitized debt were the result of rising interest rates and credit spread widening during the period. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Residential mortgage loans (539,987) 25,018 Real estate securities 3,010 (2,648) Securitized debt 401,467 3,529 Derivatives (2,124) 19,137 Commercial loans 16,148 Excess mortgage servicing rights 1,515 Total Net unrealized gain/(loss) (137,634) 62,699 
 
 Management fee to affiliate 
 
 Our management fee is based upon a percentage of our Stockholders Equity. See the "Contractual obligations" section of this Part II, Item 7 for further detail on the calculation of our management fee and for the definition of Stockholders Equity. Management fees increased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily due to an increase in our Stockholders Equity as calculated pursuant to our Management Agreement resulting from our November 2021 common stock offering. 
 
 Non-investment related expenses 
 
 Non-investment related expenses is primarily comprised of professional fees, directors and officers ("D O") insurance, directors compensation, and certain non-investment related expenses reimbursable to the Manager. We are required to reimburse our Manager or its affiliates for operating expenses incurred by our Manager or its affiliates on our behalf, including certain compensation expenses and other expenses relating to legal, accounting, and other services. Refer to the "Contractual obligations" section below for more detail on certain expenses reimbursable to the Manager. The following table presents a summary of our non-investment related expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Affiliate reimbursement (1) 4,646 4,322 Professional Fees 1,993 2,409 D O insurance 1,236 1,465 Directors' compensation 681 672 Other 736 877 Total Non-investment related expenses 9,292 9,745 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Manager agreed to waive its right to receive expense reimbursements of 1.5 million and 0.8 million, respectively. 

54 

Investment related expenses 
 
 Investment related expenses is primarily comprised of servicing fees, asset management fees, and certain investment related expenses reimbursable to the Manager. We are required to reimburse our Manager or its affiliates for operating expenses incurred by our Manager or its affiliates on our behalf associated with our investment portfolio. The following table presents a summary of our investment related expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Affiliate reimbursement 755 1,157 Servicing fees (1) 4,030 3,188 Residential mortgage loan asset management fees (1) 2,595 1,549 Trustee and bank fees 998 250 Other 820 656 Total Investment related expenses 9,198 6,800 
 (1) We incur servicing fees and asset management fees in connection with our residential mortgage loans. These expenses increased from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to an increase in our GAAP residential mortgage loan portfolio. The weighted average cost of our GAAP residential mortgage loan portfolio increased by 2.7 billion from 1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulting from purchases of Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans. 
 
 Transaction related expenses 
 
 Transaction related expenses are expenses associated with purchasing and securitizing residential mortgage loans as well as certain other transaction and performance related fees associated with assets we invest in. These fees increased from the year ended December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily as a result of the upfront expenses on the eight securitizations completed during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with upfront expenses on three securitizations completed during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates 
 
 Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates represents our share of earnings and profits of investments held within affiliated entities. Substantially all of these investments are comprised of real estate securities, loans, and our investment in AG Arc which holds our investment in Arc Home. The below tables summarize the components of the "Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates" line item on our consolidated statements of operations (in thousands). 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 MATT Non-QM Loans (1) 1,261 12,594 Land Related Financing 1,621 2,455 Other (2) 594 13,159 AG Arc (3) (13,734) 3,681 Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates 
 (10,258) 31,889 
 (1) The earnings within MATT for the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily the result of net interest income offset by realized losses on its Non-QM Loan portfolio. The earnings within MATT for the year ended December 31, 2021 were primarily the result of mark-to-market gains on its Non-QM Loan portfolio and net interest income, offset by expenses. 
 (2) The earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021 were primarily the result of accelerated accretion as a result of paydowns on certain Re/Non-Performing Loans held at discounts. 
 (3) Refer to the table below for a breakout of changes in earnings from AG Arc. 
 55 

The below table further disaggregates our "Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates" line item on our consolidated statements of operations (in thousands). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Interest income (1) 6,670 26,963 Interest expense 1,232 2,200 Total Net Interest Income 5,438 24,763 Net realized gain/(loss) (1,191) 1,938 Net unrealized gain/(loss) (293) 3,298 Total Other Income/(Loss) (1,484) 5,236 After-tax earnings/(loss) at AG Arc (2) (2,135) 8,370 Net unrealized gain/(loss) on investment in AG Arc (3) (5,567) 617 Elimination of gains on loans sold to MITT (4) (6,032) (5,306) Total AG Arc Earnings/(Loss) (13,734) 3,681 Other operating expenses 478 1,791 Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates 
 (10,258) 31,889 
 (1) Interest income decreased from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of a smaller portfolio held through our investments in debt and equity of affiliates during 2022. Additionally, interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes accelerated accretion resulting from paydowns on certain Re/Non-Performing Loans held at discounts. 
 (2) The earnings/(loss) at AG Arc during the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily the result of (5.5) million of losses related to Arc Home's lending and servicing operations, offset by 3.4 million related to changes in the fair value of the MSR portfolio held by Arc Home. The earnings/(loss) at AG Arc during the year ended December 31, 2021 were primarily the result of 10.7 million of net income related to Arc Home's lending and servicing operations, offset by (2.3) million related to changes in the fair value of the MSR portfolio held by Arc Home. 
 (3) Our investment in AG Arc was valued at 0.94x book value as of December 31, 2022 compared with 1.06x book value as of December 31, 2021. This resulted in unrealized losses during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (4) The earnings recognized by AG Arc do not include our portion of gains recorded by Arc Home in connection with the sale of residential mortgage loans to us. Refer to Note 2 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for more information on this accounting policy. 
 
 Gain on Exchange Offers, net 
 
 We did not complete any exchange offers during the year ended December 31, 2022. We completed two privately negotiated exchange offers during the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result of the exchange offers, we exchanged 153,325 shares of our 8.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock"), 437,087 shares of our 8.00 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series B Preferred Stock"), and 154,383 shares of our 8.000 Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series C Preferred Stock") (collectively, "preferred stock") for a total of 1,367,264 shares of common stock. We recognized a gain of 0.5 million in connection with the offers. 
 
 Net interest margin and leverage ratio 
 
 Net interest margin and leverage ratio are metrics that management believes should be considered when evaluating the performance of our investment portfolio. 
 
 GAAP net interest margin and non-GAAP net interest margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, are calculated by subtracting the weighted average cost of funds from the weighted average yield for our GAAP investment portfolio and our investment portfolio, respectively. The weighted average yield represents an effective interest rate on our cost basis, which utilizes all estimates of future cash flows and adjusts for actual prepayment and cash flow activity as of quarter-end. The calculation of weighted average yield is weighted on fair value at quarter-end. The weighted average cost of funds is the sum of the weighted average funding costs on total financing arrangements outstanding at quarter-end, including all non-recourse financing arrangements, and our weighted average hedging cost, which is the weighted average of the net pay or receive rates on our 
 56 

interest rate swaps. GAAP and non-GAAP cost of funds are weighted by the outstanding financing arrangements on our GAAP investment portfolio and our investment portfolio, respectively, and the fair value of securitized debt at quarter-end. 
 
 Our leverage ratio is determined by our portfolio mix as well as many additional factors, including the liquidity of our portfolio, the availability and price of our financing, the available capacity to finance our assets, and anticipated regulatory developments. See the "Financing activities" section below for more detail on our leverage ratio. 
 
 The table below sets forth the net interest margin and leverage ratio on our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and a reconciliation to the net interest margin and leverage ratio on our GAAP investment portfolio. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Weighted Average GAAP Investment Portfolio Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates Investment Portfolio (a) Yield 4.99 18.05 5.14 Cost of Funds (b)(c) 4.31 5.19 4.31 Net Interest Margin 0.68 12.86 0.83 Leverage Ratio (d) 8.4x (e) 1.3x 
 December 31, 2021 Weighted Average GAAP Investment Portfolio Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates Investment Portfolio (a) Yield 3.72 9.21 3.84 Cost of Funds (b)(c) 2.06 3.41 2.08 Net Interest Margin 1.66 5.80 1.76 Leverage Ratio (d) 4.9x (e) 2.4x 
 (a) Excludes any net TBA positions. 
 (b) Includes cost of non-recourse financing arrangements. 
 (c) Cost of Funds includes the cost (interest expense) or benefit (interest income) from our interest rate hedges. The benefit of hedging as of December 31, 2022 was 0.13 and the cost of hedging as of December 31, 2021 was 0.22 . 
 (d) The leverage ratio on our GAAP Investment Portfolio represents GAAP leverage. The leverage ratio on our investment portfolio represents Economic Leverage as defined below in the "Financing Activities" section. 
 (e) Refer to the "Financing activities" section below for an aggregate breakout of leverage. 
 
 Earnings Available for Distribution 
 
 One of our objectives is to generate net income from net interest margin on the portfolio, and management uses Earnings Available for Distribution ("EAD"), as one of several metrics, to help measure our performance against this objective. EAD replaces our prior presentation of Core Earnings with no changes to the definition. Management believes that this non-GAAP measure, when considered with our GAAP financial statements, provides supplemental information useful for investors to help evaluate our financial performance. However, management also believes that our definition of EAD has important limitations as it does not include certain earnings or losses our management team considers in evaluating our financial performance. Our presentation of EAD may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures of other companies, who may use different calculations. This non-GAAP measure should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, Net Income/(loss) available to common stockholders or Net income/(loss) per diluted common share calculated in accordance with GAAP. Our GAAP financial results and the reconciliations from these results should be carefully evaluated. 
 
 We define EAD, a non-GAAP financial measure, as Net Income/(loss) available to common stockholders excluding (i) (a) unrealized gains/(losses) on loans, real estate securities, derivatives and other investments, inclusive of our investment in AG Arc, and (b) net realized gains/(losses) on the sale or termination of such instruments, (ii) any transaction related expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition, disposition, or securitization of our investments, (iii) accrued deal-related performance fees payable to third party operators to the extent the primary component of the accrual relates to items that are excluded from EAD, such as unrealized and realized gains/(losses), (iv) realized and unrealized changes in the fair value of Arc Home's net mortgage servicing rights and the derivatives intended to offset changes in the fair value of those net mortgage servicing rights, (v) deferred taxes recognized at our taxable REIT subsidiaries, if any, and (vi) any gains/(losses) associated with exchange transactions on our common and preferred stock. Items (i) through (vi) above include any amount related to those items held in affiliated entities. Management considers the transaction related expenses referenced in (ii) above to be similar to realized losses incurred at the acquisition, disposition, or securitization of an asset and does not view them as being part of its core operations. Management views the exclusion described in (iv) above to be consistent with how it calculates EAD on the remainder of its portfolio. Management excludes all deferred taxes because it believes deferred taxes are not 
 57 

representative of current operations. EAD include the net interest income and other income earned on our investments on a yield adjusted basis, including TBA dollar roll income/(loss) or any other investment activity that may earn or pay net interest or its economic equivalent. 
 
 A reconciliation of "Net Income/(loss) available to common stockholders" to EAD for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is set forth below (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Net Income/(loss) available to common stockholders (71,444) 85,873 Add (Deduct): Net realized (gain)/loss (81,389) (1,698) Net unrealized (gain)/loss 137,634 (62,699) Transaction related expenses and deal related performance fees (1) 17,162 8,558 Equity in (earnings)/loss from affiliates 10,258 (31,889) EAD from equity method investments (2)(3) (12,320) 23,807 Other (income)/loss, net (14) (Gains) from Exchange Offers, net (472) Dollar roll income/(loss) 1,999 (3,377) Earnings available for distribution 1,900 18,089 Earnings available for distribution, per Diluted Share (4) 0.08 1.11 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total transaction related expenses and deal related performance fees included 16.5 million and 7.3 million, respectively, recorded within the "Transaction related expenses" line item and 0.7 million and 1.2 million, respectively, recorded within the "Interest expense" line item, which relates to the amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 9.2 million or 0.40 per share and 2.5 million or 0.15 per share, respectively, of realized and unrealized changes in the fair value of Arc Home's net mortgage servicing rights, changes in the fair value of corresponding derivatives, and other asset impairments were excluded from EAD, net of deferred tax expense. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (5.6) million or (0.24) per share and 0.6 million or 0.04 per share, respectively, of unrealized changes in the fair value of our investment in Arc Home were excluded from EAD. 
 (3) EAD recognized by AG Arc does not include our portion of gains recorded by Arc Home in connection with the sale of residential mortgage loans to us. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we eliminated 6.0 million or 0.26 per share and 5.3 million or 0.33 per share of intra-entity profits recognized by Arc Home, respectively, and also decreased the cost basis of the underlying loans we purchased by the same amount. Refer to Note 2 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for more information on this accounting policy. 
 (4) Per share amounts presented have been adjusted to reflect the one-for-three reverse stock split effected July 22, 2021, where applicable. 
 
 Investment activities 
 
 We aim to allocate capital to investment opportunities with attractive risk/return profiles in our target asset classes. Our investment activities primarily include acquiring and securitizing newly-originated residential mortgage loans. We finance our acquired loans through various financing lines on a short-term basis and securitize the loans to obtain long-term, non-recourse, non-mark-to-market financing as market conditions permit. We may also invest in Agency RMBS to utilize excess liquidity. Our investment and capital allocation decisions depend on prevailing market conditions and compliance with Investment Company Act and REIT tests, among other factors, and may change over time in response to opportunities available in different economic and capital market environments. As a result, in reacting to market conditions and taking into account a variety of other factors, including liquidity, duration, and interest rate expectations, the mix of our assets changes over time as we deploy capital. We actively evaluate our investments based on factors including, among others, the characteristics of the underlying collateral, geography, expected return, expected future prepayment trends, supply of and demand for our investments, costs of financing, costs of hedging, expected future interest rate volatility, and the overall shape of the U.S. Treasury and interest rate swap yield curves. 
 
 We allocate our equity by investment type using the fair value of our investment portfolio, less any associated leverage, inclusive of any long TBA position (at cost). We allocate all non-investment portfolio related assets and liabilities to our investment portfolio based on the characteristics of such assets and liabilities in order to sum to stockholders' equity per the consolidated balance sheets. Our equity allocation method is a non-GAAP methodology and may not be comparable to the similarly titled measure or concepts of other companies, who may use different calculations and allocation methodologies. 
 
 58 

The following table presents a summary of the allocated equity of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 Allocated Equity Percent of Equity December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Residential Investments 454,411 459,058 98.2 80.5 Agency RMBS 8,389 111,322 1.8 19.5 Total 462,800 570,380 100.0 100.0 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and a reconciliation to our GAAP Investment Portfolio in thousands): 
 Fair Value Percent of Investment Portfolio Fair Value Leverage Ratio (a) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Residential Investments 4,202,801 2,725,889 99.5 84.6 1.3x 2.1x Agency RMBS 19,124 495,713 0.5 15.4 1.7x 3.7x Total: Investment Portfolio 4,221,925 3,221,602 100.0 100.0 1.3x 2.4x Less: Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates 49,609 72,026 N/A N/A (b) (b) Total: GAAP Investment Portfolio 4,172,316 3,149,576 N/A N/A 8.4x 4.9x 
 (a) The leverage ratio on our investment portfolio represents Economic Leverage as defined below in the "Financing Activities" section and is calculated by dividing each investment type's total recourse financing arrangements by its allocated equity (described in the chart above). Cash posted as collateral has been allocated pro-rata by each respective asset class's Economic Leverage amount. The Economic Leverage Ratio excludes any fully non-recourse financing arrangements and includes any net receivables or payables on TBAs. The leverage ratio on our GAAP Investment Portfolio represents GAAP leverage. 
 (b) Refer to the "Financing activities" section below for an aggregate breakout of leverage. 

59 

The following table presents a reconciliation of our Investment Portfolio to our GAAP Investment Portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Instrument Current Face Amortized Cost Unrealized Mark-to-Market Fair Value (1) Weighted Average Coupon (2) Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Life (Years) (3) Fair Value (1) Residential Investments Residential Mortgage Loans Non-Agency Loans 3,003,137 3,059,975 (334,066) 2,725,909 5.21 5.00 9.71 1,844,198 Agency-Eligible Loans 1,293,079 1,291,933 (163,618) 1,128,315 4.11 4.15 9.88 440,837 Re- and Non-Performing Loans 328,640 289,658 (15,285) 274,373 3.68 7.49 6.28 350,227 MATT Non-QM Loans 11,839 Land Related Financing 10,688 10,688 10,688 14.50 14.50 0.09 16,891 Total Residential Mortgage Loans 4,635,544 4,652,254 (512,969) 4,139,285 4.82 4.96 9.49 2,663,992 Non-Agency RMBS Non-Agency Securities 14,894 14,693 (4,834) 9,859 4.34 4.60 12.21 14,600 Agency-Eligible Securities 16,819 10,145 (467) 9,678 3.22 8.47 14.06 MATT Non-QM Bonds (4) 350,361 31,933 (866) 31,067 0.99 20.30 3.63 33,998 Re/Non-Performing Securities 33,809 7,971 (117) 7,854 3.11 14.00 1.68 9,904 Non-Agency RMBS Interest Only (5) 108,464 2,838 2,220 5,058 0.38 34.42 4.68 3,395 Total Non-Agency RMBS 524,347 67,580 (4,064) 63,516 1.17 16.41 4.30 61,897 Total Residential Investments 5,159,891 4,719,834 (517,033) 4,202,801 4.61 5.13 8.96 2,725,889 Agency RMBS: 30 Year Fixed Rate 495,713 Interest Only 127,356 19,771 (647) 19,124 2.87 7.54 6.63 Total Agency RMBS 127,356 19,771 (647) 19,124 2.87 7.54 6.63 495,713 Total: Investment Portfolio 5,287,247 4,739,605 (517,680) 4,221,925 4.56 5.14 8.90 3,221,602 Less: Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates Residential Mortgage Loans 10,688 10,688 10,688 14.50 14.50 0.09 28,886 Non-Agency RMBS 384,170 39,904 (983) 38,921 1.31 19.03 3.45 43,140 Total: GAAP Investment Portfolio 4,892,389 4,689,013 (516,697) 4,172,316 4.69 4.99 9.34 3,149,576 
 (1) Refer to Note 10 to the "Notes of the Consolidated Financial Statements" for more detail on what is included in our "Investments in debt and equity of affiliates" line item on our consolidated balance sheets. Our assets held through Investments in debt and equity of affiliates are included in the "MATT Non-QM Loans," "Land Related Financing," "MATT Non-QM Bonds," and "Re/Non-Performing Securities" line items above. 
 (2) Equity residuals with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 
 (3) Weighted average life is based on projected life. Typically, actual maturities are shorter than stated contractual maturities. Maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal, and prepayments of principal. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, this line item only includes retained tranches from securitizations. 
 (5) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, this line item includes Non-QM interest-only bonds. 
 
 60 

Residential mortgage loans 
 
 The following tables present certain information regarding credit quality for certain categories within our Residential mortgage loan portfolio in thousands). 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Unpaid Principal Balance Weighted Average (1)(2)(3) Aging by Unpaid Principal Balance (1)(2) Fair Value Original LTV Ratio Current FICO (4) Current 30-59 Days 60-89 Days 90+ Days Fair Value Non-Agency Loans 3,003,137 2,725,909 69.41 730 2,949,670 31,177 9,819 12,471 1,844,198 Agency-Eligible Loans 1,293,079 1,128,315 66.43 756 1,287,032 5,801 246 440,837 MATT Non-QM Loans 11,839 Re/Non-Performing Loans 328,640 274,373 79.61 643 220,124 34,865 10,937 59,194 350,227 Land Related Financing 10,688 10,688 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 16,891 Total Residential mortgage loans 4,635,544 4,139,285 69.29 731 4,456,826 71,843 21,002 71,665 2,663,992 Less: Residential mortgage loans in Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates 10,688 10,688 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A 28,886 Total GAAP Residential mortgage Loans 4,624,856 4,128,597 69.29 731 4,456,826 71,843 21,002 71,665 2,635,106 
 (1) Weighted average and aging data excludes residual positions where we consolidate a securitization and the positions are recorded on our balance sheet as Re/Non-Performing Loans. There may be limited data available regarding the underlying collateral of the residual positions. 
 (2) Weighted average and aging data excludes Land Related Financing. 
 (3) Amounts are weighted based on unpaid principal balance. 
 (4) Weighted average current FICO excludes borrowers where FICO scores were not available. Data is as of November 30, 2022. 
 
 See Note 3 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for a breakout of geographic concentration of credit risk within loans we include in the "Securitized residential mortgage loans, at fair value" and "Residential mortgage loans, at fair value" line items on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Non-Agency RMBS 
 
 The following table presents the fair value of our Non-Agency RMBS by credit rating as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Credit Rating - Non-Agency RMBS (1) December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 BBB 7,707 4,074 BB 8,096 7,709 B 12,814 15,018 Not Rated 34,899 35,096 Total: Non-Agency RMBS 63,516 61,897 Less: Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates 38,921 43,140 Total: GAAP Basis 24,595 18,757 
 (1) Represents the minimum rating for rated assets of S P, Moody, Morningstar, and Fitch credit ratings, stated in terms of the S P equivalent. 
 
 61 

The following table presents the geographic concentration of the underlying collateral for our Non-Agency RMBS portfolio in thousands). 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 State Fair Value Percentage State Fair Value Percentage California 29,972 47.2 California 31,480 50.9 New York 9,733 15.3 New York 11,092 17.9 Florida 3,955 6.2 Florida 3,661 5.9 Texas 2,248 3.5 New Jersey 1,684 2.7 New Jersey 1,912 3.0 Texas 1,511 2.4 Other 15,696 24.8 Other 12,469 20.2 Total 63,516 100.0 Total 61,897 100.0 
 
 Agency RMBS 
 
 The following table presents the fair value and the Constant Prepayment Rate ("CPR") experienced on our GAAP Agency RMBS portfolio for the periods presented in thousands). 
 Fair Value CPR (1) Agency RMBS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 30 Year Fixed Rate 495,713 6.1 Interest Only 19,124 11.0 Total/Weighted Average 19,124 495,713 11.0 6.1 
 (1) Represents the weighted average monthly CPRs published during the year for our in-place portfolio. 
 
 Financing activities 
 
 We use leverage to finance the purchase of our investment portfolio. Our leverage has primarily been in the form of repurchase agreements and similar financing arrangements (which we refer to collectively as financing arrangements), and securitized debt. 
 
 Repurchase agreements involve the sale and a simultaneous agreement to repurchase the transferred assets or similar assets at a future date. The amount borrowed generally is equal to the fair value of the assets pledged less an agreed-upon discount, referred to as a "haircut." The size of the haircut reflects the perceived risk associated with the pledged asset. Haircuts may change as our financing arrangements mature or roll and are sensitive to governmental regulations. Interest rates for our financing arrangements are determined based on prevailing rates (typically a spread over a base rate) corresponding to the terms of the borrowings, and interest is paid on a monthly basis or, for shorter term arrangements, at the end of the term. Repurchase agreements typically have a term of up to one year for loans and a term of 30 to 90 days for securities. Repurchase agreements are generally mark-to-market with respect to margin calls and recourse to us. We had outstanding financing arrangements with six and five counterparties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Our financing arrangements generally include customary representations, warranties, and covenants, but may also contain more restrictive supplemental terms and conditions. Although specific to each financing arrangement, typical supplemental terms include requirements of minimum equity and liquidity, leverage ratios, and performance triggers. In addition, some of the financing arrangements contain cross default features, whereby default under an agreement with one lender simultaneously causes default under agreements with other lenders. To the extent that we fail to comply with the covenants contained in these financing arrangements or is otherwise found to be in default under the terms of such agreements, the counterparty has the right to accelerate amounts due under the associated agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all of our financial covenants. 
 
 We also use securitized debt to finance our loan portfolio. Securitized debt is generally non-mark-to-market with respect to margin calls and non-recourse to us. 
 
 62 

Recourse and non-recourse financing 
 
 The below table provides detail on the breakout between recourse and non-recourse financing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Recourse financing - Financing arrangements, including those in Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates 625,593 1,791,596 Non-recourse financing - Securitized debt, at fair value 3,262,352 999,215 Non-recourse financing - Financing arrangements included in Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates 16,409 22,156 Total Financing 3,904,354 2,812,967 Less: Recourse financing - Financing arrangements included in Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates 4,406 13,853 Non-recourse financing - Financing arrangements included in Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates 16,409 22,156 Total Financing in Investments in Debt and Equity of Affiliates 20,815 36,009 Total GAAP Financing 3,883,539 2,776,958 
 
 Leverage 
 
 We define GAAP leverage as the sum of (1) GAAP Securitized debt, at fair value, (2) our GAAP Financing arrangements, net of any restricted cash posted on such financing arrangements, and (3) the amount payable on purchases that have not yet settled less the financing remaining on sales that have not yet settled. We define Economic Leverage, a non-GAAP metric, as the sum of: (i) our GAAP leverage, exclusive of any fully non-recourse financing arrangements, (ii) financing arrangements held through affiliated entities, net of any restricted cash posted on such financing arrangements, exclusive of any financing utilized through AG Arc, any adjustment related to unsettled trades as described in (2) in the previous sentence, and any non-recourse financing arrangements and (iii) our net TBA position (at cost), if any. 
 
 The calculations in the tables below divide GAAP leverage and Economic Leverage by our GAAP stockholders equity to derive our leverage ratios. The following tables present a reconciliation of our Economic Leverage ratio to GAAP Leverage in thousands). 
 December 31, 2022 Leverage Stockholders' Equity Leverage Ratio GAAP Securitized debt, at fair value 3,262,352 GAAP Financing arrangements 621,187 Restricted cash posted on Financing arrangements (3,357) GAAP Leverage 3,880,182 462,800 8.4x Financing arrangements through affiliated entities 20,790 Non-recourse financing arrangements (1) (3,278,761) Net TBA receivable/(payable) adjustment (39,206) Economic Leverage 583,005 462,800 1.3x 
 (1) Non-recourse financing arrangements include securitized debt and other non-recourse financing held within MATT. 
 
 63 

December 31, 2021 Leverage Stockholders Equity Leverage Ratio GAAP Securitized debt, at fair value 999,215 GAAP Financing arrangements 1,777,743 Restricted cash posted on Financing arrangements (4,951) Purchase price payable on loans 87 GAAP Leverage 2,772,094 570,380 4.9x Financing arrangements through affiliated entities 35,744 Non-recourse financing arrangements (1) (1,021,371) Net TBA receivable/(payable) adjustment (394,212) Economic Leverage 1,392,255 570,380 2.4x 
 (1) Non-recourse financing arrangements include securitized debt and other non-recourse financing held within MATT. 
 
 Hedging activities 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our Investment Company Act exemption, to the extent leverage is deployed, we may utilize derivative instruments in an effort to hedge the interest rate risk associated with the financing of our portfolio. Specifically, we may seek to hedge our exposure to potential interest rate mismatches between the interest we earn on our investments and our borrowing costs caused by fluctuations in short-term interest rates. We may utilize interest rate swaps, swaption agreements, and other financial instruments such as short positions in to-be-announced securities. In utilizing leverage and interest rate derivatives, our objectives are to improve risk-adjusted returns and, where possible, to lock in, on a long-term basis, a spread between the yield on our assets and the costs of our financing and hedging. Derivatives have not been designated as hedging instruments for GAAP. See Note 7 in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for more information. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90 of its REIT ordinary taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains and that it pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income. Before we pay any dividend, whether for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and debt service on our financing arrangements and other debt payable. If our cash available for distribution is less than our net taxable income, we could be required to sell assets or borrow funds to make required cash distributions or we may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 
 
 As described above, our distribution requirements are based on taxable income rather than GAAP net income. Differences between taxable income and GAAP net income include (i) unrealized gains and losses associated with investment and derivative portfolios which are marked-to-market in current income for GAAP purposes, but excluded from taxable income until realized or settled, (ii) temporary differences related to amortization of premiums and discounts paid on investments, (iii) the timing and amount of deductions related to stock-based compensation, (iv) temporary differences related to the recognition of realized gains and losses on sold investments and certain terminated derivatives, (v) taxes, (vi) methods of depreciation and (vii) differences between GAAP income or losses in our TRSs and taxable income resulting from dividend distributions to the REIT from our TRSs'. Undistributed taxable income is based on current estimates and is not finalized until we file our annual tax return for that tax year, typically in October of the following year. We did not have any undistributed taxable income as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 On July 12, 2021, we announced a one-for-three reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock. The reverse stock split was effected following the close of business on July 22, 2021. All per share amounts and common shares outstanding for all applicable periods presented have been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the one-for-three reverse stock split. 
 64 

The following tables detail our common stock dividends declared during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Cash Dividend Per Share Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Cash Dividend Per Share 3/18/2022 3/31/2022 4/29/2022 0.21 3/22/2021 4/1/2021 4/30/2021 0.18 6/15/2022 6/30/2022 7/29/2022 0.21 6/15/2021 6/30/2021 7/30/2021 0.21 9/15/2022 9/30/2022 10/31/2022 0.21 9/15/2021 9/30/2021 10/29/2021 0.21 12/19/2022 12/30/2022 1/31/2023 0.18 12/15/2021 12/31/2021 1/31/2022 0.21 Total 0.81 Total 0.81 
 
 The following tables detail our preferred stock dividends declared and paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 
 Cash Dividend Per Share Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date 8.25 Series A 
 8.00 Series B 
 8.000 Series C 
 2/18/2022 2/28/2022 3/17/2022 0.51563 0.50 0.50 5/2/2022 5/31/2022 6/17/2022 0.51563 0.50 0.50 8/3/2022 8/31/2022 9/19/2022 0.51563 0.50 0.50 11/3/2022 11/30/2022 12/19/2022 0.51563 0.50 0.50 Total 2.06252 2.00 2.00 2021 
 Cash Dividend Per Share Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date 8.25 Series A 
 8.00 Series B 
 8.000 Series C 
 2/16/2021 2/26/2021 3/17/2021 0.51563 0.50 0.50 5/17/2021 5/28/2021 6/17/2021 0.51563 0.50 0.50 7/30/2021 8/31/2021 9/17/2021 0.51563 0.50 0.50 11/5/2021 11/30/2021 12/17/2021 0.51563 0.50 0.50 Total 2.06252 2.00 2.00 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 
 Our liquidity determines our ability to meet our cash obligations, including distributions to our stockholders, payment of our expenses, financing our investments and satisfying other general business needs. 
 
 Our principal sources of cash consist of borrowings under financing arrangements, principal and interest payments we receive on our investment portfolio, cash generated from our operating results, and proceeds from capital market transactions. We typically use cash to repay principal and interest on our financing arrangements, to purchase loans, real estate securities, and other real estate related assets, to make dividend payments on our capital stock, to repurchase our capital stock, and to fund our operations. We may also generate liquidity when restricted cash that was pledged as collateral for clearing and executing trades, derivatives, and financing arrangements becomes unrestricted when the related collateral requirements are exceeded or at the maturity of the derivative or financing arrangement. Refer to " Margin requirements" below discussing instances where we may use liquidity to meet margin requirements. At December 31, 2022, we had 86.7 million of liquidity, which consisted of 84.6 million of cash and 2.1 million of unencumbered Agency RMBS available to support our liquidity needs. Refer to the "Contractual obligations" section of this Part II, Item 7 for additional obligations that could impact our liquidity. 
 
 Margin requirements 
 
 The fair value of our loans and real estate securities fluctuate according to market conditions. When the fair value of the assets pledged as collateral to secure a financing arrangement decreases to the point where the difference between the collateral fair value and the financing arrangement amount is less than the haircut, our lenders may issue a "margin call," which requires us to post additional collateral to the lender in the form of additional assets or cash. Under our repurchase facilities, our lenders have full discretion to determine the fair value of the securities we pledge to them. Our lenders typically value assets based on recent transactions in the market. Lenders also issue margin calls as the published current principal balance factors change on the pool 
 65 

of mortgages underlying the securities pledged as collateral when scheduled and unscheduled paydowns are announced monthly. We experience margin calls in the ordinary course of our business. In seeking to effectively manage the margin requirements established by our lenders, we maintain a position of cash and, when owned, unpledged Agency RMBS. We refer to this position as our "liquidity." The level of liquidity we have available to meet margin calls is directly affected by our leverage levels, our haircuts and the price changes on our assets. Typically, if interest rates increase or if credit spreads widen, then the prices of our collateral (and our unpledged assets that constitute our liquidity) will decline, we will experience margin calls, and we will need to use our liquidity to meet the margin calls. There can be no assurance that we will maintain sufficient levels of liquidity to meet any margin calls. If our haircuts increase, our liquidity will proportionately decrease. In addition, if we increase our borrowings, our liquidity will decrease by the amount of additional haircut on the increased level of indebtedness. We intend to maintain a level of liquidity in relation to our assets that enables us to meet reasonably anticipated margin calls but that also allows us to be substantially invested in the residential mortgage market. We may misjudge the appropriate amount of our liquidity by maintaining excessive liquidity, which would lower our investment returns, or by maintaining insufficient liquidity, which may force us to liquidate assets into potentially unfavorable market conditions and harm our results of operations and financial condition. Further, an unexpected rise in interest rates and a corresponding fall in the fair value of our securities may also force us to liquidate assets under difficult market conditions, thereby harming our results of operations and financial condition, in an effort to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet increased margin calls. 
 
 Similar to the margin calls that we receive on our borrowing agreements, we may also receive margin calls on our derivative instruments when their fair value declines. This typically occurs when prevailing market rates change adversely, with the severity of the change also dependent on the terms of the derivatives involved. We may also receive margin calls on our derivatives based on the implied volatility of interest rates. Our posting of collateral with our counterparties can be done in cash or assets, and is generally bilateral, which means that if the fair value of our interest rate hedges increases, our counterparty will be required to post collateral with us. Refer to the "Liquidity risk derivatives" section of Part II, Item 7A below for a further discussion on margin. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The table below details changes to our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, Beginning of Period 100,229 62,318 37,911 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (1) 22,520 26,298 (3,778) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (2) (1,490,351) (1,899,691) 409,340 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (3) 1,466,405 1,911,294 (444,889) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,426) 37,901 (39,327) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 10 (10) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, End of Period 98,803 100,229 (1,426) 
 (1) Cash provided by operating activities is primarily attributable to net interest income less operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to purchases of investments, offset by sales of investments, principal repayments on investments, and the settlement of derivatives. 
 (3) Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to issuance of securitized debt, offset by net repayments of financing arrangements, dividend payments, and common share repurchases. 
 
 Stock repurchase programs 
 
 On November 3, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to 25.0 million of our outstanding common stock (the "2015 Repurchase Program"). As of June 30, 2022, the 25.0 million maximum repurchase amount authorized under the 2015 Repurchase Program was fully utilized. See Note 11 in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional details on the shares repurchased under the 2015 Repurchase Program during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On August 3, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the "2022 Repurchase Program") to repurchase up to 15.0 million of our outstanding common stock on substantially the same terms as the 2015 Repurchase Program. The 2022 Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date and permits us to repurchase its shares through 
 66 

various methods, including open market repurchases, privately negotiated block transactions and Rule 10b5-1 plans. We may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time in compliance with SEC regulations and other legal requirements. The extent to which we repurchase our shares, and the timing, manner, price, and amount of any such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of factors including market conditions and other corporate considerations as determined by management, as well as the limits of the 2022 Repurchase Program and our liquidity and business strategy. The 2022 Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of shares and may be modified or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 7.8 million of common stock remained authorized for future share repurchases under the 2022 Repurchase Program. See Note 11 in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional details on the shares repurchased under the 2022 Repurchase Program during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On February 22, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the "Preferred Repurchase Program") pursuant to which our Board of Directors granted a repurchase authorization to acquire shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock having an aggregate value of up to 20.0 million. No share repurchases under the Preferred Repurchase Program have been made since its authorization. 
 
 Shares of stock repurchased by us under any repurchase program, if any, will be cancelled and, until reissued by us, will be deemed to be authorized but unissued shares of its stock as required by Maryland law. The cost of the acquisition by us of shares of our own stock in excess of the aggregate par value of the shares first reduces additional paid-in capital, to the extent available, with any residual cost applied against retained earnings. 
 
 Equity distribution agreements 
 
 We have entered into an equity distribution agreement with each of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and JMP Securities LLC (collectively, the "Sales Agents"), which we refer to as the "Equity Distribution Agreements," pursuant to which we may sell up to 100.0 million aggregate offering price of shares of our common stock from time to time through the Sales Agents, under the Securities Act of 1933. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not issue any shares of common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreements. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 1.0 million shares of common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreements for net proceeds of approximately 13.1 million. Since inception of the program, we have issued approximately 2.2 million shares of common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreements for gross proceeds of 48.3 million. 
 
 Common stock offering 
 
 On November 22, 2021, we completed a public offering of 7.0 million shares of our common stock and subsequently issued an additional 1.1 million shares pursuant to the underwriters' exercise of their over-allotment option at a price of 9.98 per share. Net proceeds to us from the offering were approximately 80.0 million, after deducting estimated offering expenses. 
 
 Exchange Offers 
 
 The below details privately negotiated exchange agreements with existing holders of the our preferred shares exchanged for common shares during 2021. We did not complete any exchange offers during 2022. Subsequent to each transaction, the Preferred Stock exchanged pursuant to the exchange agreement was reclassified as authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock without designation as to class or series in thousands). 
 
 Preferred Shares Exchanged Date Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Shares of Series B Preferred Stock Shares of Series C Preferred Stock Total Preferred Stock Par Value Common Shares Exchanged March 17, 2021 
 153,325 350,609 12,598 937,462 June 14, 2021 86,478 154,383 6,022 429,802 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 1.7 million shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 3.7 million shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and 3.7 million shares of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 Common Stock Issuance to the Manager 
 
 Refer to "Contractual obligations Management agreement" below for more detail related to the Second Management Agreement Amendment. 
 67 

Forward-looking statements regarding liquidity 
 
 Based upon our current portfolio, leverage and available borrowing arrangements, we believe the net proceeds of our common equity offerings, preferred equity offerings, and private placements, combined with cash flow from operations and our available borrowing capacity will be sufficient to enable us to meet our anticipated liquidity requirements, including funding our investment activities, paying fees under our management agreement, funding our distributions to stockholders and paying general corporate expenses. 
 
 Contractual obligations 
 
 Management agreement 
 
 The management agreement, as amended, provides for payment to the Manager of a management fee, an incentive fee, and reimbursements of certain expenses incurred by the Manager or its affiliates on behalf of us. 
 
 Management fee 
 
 The management fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to 1.50 of our Stockholders Equity, per annum. For purposes of calculating the management fee, "Stockholders Equity" means the sum of the net proceeds from any issuances of equity securities (including preferred securities) since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any such issuance, and excluding any future equity issuance to the Manager), plus our retained earnings at the end of such quarter (without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense or other non-cash items described below incurred in current or prior periods), less any amount that we pay for repurchases of our common stock, excluding any unrealized gains, losses or other non-cash items that have impacted stockholders equity as reported in our financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income, and excluding one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and certain other non-cash charges after discussions between the Manager and our independent directors and after approval by a majority of our independent directors. Stockholders Equity, for purposes of calculating the management fee, could be greater or less than the amount of stockholders equity shown on our financial statements. The below table details the management fees incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Management fee to affiliate 8,096 6,814 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded management fees payable of 2.1 million and 1.8 million, respectively. The management fee payable is included within the "Due to affiliates" item within the "Other liabilities" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Incentive fee 
 
 In connection with our common stock offering in November 2021, including the Manager's purchase of 700,000 shares in the offering, on November 22, 2021, we and the Manager executed an amendment (the "Third Amendment") to the management agreement, pursuant to which we will pay the Manager an annual incentive fee in addition to the base management fee. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the Manager waived the annual incentive fee with respect to the fiscal years ending December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, and the annual incentive fee will first be payable with respect to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 The annual incentive fee with respect to each applicable fiscal year will be equal to 15 of the amount by which our cumulative adjusted net income from the date of the Third Amendment exceeds the cumulative hurdle amount, which represents an 8 return (cumulative, but not compounding) on an equity hurdle base consisting of the sum of (i) our adjusted book value (calculated in the manner described in our public filings) as of October 31, 2021, (ii) 80.0 million, and (iii) the gross proceeds of any subsequent public or private common stock offerings by us. The annual incentive fee will be payable in cash, or, at the option of our Board of Directors, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Third Amendment, the term of the management agreement was extended until June 30, 2023, unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms. Thereafter, the management agreement will continue to renew automatically 
 68 

each year for an additional one-year period, unless the Company or the Manager exercise its respective termination rights. All other terms and conditions of the management agreement continued without change. 
 
 Expense Reimbursement 
 
 Our Manager uses the proceeds from its management fee in part to pay compensation to its officers and personnel, who, notwithstanding that certain of them also are our officers, receive no compensation directly from us. We are required to reimburse our Manager or its affiliates for operating expenses incurred by our Manager or its affiliates on our behalf, including certain salary expenses and other expenses relating to legal, accounting, due diligence and other services. Our reimbursement obligation is not subject to any dollar limitation; however, reimbursements are subject to an annual budget process which combines guidelines from the Management Agreement with oversight by our Board of Directors and discussions with our Manager. 
 
 The below table details the expense reimbursement incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 
 Year Ended Consolidated statements of operations line item: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Non-investment related expenses (1) 
 4,646 4,322 Investment related expenses 
 755 1,157 Transaction related expenses 2,757 841 Expense reimbursements to Manager or its affiliates 8,158 6,320 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our Manager agreed to waive its right to receive expense reimbursements of 1.5 million and 0.8 million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a reimbursement payable to our Manager or its affiliates of 1.3 million and 2.1 million, respectively. The reimbursement payable to the Manager or its affiliates is included within the "Due to affiliates" item within the "Other liabilities" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 
 The AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, which became effective on April 15, 2020 following the approval of our stockholders at our 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, provides for a maximum of 666,666 shares of common stock that may be issued under the plan. The maximum number of shares of common stock granted during a single fiscal year to any non-employee director, taken together with any cash fees paid to such non-employee director during any fiscal year, shall not exceed 300,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such awards based on the grant date fair value). As of December 31, 2022, 551,945 shares of common stock were available to be awarded under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Since inception of the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and through December 31, 2022, we have granted an aggregate of 114,721 shares of restricted common stock to our independent directors under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, all of which have vested. 
 
 The AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 2021 Manager Equity Incentive Plan (the "2021 Manager Plan"), which became effective on April 7, 2021 following the approval of our stockholders at our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, provides for a maximum of 573,425 shares of common stock that may be subject to awards thereunder to our Manager. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares or awards issued under the 2021 Manager Plan. Following the execution of the Third Amendment to our management agreement in November 2021 related to the incentive fee, our compensation committee no longer expects to continue its historical practice of making periodic equity grants to the Manager pursuant to the 2021 Manager Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Unfunded commitments 
 
 See Note 12 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for details on our commitments as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 69 

Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 
 Our investments in debt and equity of affiliates primarily consist of loans, real estate securities, and our interest in AG Arc. Investments in debt and equity of affiliates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Certain of our investments in debt and equity of affiliates securitize residential mortgage loans and retain interests in the subordinated tranches of the transferred assets. These retained interests are included in the MATT Non-QM Loans and Re/Non-Performing Loans line items of our investment portfolio. See Notes 2 and 10 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for a discussion of investments i n debt and equity of affiliates. 
 
 We record TBA purchases and sales on the trade date and present the purchase or receipt net of the corresponding payable or receivable until the settlement date of the transaction. Refer to Note 7 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" for additional detail on TBAs as of December 31, 2022 , if applicable. 
 
 For additional information on our commitments as of December 31, 2022, refer to Note 12 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." We do not expect these commitments, taken as a whole, to be significant to, or to have a material impact on, our overall liquidity or capital resources or our operations. 
 
 Critical accounting policies 
 
 Our most critical accounting policies include (i) Valuation of financial instruments, (ii) Accounting for loans, (iii) Accounting for real estate securities, (iv) Interest income recognition, (v) Financing arrangements, and (vi) Investment consolidation. For additional information related to our significant accounting policies and the recent accounting pronouncements that may impact our results of operations, see Note 2 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based, in part, on our judgment and assumptions regarding various economic conditions that we believe are reasonable based on facts and circumstances existing at the time of reporting. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions utilized in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Although our estimates contemplate conditions as of December 31, 2022 and how we expect them to change in the future, it is reasonably possible that actual conditions could be different than anticipated in arriving at those estimates, which could materially affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the periods presented. 
 
 Our critical accounting estimates are those which require assumptions to be made about matters that are highly uncertain. The following is a description of our critical accounting estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations: 
 
 Valuation of financial instruments 
 
 We have elected the fair value option for the vast majority of our assets and liabilities for which such election is permitted, as provided for under ASC 825, Financial Instruments ("ASC 825"). For financial instruments that are traded in an "active market," the best measure of fair value is the quoted market price. However, many of our financial instruments are not traded in an active market. Therefore, our Manger generally uses third-party valuations when available. If third-party valuations are not available, our Manager uses other valuation techniques, such as the discounted cash flow methodology. 
 
 Summary descriptions, for various categories of financial instruments, of the valuation methodologies management uses in determining fair value of our financial instruments are detailed in Note 5 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements." Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, the estimated fair value of our financial instruments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the financial instruments existed, and the differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The determination of estimated fair value of those of our financial instruments that are not traded in an active market requires the use of both asset level characteristics and macroeconomic assumptions and/or inputs, which are generally based on current market and economic conditions. Changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of our investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized to be different than the valuations currently estimated. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of our financial instruments are yields, prepayment rates, probability of default, and loss severity in the event of default. Significant increases (decreases) in any of those inputs in 
 70 

isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. Generally, a change in the assumption used for the probability of default is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the loss severity and a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for prepayment rates. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of our investment in Arc Home is the book value multiple. Significant increases (decreases) in the multiple applied would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. 
 
 Our valuations are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Refer to the interest rate sensitivity analysis included in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 Refer to Note 5 to the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information on our assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value at December 31, 2022, including the significant inputs used to estimate their fair values and the impact the changes in their fair values had to our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Interest income recognition 
 
 Interest income on our loan and securities portfolio is accrued based on the actual coupon rate and the outstanding principal balance of such loans or securities. We have elected to record interest in accordance with ASC 835-30-35-2, "Imputation of Interest," using the effective interest method for all loans and securities accounted for under the fair value option in accordance with ASC 825, "Financial Instruments." As such, premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted into interest income over the lives of the loans or securities. 
 
 To record interest income using the effective interest method, we reassess the cash flows on our investments on at least a quarterly basis. In estimating these cash flows, there are a number of assumptions made that are uncertain and subject to judgments and assumptions based on subjective and objective factors and contingencies. These include the rate and timing of principal and interest receipts (including assumptions of prepayments, repurchases, defaults and liquidations), the pass-through or coupon rate and interest rate fluctuations. In addition, interest payment shortfalls due to delinquencies on the underlying mortgage loans have to be estimated. 
 
 An increase in the prepayment rate, as measured by the CPR, will typically accelerate the amortization of purchase premiums, thereby reducing the yield or interest income earned on such assets. An increase in the prepayment rate will similarly accelerate the accretion of purchase discounts, conversely increasing the yield or interest income earned on such assets. A decrease in the prepayment rate will have a directionally opposite impact on the yield or interest income. 
 
 As further discussed in Note 2 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements," differences between previously estimated cash flows and current actual and anticipated cash flows caused by changes to prepayment or other assumptions are adjusted retrospectively through a "catch up" adjustment for the impact of the cumulative change in the effective yield through the reporting date for securities accounted for under ASC 320-10 (generally, Agency RMBS) or adjusted prospectively through an adjustment of the yield over the remaining life of the investment for investments accounted for under ASC 325-40 (generally, Non-Agency RMBS and interest-only securities) and mortgage loans accounted for under ASC 310-10. 
 
 Investment Consolidation 
 
 An entity is a variable interest entity ("VIE") if the equity investors (i) do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support, (ii) are unable to direct the entity s activities or (iii) are not exposed to the entity s losses or entitled to its residual returns. VIEs within the scope of ASC 810-10, "Consolidation" are required to be consolidated by their primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is determined to be the party that has both the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 
 Determining the primary beneficiary of a VIE requires judgment. We determined that for the securitizations we consolidate, our ownership provides us with the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. In addition, we have the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact the VIEs economic performance, or power, such as rights to replace the servicer without cause. 
 
 The securitization trusts are structured as entities that receive principal and interest on the underlying collateral and distribute those payments to the security holders. The assets held by the securitization entities are restricted in that they can only be used to fulfill the obligations of the securitization entity. Our risks associated with our involvement with these VIEs are limited to 
 71 

our risks and rights as a holder of the security we have retained as well as certain risks which may occur when we act as either the sponsor and/or depositor of and the seller to the securitization entities. 
 
 Our interest in the assets held by consolidated securitization vehicles, which are consolidated on our consolidated balance sheets, is restricted by the structural provisions of these trusts, and a recovery of our investment in the vehicles will be limited by each entity s distribution provisions. The liabilities of the securitization vehicles, which are also consolidated on our consolidated balance sheets, are non-recourse to us, and can only be satisfied using proceeds from each securitization vehicle s respective assets. 
 
 The assets of securitization entities are comprised of residential mortgage loans. 
 
 We perform ongoing reassessments of whether changes in the facts and circumstances regarding our involvement with a VIE causes our consolidation conclusion to change. 
 
 REIT Qualification 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Provided that we maintain our qualification as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our REIT taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. Our qualification as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various complex requirements under the Code, relating to, among other things, the sources of our gross income and the composition and values of our assets (which, based on the types of assets we own, can fluctuate rapidly, significantly and unpredictably), our distribution levels and the diversity of ownership of our shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such requirements. Failure to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year would cause us to be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates (and any applicable state and local taxes). Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. taxes on our income. For example, any income generated by our domestic TRSs will be subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income tax. Any taxes paid by a TRS will reduce the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 Exclusion From Regulation Under the Investment Company Act 
 
 We conduct our business so as to maintain our exempt status under, and not to become regulated as an investment company for purposes of, the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, a company is an investment company if it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire "investment securities" having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis (the "40 Test"). "Investment securities" do not include, among other things, U.S. government securities, and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that (i) are not investment companies and (ii) are not relying on the exceptions from the definition of investment company provided by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act (the so called "private investment company" exemptions). 
 
 We conduct our operations such that we will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act by complying with the 40 Test and not engaging primarily (or holding ourselves out as being engaged primarily) in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities. Rather, through wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, we are primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of these subsidiaries, namely the real estate finance business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgage loans and other interests in real estate. 
 
 We currently have several subsidiaries that rely on the exclusion provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act, each a "3(c)(7) subsidiary." In addition, we currently have several subsidiaries that rely on the exclusion provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act, each a "3(c)(5)(C) subsidiary." 
 
 While investments in 3(c)(7) subsidiaries are considered investment securities for the purposes of the 40 Test, investments in 3(c)(5)(C) subsidiaries are not considered investment securities for the purposes of the 40 Test, nor are investments in subsidiaries that rely on the exclusion provided by Section 3(a)(1)(C). Therefore, our investments in 3(c)(7) subsidiaries and other investment securities cannot exceed 40 of the value of our total assets (excluding U.S. government securities and cash) on an unconsolidated basis. 
 
 72 

Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act exempts from the definition of "investment company" entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. The SEC staff generally requires an entity relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to invest at least 55 of its portfolio in "qualifying assets" and at least another 25 in additional qualifying assets or in "real estate-related" assets (with no more than 20 comprised of miscellaneous assets). Both the 40 Test and the requirements of the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion limit the types of businesses in which we may engage and the types of assets we may hold, as well as the timing of sales and purchases of assets. 
 
 The determination that we qualify for this exemption from being regulated as an investment company depends on various factual matters and circumstances. We closely monitor our holdings to ensure continuing and ongoing compliance with these tests. If we failed to comply with the 40 Test or another exemption under the Investment Company Act and became regulated as an investment company, our ability to, among other things, use leverage would be substantially reduced and, as a result, we would be unable to conduct our business as described in this report. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The primary components of our market risk relate to interest rates, liquidity, real estate, credit, prepayment rates, basis, and capital markets risk. While we do not seek to avoid risk completely, we seek to assume risk that can be reasonably quantified from historical experience and to actively manage that risk, to earn sufficient returns to justify taking those risks and to maintain capital levels consistent with the risks we undertake. Many of these risks have become particularly heightened due to sustained inflation, rising mortgage rates, the Federal Reserve's monetary policy actions, and the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Interest rate risk 
 
 Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary, fiscal and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with both our investments and the financing under our financing arrangements. We generally seek to manage this risk by monitoring the reset index and the interest rate related to our investment portfolio and our financings; by structuring our financing arrangements to have a range of maturity terms, amortizations and interest rate adjustment periods; and by using derivative instruments to adjust interest rate sensitivity of our investment portfolio and borrowings. Our hedging techniques can be highly complex, and the value of our investment portfolio and derivatives may be adversely affected as a result of changing interest rates. 
 
 Interest rate effects on net interest income 
 
 Our operating results depend in large part upon differences between the yields earned on our investments and our cost of borrowing and upon the effectiveness of our interest rate hedging activities. The majority of our financing arrangements are short term in nature, exclusive of our residential mortgage loans financed through securitized debt. Repurchase agreements financing our securities portfolio or retained interests from our securitizations typically have an initial term between 30 and 90 days while repurchase agreements financing our residential mortgage loans prior to securitization have an initial term of one year. The financing rate on these agreements will generally be determined at the outset of each transaction by reference to prevailing rates plus a spread. As a result, our borrowing costs will tend to increase during periods of rising interest rates as we renew, or "roll", maturing transactions at the higher prevailing rates. When combined with the fact that the income we earn on our fixed interest rate investments will remain substantially unchanged, this will result in a narrowing of the net interest spread between the related assets and borrowings and may even result in losses. 
 
 In an attempt to offset the increase in funding costs related to rising interest rates, our Manager may cause us to enter into hedging transactions structured to provide us with positive cash flow in the event interest rates rise. Our Manager accomplishes this through the use of interest rate derivatives. Some hedging strategies involving the use of derivatives are highly complex, may produce volatile returns and may expose us to increased risks relating to counterparty defaults. 
 
 Interest rate effects on fair value 
 
 Another component of interest rate risk is the effect that changes in interest rates will have on the fair value of the assets that we acquire. 
 
 Generally, in a rising interest rate environment, the fair value of our loan and real estate securities portfolios would be expected to decrease, all other factors being held constant. In particular, the portion of our real estate securities and loan portfolios with fixed-rate coupons would be expected to decrease in value more severely than that portion with a floating-rate coupon. This is 
 73 

because fixed-rate coupon assets tend to have significantly more duration, or price sensitivity to changes in interest rates, than floating-rate coupon assets. Fixed-rate assets currently represent a majority of our portfolio. 
 
 The fair value of our investment portfolio could change at a different rate than the fair value of our liabilities when interest rates change. We measure the sensitivity of our portfolio to changes in interest rates by estimating the duration of our assets and liabilities. Duration is the approximate percentage change in fair value for an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve while assuming all other market risk factors remain constant. In general, our assets have higher duration than our liabilities. In order to reduce this exposure, we use hedging instruments to reduce the gap in duration between our assets and liabilities. 
 
 We calculate estimated effective duration (i.e., the price sensitivity to changes in risk-free interest rates) to measure the impact of changes in interest rates on our portfolio value. We estimate duration based on third-party models. Different models and methodologies can produce different effective duration estimates for the same assets. We allocate the net duration by asset type based on the interest rate sensitivity. 
 
 The following chart details information about our duration gap as of December 31, 2022: 
 Duration (1)(2) Years Agency RMBS (0.01) Residential Loans (3) 5.12 Hedges (1.45) Duration Gap 3.66 
 (1) Duration related to financing arrangements is netted within its respective line items. 
 (2) Duration does not include our investment in AG Arc LLC. 
 (3) Residential Investments are inclusive of forward purchase commitments to acquire Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table quantifies the estimated percent change in GAAP equity, the fair value of our assets, and projected net interest income should interest rates go up or down instantaneously by 25, 50, and 75 basis points, assuming (i) the yield curves of the rate shocks will be parallel to each other and the current yield curve and (ii) all other market risk factors remain constant. These estimates were compiled using a combination of third-party services and models, market data and internal models. All changes in equity, assets, and income are measured as percentage changes from the GAAP equity, assets, and projected net interest income from our base interest rate scenario. The base interest rate scenario assumes spot and forward interest rates existing as of December 31, 2022. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
 
 Agency RMBS and GSE Non-Owner Occupied Loan assumptions attempt to predict default and prepayment activity at projected interest rate levels. To the extent that these estimates or other assumptions do not hold true, actual results will likely differ materially from projections and could result in percentage changes larger or smaller than the estimates in the table below. Moreover, if different models were employed in the analysis, materially different projections could result. In addition, while the table below reflects the estimated impact of interest rate increases and decreases on a static portfolio as of December 31, 2022, our Manager may from time to time sell any of our investments as a part of the overall management of our investment portfolio. 
 Change in Interest Rates (basis points) (1)(2) Change in Fair Value as a Percentage of GAAP Equity (3) Change in Fair Value as a Percentage of Assets (3) Percentage Change in Projected Net Interest Income (4) +75 (6.0) (0.6) (2.3) +50 (4.0) (0.4) (1.5) +25 (2.0) (0.2) (0.8) -25 2.1 0.2 0.7 -50 4.3 0.5 1.5 -75 6.5 0.7 2.2 
 (1) Includes investments held through affiliated entities that are reported as "Investments in debt and equity of affiliates" on our consolidated balance sheet, but excludes AG Arc. 
 (2) Does not include cash investments, which typically have overnight maturities and are not expected to change in value as interest rates change. 
 (3) Changes in fair value as a percentage of GAAP equity and assets are inclusive of forward purchase commitments to acquire Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) Interest income includes trades settled as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 74 

The information set forth in the interest rate sensitivity table above and all related disclosures constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimated in the foregoing interest rate sensitivity table. See below for additional risks which may impact the fair value of our assets, GAAP equity and net income. 
 
 Liquidity risk 
 
 Our primary liquidity risk arises from financing long-maturity assets with shorter-term financings primarily in the form of financing arrangements. Our Manager seeks to mitigate our liquidity risks by maintaining a prudent level of leverage, monitoring our liquidity position on a daily basis and maintaining a reasonable cushion of cash and unpledged real estate securities and loans in our portfolio in order to meet future margin calls. In addition, our Manager seeks to further mitigate our liquidity risk by (i) maintaining relationships with a carefully selected group of financing counterparties and (ii) monitoring the ongoing financial stability and future business plans of our financing counterparties. 
 
 Liquidity risk financing arrangements 
 
 We pledge mortgage loans or real estate securities and cash as collateral to secure our financing arrangements. Should the fair value of our real estate securities or mortgage loans pledged as collateral decrease (as a result of rising interest rates, changes in prepayment speeds, widening of credit spreads or otherwise), we will likely be subject to margin calls for additional collateral from our financing counterparties. Should the fair value of our real estate securities or mortgage loans decrease materially and suddenly, margin calls will likely increase causing an adverse change to our liquidity position which could result in substantial losses. In addition, we cannot be assured that we will always be able to roll our financing arrangements at their scheduled maturities, which could cause material additional harm to our liquidity position and result in substantial losses. Further, should funding conditions tighten as they did in 2007-2008, 2009 and more recently in March 2020, our financing arrangement counterparties may increase our margin requirements on new financings, including repurchase transactions that we roll at maturity with the same counterparty. This would require us to post additional collateral and would reduce our ability to use leverage and could potentially cause us to incur substantial losses. 
 
 Liquidity risk derivatives 
 
 The terms of our interest rate swaps require us to post collateral in the form of cash or Agency RMBS to our counterparties to satisfy two types of margin requirements: variation margin and initial margin. 
 
 We and our swap counterparties are both required to post variation margin to each other depending upon the daily moves in prevailing benchmark interest rates. The amount of this variation margin is derived from the mark to market valuation of our swaps. Hence, as our swaps lose value in a falling interest rate environment, we are required to post additional variation margin to our counterparties on a daily basis; conversely, as our swaps gain value in a rising interest rate environment, we are able to recall variation margin from our counterparties. By recalling variation margin from our swaps counterparties, we are able to partially mitigate the liquidity risk created by margin calls on our repurchase transactions during periods of rising interest rates. 
 
 Initial margin works differently. Collateral posted to meet initial margin requirements is intended to create a safety buffer to benefit our counterparties if we were to default on our payment obligations under the terms of the swaps and our counterparties were forced to unwind the swap. Initial margin on our centrally cleared trades varies from day to day depending upon various factors, including the absolute level of interest rates and the implied volatility of interest rates. There is a distinctly positive correlation between initial margin, on the one hand, and the absolute level of interest rates and implied volatility of interest rates, on the other hand. As a result, in times of rising interest rates or increasing rate volatility, we anticipate that the initial margin required on our centrally-cleared trades will likewise increase, potentially by a substantial amount. These margin increases will have a negative impact on our liquidity position and will likely impair the intended liquidity risk mitigation effect of our swaps discussed above. 
 
 Real estate value risk 
 
 Residential property values are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of housing); natural disasters, the effects of climate change (including flooding, drought, and severe weather) and other natural events; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. Decreases in property values could cause us to suffer losses and reduce the value of the collateral underlying our RMBS portfolio as well as the potential sale proceeds available to 
 75 

repay our loans in the event of a default. In addition, substantial decreases in property values can increase the rate of strategic defaults by residential mortgage borrowers which can impact and create significant uncertainty in the recovery of principal and interest on our investments. 
 
 Credit risk 
 
 We are exposed to the risk of potential credit losses from an unanticipated increase in borrower defaults as well as general credit spread widening on any non-agency assets in our portfolio. We seek to manage this risk through our Manager s pre-acquisition due diligence process and, if available, through the use of non-recourse financing, which limits our exposure to credit losses to the specific pool of collateral which is the subject of the non-recourse financing. Our Manager s pre-acquisition due diligence process includes the evaluation of, among other things, relative valuation, supply and demand trends, the shape of various yield curves, prepayment rates, delinquency and default rates, recovery of various sectors and vintage of collateral. 
 
 The potential effects of sustained inflation, rising mortgage rates, the Federal Reserve's monetary policy actions, and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may cause an increase in credit risk of our credit sensitive assets. Any future period of payment deferrals, forbearance, delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures or losses will likely adversely affect our net interest income from residential loans and RMBS investments, the fair value of these assets, our ability to liquidate the collateral that may underlie these investments and obtain additional financing and the future profitability of our investments. Further, in the event of delinquencies, defaults and foreclosure, regulatory changes and policies designed to protect borrowers and renters may slow or prevent us from taking remediation actions. 
 
 Prepayment risk 
 
 Premiums arise when we acquire real estate assets at a price in excess of the principal balance of the mortgages securing such assets (i.e., par value). Conversely, discounts arise when we acquire assets at a price below the principal balance of the mortgages securing such` assets. Premiums paid on our assets are amortized against interest income and accretable purchase discounts on our assets are accreted to interest income. Purchase premiums or discounts on our assets are amortized or accreted over the life of each respective asset using the effective yield method, adjusted for actual prepayment activity. An increase in the prepayment rate, as measured by the CPR, will typically accelerate the amortization of purchase premiums, thereby reducing the yield or interest income earned on such assets. An increase in the prepayment rate will similarly accelerate the accretion of purchase discounts, conversely increasing the yield or interest income earned on such assets. A decrease in the prepayment rate will have a directionally opposite impact on the yield or interest income. 
 
 As further discussed in Note 2 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements," differences between previously estimated cash flows and current actual and anticipated cash flows caused by changes to prepayment or other assumptions are adjusted retrospectively through a "catch up" adjustment for the impact of the cumulative change in the effective yield through the reporting date for securities accounted for under ASC 320-10 (generally, Agency RMBS) or adjusted prospectively through an adjustment of the yield over the remaining life of the investment for investments accounted for under ASC 325-40 (generally, Non-Agency RMBS and interest-only securities) and mortgage loans accounted for under ASC 310-10. 
 
 In addition, our interest rate hedges are structured in part based upon assumed levels of future prepayments within our mortgage loan or real estate securities portfolio. If prepayments are slower or faster than assumed, the life of the real estate securities or mortgage loans will be longer or shorter than assumed, respectively, which could reduce the effectiveness of our Manager s hedging strategies and may cause losses on such transactions. 
 
 Our Manager seeks to mitigate our prepayment risk by investing in real estate assets with a variety of prepayment characteristics. 
 
 Basis risk 
 
 Basis risk refers to the possible decline in book value triggered by the risk of incurring losses on the fair value of Agency RMBS as a result of widening market spreads between the yields on Agency RMBS and the yields on comparable duration Treasury securities. The basis risk associated with fluctuations in fair value of Agency RMBS may relate to factors impacting the mortgage and fixed income markets other than changes in benchmark interest rates, such as actual or anticipated monetary policy actions by the Federal Reserve, market liquidity, or changes in required rates of return on different assets. Consequently, while we use interest rate swaps and other hedges to protect against moves in interest rates, such instruments will generally not protect our net book value against basis risk. 
 
 76 

Capital Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to risks related to the equity capital markets, and our related ability to raise capital through the issuance of our common stock, preferred stock or other equity instruments. We are also exposed to risks related to the debt capital markets, and our related ability to finance our business through revolving facilities or other debt instruments. As a REIT, we are required to distribute a significant portion of our taxable income annually, which constrains our ability to accumulate operating cash flow and therefore may require us to utilize debt or equity capital to finance our business. We seek to mitigate these risks by monitoring the debt and equity capital markets to inform our decisions on the amount, timing, and terms of capital we raise. 
 77 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 79 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 84 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 86 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 
 78 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 79 

Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Fair Value of Investments in Certain Residential Mortgage Loans 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s investments in residential mortgage loans are measured at fair value. The Company s securitized residential mortgage loans and residential mortgage loans included in its consolidated balances and held through its investments in debt and equity of affiliates (referred to as Non-QM Loans and Re/Non-Performing Loans) were 3,707.1 million, 421.5 million, and 38.9 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The valuation of the Company s residential mortgage loans is determined by Management using third-party pricing services where available, valuation analyses from third-party pricing service providers, or model-based pricing. Third party pricing service providers conduct independent valuation analyses based on a review of source documents, available market data, and comparable investments. Management uses loan level data and macro-economic inputs to generate loss adjusted cash flows and other information in determining the fair value. The variables considered most significant to the determination of the fair value of the Company's residential mortgage loans include market-implied discount rates, projections of default rates, delinquency rates, prepayment rates, loss severity, recovery rates, reperformance rates, and timeline to liquidation. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the fair value of investments in certain residential mortgage loans is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to develop the fair value measurements of residential mortgage loans, which in turn led to (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions related to market-implied discount rates, projections of default rates, delinquency rates, prepayment rates, and loss severity, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of the residential mortgage loans, including controls over the prices received from an independent third-party pricing service, data inputs, and significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others (i) developing an independent estimate of the value for certain investments by obtaining independent pricing from third party vendors and comparing those prices to prices used by management and (ii) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of prices for a sample of residential mortgage loans and comparing the independent estimate to management s estimate to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate. Developing the independent estimate involved (i) testing the data provided by management and (ii) independently developing the assumptions related to market implied discount rates, projections of default rates, delinquency rates, prepayment rates, and loss severity, by utilizing data obtained from market sources and observable transactions under a variety of macroeconomic scenarios. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 
 
 80 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Securitized residential mortgage loans, at fair value - and pledged as collateral, respectively (1) 
 Residential mortgage loans, at fair value - and pledged as collateral, respectively 
 Residential mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value - and pledged as collateral, respectively 
 Real estate securities, at fair value - and pledged as collateral, respectively 
 Investments in debt and equity of affiliates Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Securitized debt, at fair value (1) Financing arrangements Dividend payable Other liabilities (2) Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock - aggregate liquidation preference 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares of common stock authorized and and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings/(deficit) ) ) Total Stockholders' Equity Total Liabilities Stockholders' Equity 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 81 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Net Interest Income Interest income Interest expense Total Net Interest Income Other Income/(Loss) Net interest component of interest rate swaps ) ) Net realized gain/(loss) Net unrealized gain/(loss) ) Other income/(loss), net Total Other Income/(Loss) ) Expenses Management fee to affiliate (1) Non-investment related expenses (1) Investment related expenses (1) Transaction related expenses (1) Total Expenses Income/(loss) before equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates ) Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates ) Net Income/(Loss) ) Gain on Exchange Offers, net (Note 11) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Net Income/(Loss) Available to Common Stockholders ) Earnings/(Loss) Per Share of Common Stock (2) Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted Average Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding (2) Basic Diluted 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock (1) Preferred Stock Additional Paid-in Capital (1) Retained Earnings/(Deficit) Shares Amount Total Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Grant of restricted stock Common dividends declared ) ) Preferred dividends declared ) ) Exchange Offers (Note 11) ) ) Net Income/(Loss) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Balance at January 1, 2022 ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Grant of restricted stock Common dividends declared ) ) Preferred dividends declared ) ) Net Income/(Loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income/(loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net amortization of premium Net realized (gain)/loss ) ) Net unrealized (gain)/loss ) Equity based compensation expense (Income)/loss from investments in debt and equity of affiliates in excess of distributions received 
 ) Change in operating assets/liabilities: Other assets ) ) Other liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchase of residential mortgage loans ) ) Purchase of real estate securities ) ) Origination of commercial loans ) Purchase of commercial loans ) Investments in debt and equity of affiliates ) ) Proceeds from sale of residential mortgage loans Proceeds from sale of real estate securities Proceeds from sale of commercial loans Principal repayments on residential mortgage loans Principal repayments on real estate securities Principal repayments on commercial loans Distributions received in excess of income from investments in debt and equity of affiliates Net settlement of interest rate swaps and other instruments Net settlement of TBAs Cash flows provided by other investing activities Cash flows used in other investing activities ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net borrowings under (repayments of) financing arrangements ) Deferred financing costs paid ) ) Repayments of secured debt ) Proceeds from issuance of securitized debt Principal repayments on securitized debt ) ) Net collateral received from (paid to) derivative counterparty 
 84 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, Beginning of Year Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, End of Year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest on financing arrangements Cash paid for excise and income tax Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing and investing activities: Common stock dividends declared but not paid Exchange Offers (Note 11) Holdback receivable on sale of excess MSRs Transfer from residential mortgage loans to other assets 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 85 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 interest, and through other third-party origination partners. 
 
 The Company s assets, excluding its ownership in Arc Home, include Residential Investments and Agency RMBS. Currently, its Residential Investments primarily consist of newly originated Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans. The Company may invest in other types of residential mortgage loans and other mortgage related assets. The Company also invests in Residential Investments through its unconsolidated ownership interests in affiliates which are included in the "Investments in debt and equity of affiliates" line item on its consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company conducts its business through reportable segment, Loans and Securities, which reflects how the Company manages its business and analyzes and reports its results of operations. 
 
 The Company was incorporated in the state of Maryland on March 1, 2011 and commenced operations in July 2011. The Company conducts its operations to qualify and be taxed as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). The Company is externally managed by AG REIT Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Manager"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Angelo, Gordon Co., L.P. ("Angelo Gordon"), a privately-held, SEC-registered investment adviser. The Manager has delegated to Angelo Gordon the overall responsibility of its day-to-day duties and obligations arising under the management agreement. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

86 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2. 
 million and million of other operating expenses into the "Non-investment related expenses" and "Investment related expenses" line items on the consolidated statement of operations, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company reclassified million of servicing fees into the "Investment related expenses" line item on the consolidated statement of operations. In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation for the annual period of the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows have been included and are of a normal and recurring nature. 

87 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

interest in AG Arc. Arc Home originates residential mortgage loans and retains the mortgage servicing rights associated with certain loans it originates. Arc Home is led by an external management team. The Company has chosen to make a fair value election with respect to its investment in AG Arc pursuant to ASC 825. The Company elected to treat its investment in AG Arc as a taxable REIT subsidiary. As a result, income or losses recognized by the Company from its investment in AG Arc are recorded in "Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates" line item on the Company's consolidated statement of operations net of income taxes. 
 
 From time to time, the Company acquires newly originated residential mortgage loans from Arc Home. In connection with the sale of loans from Arc Home to the Company, gains or losses recorded by Arc Home are consolidated into AG Arc. In accordance with ASC 323-10, for loans acquired from Arc Home that remain on the Company's consolidated balance sheet at period end, the Company eliminates any profits or losses typically recognized through the "Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates" line item on the Company's consolidated statement of operations and adjusts the cost basis of the underlying loans resulting in unrealized gains or losses. 
 88 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Additionally, the Company enters into forward purchase commitments with Arc Home whereby the Company commits to purchase residential mortgage loans from Arc Home at a particular price on a best-efforts basis. See the "Accounting for derivative financial instruments - Forward purchase commitments" policy below and Note 10 for additional detail. 
 
 MATH 
 
 On August 29, 2017, the Company, alongside private funds managed by Angelo Gordon, formed Mortgage Acquisition Holding I LLC ("MATH") to conduct a residential mortgage investment strategy. The Company has an approximate interest in MATH. MATH in turn sponsored the formation of an entity called Mortgage Acquisition Trust I LLC ("MATT") to purchase predominantly Non-QM Loans. MATT made an election to be treated as a real estate investment trust beginning with the 2018 tax year. As of December 31, 2022, MATT only holds retained tranches from past securitizations which continue to pay down and the Company does not expect to acquire additional investments within this equity method investment. 
 
 LOTS 
 
 and interest in LOT SP I LLC and LOT SP II LLC, respectively. LOTS were formed to originate first mortgage loans to third-party land developers and home builders for the acquisition and horizontal development of land ("Land Related Financing"). The LOTS investments continue to pay down and the Company does not expect to originate new loans within this equity method investment. 
 
 89 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million of cash and cash equivalents, of which million were cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2021, the Company held million of cash and cash equivalents, of which were cash equivalents. The Company places its cash with high credit quality institutions to minimize credit risk exposure. Cash pledged to the Company as collateral is unrestricted in use and, accordingly, is included as a component of "Cash and cash equivalents" on the consolidated balance sheets. Any cash held by the Company as collateral is included in the "Other liabilities" line item on the consolidated balance sheets and changes in cash held by the Company as collateral are included in cash flows from financing activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows. "Other liabilities" does not include variation margin received on centrally cleared derivatives. Refer to the "Accounting for derivative financial instruments" policy below for additional detail. Any cash due to the Company in the form of principal payments is included in the "Other assets" line item on the consolidated balance sheets and any changes in principal payments due to the Company are included in the cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 90 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Restricted cash also includes variation margin pledged on centrally cleared derivatives. Refer to the "Accounting for derivative financial instruments" policy below for additional detail. 

91 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

92 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Realized gains and losses 
 
 Realized gains or losses on sales of loans, securities, and derivatives are included in the "Net realized gain/(loss)" line item on the consolidated statement of operations. The cost of loans, securities, and derivatives sold is calculated using a first in, first out ("FIFO") basis. Realized gains and losses are recorded in earnings at the time of disposition. 
 
 The Manager waived the annual incentive fee with respect to the fiscal years ending December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, and the annual incentive fee will first be payable with respect to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. For a more detailed discussion on the fees payable under the management agreement, see Note 10. 

93 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Reverse stock split 
 
 On July 12, 2021, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a one-for-three reverse stock split of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. The reverse stock split was effected following the close of business on July 22, 2021 (the "Effective Time"). At the Effective Time, every three issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock were combined into one share of the Company s common stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split. Instead, each stockholder holding fractional shares was entitled to receive, in lieu of such fractional shares, cash in an amount determined based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of the Effective Time. The reverse stock split applied to all of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock and did not affect any stockholder s ownership percentage of shares of the Company's common stock, except for immaterial changes resulting from the payment of cash for fractional shares. All per share amounts and common shares outstanding for all periods presented in the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the Company's reverse stock split, where applicable. See Note 11 for further details. 

Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock"), Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series B Preferred Stock"), and Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock ("Series C Preferred Stock") are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at a rate of , and per annum, respectively, of the per share liquidation preference for each series. On and after September 17, 2024, dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock will accumulate at a percentage of the liquidation preference equal to an annual floating rate of the then three-month LIBOR (or as replaced by the existing LIBOR cessation fallback language) plus a spread of per annum. If the Company s Board of Directors does not declare a dividend in a given period, an accrual is not recorded on the balance sheet. However, undeclared preferred stock dividends are reflected in earnings per share as discussed in ASC 260-10-45-11. Preferred stock dividends that are not declared accumulate and are added to the liquidation preference as of the scheduled payment date for the respective series of the preferred stock. The undeclared and unpaid dividends on the Company s preferred stock accrue without interest, and if dividends on the Company's preferred stock are in arrears, the Company cannot pay cash dividends with respect to its common stock. See Note 11 for further detail on the Company s Preferred Stock. 
 94 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

95 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 3. 
 ) Agency-Eligible Loans ) ) Re- and Non-Performing Loans ) ) Total Securitized residential mortgage loans, at fair value ) Residential mortgage loans, at fair value Non-Agency Loans (3) ) ) Agency-Eligible Loans (3) ) Re- and Non-Performing Loans ) N/A Total Residential mortgage loans, at fair value ) ) Total as of December 31, 2022 
 ) Unpaid Principal Balance Gross Unrealized Weighted Average December 31, 2021 
 Premium (Discount) Amortized Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Coupon Yield Life (Years) (1) Securitized residential mortgage loans, at fair value (2) Non-Agency Loans ) Re- and Non-Performing Loans ) ) Total Securitized residential mortgage loans, at fair value ) ) Residential mortgage loans, at fair value Non-Agency Loans ) Agency-Eligible Loans ) Re- and Non-Performing Loans ) N/A Total Residential mortgage loans, at fair value ) Total as of December 31, 2021 
 ) 
 (1) This is based on projected life. Typically, actual maturities are shorter than stated contractual maturities. Maturities are affected by the lives of the underlying mortgage loans, periodic payments of principal, and prepayments of principal. 
 (2) Refer to the "Variable interest entities" section below for additional details related to the assets and liabilities of VIEs consolidated on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Includes fair value of million and million of Non-Agency Loans and Agency-Eligible Loans, respectively, classified as held for sale and presented in the "Residential mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. Subsequent to year end, these loans were sold. Refer to Note 14 for additional detail. 
 
 96 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Agency-Eligible Loans Re- and Non-Performing Loans Total Securitized residential mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Non-Agency Loans Agency-Eligible Loans Re- and Non-Performing Loans (1) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total Residential mortgage loans Total as of December 31, 2022 
 Unpaid Principal Balance Weighted Average (1)(2) Aging by Unpaid Principal Balance (1)(3) December 31, 2021 
 Loan Count (1) Original LTV Ratio Current FICO (4) Current 30-59 Days 60-89 Days 90+ Days Securitized residential mortgage loans Non-Agency Loans Re- and Non-Performing Loans Total Securitized residential mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Non-Agency Loans Agency-Eligible Loans Re- and Non-Performing Loans (1) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total Residential mortgage loans Total as of December 31, 2021 
 
 (1) Loan count, weighted average, and aging data excludes the Re- and Non-Performing Loans subcategory of Residential mortgage loans above as there may be limited data available regarding the underlying collateral of these residual positions. 
 (2) Amounts are weighted based on unpaid principal balance. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, the Company had residential mortgage loans that were 90+ days delinquent and loans in the process of foreclosure with a fair value of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had residential mortgage loans that were 90+ days delinquent and loans in the process of foreclosure with a fair value of million and million, respectively. 

Agency-Eligible Loans Total 
 97 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) Agency-Eligible Loans ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Non-Agency Loans (1) ) Re- and Non-Performing Loans Securitized Re- and Non-Performing Loans ) 

The Company s residential mortgage loan portfolio consisted of mortgage loans on residential real estate located throughout the United States. The following is a summary of the geographic concentration of credit risk as of 
 
 New York Florida New Jersey Texas 
 (1) Excludes the Re- and Non-Performing Loans subcategory of Residential mortgage loans above as there may be limited data available regarding the underlying collateral of these residual positions. 
 
 Accretion ) ) Reclassifications from/(to) non-accretable difference Disposals ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 98 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Agency-Eligible VIEs RPL/NPL VIEs Securitized residential mortgage loans, at fair value Restricted cash Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Non-Agency VIEs Agency-Eligible VIEs RPL/NPL VIEs Securitized debt, at fair value (2) Other liabilities Total Liabilities Total Equity (3) 
 (1) This is based on projected life. Typically, actual maturities are shorter than stated contractual maturities. Maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal, and prepayments of principal. 
 (2) The holders of the securitized debt have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. The Company has no obligation to provide any other explicit or implicit support to the Residential Mortgage Loan VIEs. 
 million and million, respectively, collateralized by certain of the Company's retained interests in the Residential Mortgage Loan VIEs. See Note 6 for more detail regarding the Company's financing arrangements. 
 
 Commercial loans 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not hold any commercial loans. 
 
 commercial loans for total proceeds of million, recording realized losses of million. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company's remaining commercial loans were repaid in full for total proceeds of million, recording realized gains of million. In connection with the repayment of one of these loans, the Company received million of deferred interest for the 12-month period following a loan modification entered into with the borrower during the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 99 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

4. 
 ) ) Non-Agency Securities (2) ) ) Non-Agency RMBS Interest Only (2) ) Total Non-Agency RMBS ) ) Agency RMBS Interest Only ) ) Total as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 
 Current Face Premium / 
 (Discount) 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Weighted Average December 31, 2021 Gains Losses Fair Value Coupon (1) Yield Non-Agency RMBS Non-Agency Securities (2) ) ) Non-Agency RMBS Interest Only (2) ) ) Re/Non-Performing Securities ) Total Non-Agency RMBS ) ) Agency RMBS 30 Year Fixed Rate ) Total as of December 31, 2021 
 ) ) 
 (1) Equity residual investments with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 
 (2) Comprised of Non-QM securities and Non-QM interest-only securities retained from a rated Non-QM Loan securitization the Company participated in alongside a private fund under the management of Angelo Gordon. Upon evaluating its investment in the VIE, the Company determined it was not the primary beneficiary and, as a result, did not consolidate the securitization trust. In addition, the Company determined the sale of the residential mortgage loans into the securitization qualified for sale accounting and derecognized the loans from its consolidated balance sheets. The Company has a interest in the retained subordinate tranches which represents its continuing involvement in the securitization trust. The Company has no obligation to provide any other explicit or implicit support to the securitization trust. 
 
 100 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Greater than five years and less than or equal to ten years Greater than ten years Total as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Non-Agency RMBS Agency RMBS December 31, 2021 
 Weighted Average Life (1) 
 Fair Value Amortized Cost Weighted Average Coupon (2) Fair Value Amortized Cost Weighted Average Coupon Less than or equal to one year Greater than one year and less than or equal to five years Greater than five years and less than or equal to ten years Greater than ten years Total as of December 31, 2021 
 
 (1) This is based on projected life. Typically, actual maturities are shorter than stated contractual maturities. Maturities are affected by the contractual lives of the underlying mortgages, periodic payments of principal and prepayments of principal. 
 (2) Equity residual investments securities with a zero coupon rate are excluded from this calculation. 
 
 ) Year ended December 31, 2021 
 ) 
 
 101 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 5. 
 Residential mortgage loans (1) Non-Agency RMBS (2) Non-Agency RMBS Interest Only Agency Interest Only Derivative assets (3) Cash equivalents (4) AG Arc (5) Total Assets Measured at Fair Value Liabilities: Securitized debt ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Total Liabilities Measured at Fair Value ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Securitized residential mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Non-Agency RMBS (2) Non-Agency RMBS Interest Only 30 Year Fixed Rate Agency RMBS Derivative assets (3) AG Arc (5) Total Assets Measured at Fair Value Liabilities: Securitized debt ) ) Derivative liabilities (3) ) ) ) Total Liabilities Measured at Fair Value ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes Residential mortgage loans held for sale. 
 (2) Non-Agency RMBS is comprised of Non-Agency, Agency-Eligible, and Re/Non-Performing Securities. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, the Company applied a reduction in fair value of million to its interest rate swap assets related to variation margin with a corresponding increase in restricted cash, net of collateral posted by the Company's derivative counterparties. As of December 31, 2021, the Company applied a reduction in fair value of million and million to its interest rate swap assets and liabilities, respectively, related to variation margin with a corresponding increase or decrease in restricted cash, respectively. Derivative assets and liabilities are included in the " Other assets " and "Other liabilities" line items on the consolidated balance sheets, respectively. Refer to Note 2 and Note 7 for more information on the Company's accounting policies with regard to derivatives. 
 (4) Refer to Note 2 for more information on the Company's accounting policies with regard to cash equivalents. 
 (5) Refer to Note 2 for more information on the Company's accounting policies with regard to AG Arc. The table above includes the Company's investment in AG Arc, which is included in its "Investments in debt and equity of affiliates" line item on the consolidated balance sheets, as the Company has chosen to elect the fair value option with respect to its investment pursuant to ASC 825. 
 
 102 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

103 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) ) Purchases Issuances of Securitized Debt ) Capital distributions ) Proceeds from sales ) Principal repayments ) ) ) Total net gains/(losses) (3) Included in net income ) ) ) ) Ending Balance ) ) Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) for level 3 assets/liabilities still held as of December 31, 2022 (4) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes Securitized residential mortgage loans and Residential mortgage loans held for sale. 
 (2) Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are included in the "Other assets" and "Other liabilities" line items, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Gains/(losses) are recorded in the following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 
 Net unrealized gain/(loss) ) Net realized gain/(loss) ) Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates ) Total ) 
 (4) Unrealized gains/(losses) are recorded in the following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 
 Net unrealized gain/(loss) ) Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates ) Total ) 
 
 104 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Transfers (3): Transfers out of level 3 ) Purchases Issuances of Securitized Debt ) Capital distributions ) Proceeds from sales ) ) ) Principal repayments ) ) ) Total net gains/(losses) (4) Included in net income ) ) ) Ending Balance ) ) Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) for level 3 assets still held as of December 31, 2021 (5) 
 ) ) 
 (1) Includes Securitized residential mortgage loans 
 (2) Derivative liabilities are included in the "Other liabilities" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Transfers are assumed to occur at the beginning of the period. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company transferred one Non-Agency RMBS into the Level 2 category from the Level 3 category under the fair value hierarchy of ASC 820. 
 (4) Gains/(losses) are recorded in the following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 
 Net unrealized gain/(loss) Net realized gain/(loss) Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates Total 
 (5) Unrealized gains/(losses) are recorded in the following line items in the consolidated statement of operations: 
 Net unrealized gain/(loss) Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates Total 
 
 105 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 - 
 Securitized Residential Mortgage Loans Discounted Cash Flows Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - - 
 Yield - 
 Residential Mortgage Loans (2) Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - - 
 Consensus Pricing Broker Quotes - ) 
 Yield - 
 Non-Agency RMBS Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - 
 Yield - 
 Non-Agency RMBS Interest Only Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - 
 Yield - 
 Derivative Assets (3) Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - 
 Pull through Percentages - 
 AG Arc Comparable Multiple Book Value Multiple x - x x) 
 Liability Class Fair Value at December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) Yield - 
 Securitized Debt ) Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - - 
 Yield - 
 Derivative Liabilities (3) ) Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - 
 Pull Through Percentages - 
 
 (1) Amounts are weighted based on fair value. 
 (2) Includes Residential mortgage loans held for sale. 
 (3) Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are included in the "Other assets" and "Other liabilities" line items, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. 

106 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 - 
 Securitized Residential Mortgage Loans Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - - 
 Yield - 
 Residential Mortgage Loans Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - - 
 Consensus Pricing Broker Quotes - ) 
 Recent Transaction Cost N/A 
 Yield - 
 Non-Agency RMBS Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - - 
 Yield - 
 Non-Agency RMBS Interest Only Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - 
 AG Arc Comparable Multiple Book Value Multiple x - x x) 
 Liability Class Fair Value at December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) Yield - 
 Securitized Debt ) Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - 
 Yield - 
 Derivative Liabilities (2) ) Discounted Cash Flow Projected Collateral Prepayments - 
 Projected Collateral Losses - 
 Projected Collateral Severities - 
 Pull Through Percentages - 
 
 (1) Amounts are weighted based on fair value. 
 (2) Derivative liabilities are included in the "Other liabilities" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 107 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 6. 
 
 Jan 2023 - Mar 2023 Residential mortgage loans (4)(5) Mar 2023 - Jan 2024 Non-Agency RMBS Jan 2023 - Mar 2023 Agency RMBS Jan 2023 Total Financing Arrangements Securitized debt, at fair value (6) N/A N/A Total Financing 
 (1) The Company also had million and million of cash pledged under repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Under the terms of the Company s financing agreements, the Company's financing counterparties may, in certain cases, sell or re-hypothecate the pledged collateral. 
 (3) Amounts pledged as collateral under Securitized residential mortgage loans include certain of the Company's retained interests in securitizations. Refer to Note 3 for more information on the Residential Mortgage Loan VIEs. 
 (4) The Company's Residential mortgage loan financing arrangements include a maximum uncommitted borrowing capacity of billion on facilities used to finance Non-Agency and Agency-Eligible Loans. 
 (5) The funding cost includes deferred financing costs. The weighted average stated rate on the Residential mortgage loans repurchase agreements was as of December 31, 2022. 
 (6) The holders of the securitized debt have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. The Company has no obligation to provide any other explicit or implicit support to the Residential Mortgage Loan VIEs. 
 
 Residential mortgage loans Non-Agency RMBS Agency RMBS Total Financing Arrangements 
 
 Counterparties 
 
 The Company had outstanding financing arrangements with and counterparties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Barclays Capital Inc. BofA Securities, Inc. 

Financial Covenants 
 
 The Company s financing arrangements generally include customary representations, warranties, and covenants, but may also contain more restrictive supplemental terms and conditions. Although specific to each financing arrangement, typical supplemental terms include requirements of minimum equity and liquidity, leverage ratios, and performance triggers. In 
 108 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

7. 
 Derivative assets, at fair value Other assets Due from broker Total Other assets Other liabilities Due to affiliates (1) Interest payable Derivative liabilities, at fair value Purchase price payable on loans (2) Accrued expenses Due to broker Total Other liabilities 
 (1) Refer to Note 10 for more information 
 (2) Represents the portion of the purchase price on certain Non-Agency and Agency-Eligible Loans that had not yet settled as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 109 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Short TBAs Other assets Short TBAs Other liabilities ) Forward Purchase Commitments Other assets Forward Purchase Commitments Other liabilities ) ) 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no derivatives held by the Company were designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, the Company applied a reduction in fair value of million to its interest rate swap assets related to variation margin with a corresponding increase in restricted cash, net of collateral posted by the Company's derivative counterparties. As of December 31, 2021, the Company applied a reduction in fair value of million and million to its interest rate swap assets and liabilities, respectively, related to variation margin with a corresponding increase or decrease in restricted cash, respectively. 
 
 Short TBAs USD Forward Purchase Commitments USD 
 , a weighted average receive-variable rate of , and a weighted average years to maturity of years. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's pay fix/receive float interest rate swaps had a weighted average pay-fixed rate of , a weighted average receive-variable rate of , and a weighted average years to maturity of years. 

Derivative and other instruments eligible for offset are presented gross on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, if applicable. The Company has not offset or netted any derivatives or other instruments with any financial instruments or cash collateral posted or received. 
 
 The Company must post cash or securities as collateral on its derivative instruments when their fair value declines. This typically occurs when prevailing market rates change adversely, with the severity of the change also dependent on the term of the derivatives involved. The posting of collateral is generally bilateral, meaning that if the fair value of the Company s derivatives increases, its counterparty must post collateral. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's restricted cash balance included million of collateral related to certain derivatives, of which million represents cash collateral posted by the Company and million represents amounts related to variation margin. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's restricted cash balance included million of collateral related to certain derivatives, of which million represents cash collateral posted by the Company and million represents amounts related to variation margin. 
 
 110 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Short TBAs ) Forward Purchase Commitments ) Other ) Included within Net realized gain/(loss) Interest Rate Swaps Long TBAs ) Short TBAs Forward Purchase Commitments ) Other ) Total income/(loss) 
 
 TBAs 

) December 31, 2022 
 Short TBAs ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 
 Short TBAs ) ) ) ) 

8. 
 111 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Gain on Exchange Offers, net (Note 11) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Net Income/(Loss) Available to Common Stockholders ) Denominator: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Earnings/(Loss) Per Share Basic ) Diluted ) 
 
 Dividends 
 
 3/22/2021 4/1/2021 4/30/2021 6/15/2022 6/30/2022 7/29/2022 6/15/2021 6/30/2021 7/30/2021 9/15/2022 9/30/2022 10/31/2022 9/15/2021 9/30/2021 10/29/2021 12/19/2022 12/30/2022 1/31/2023 12/15/2021 12/31/2021 1/31/2022 Total Total 
 
 The following tables detail the Company's preferred stock dividends declared and paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 Cash Dividend Per Share Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Series A 
 Series B 
 Series C 
 2/18/2022 2/28/2022 3/17/2022 5/2/2022 5/31/2022 6/17/2022 8/3/2022 8/31/2022 9/19/2022 11/3/2022 11/30/2022 12/19/2022 Total 2021 Cash Dividend Per Share Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Series A 
 Series B 
 Series C 
 2/16/2021 2/26/2021 3/17/2021 5/17/2021 5/28/2021 6/17/2021 7/30/2021 8/31/2021 9/17/2021 11/5/2021 11/30/2021 12/17/2021 Total 
 112 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9. 
 t recognize any excise tax. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards of million and million, respectively, that can be used to offset future taxable ordinary income and reduce its REIT distribution requirements. These NOLs do not have an expiration date and can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had estimated net capital loss ("NCL") carryforwards of million and million, respectively, the majority of which were generated during the COVID-19 pandemic. The NCL carryforwards can be utilized to offset future net gains from the sale of capital assets. These NCL carryforwards have an expiration date of 5 years of which the majority will expire in 2025. 
 
 Taxable REIT Subsidiaries 
 
 The Company elected to treat certain domestic subsidiaries as TRSs. The Company s financial results are generally not expected to reflect provisions for current or deferred income taxes, except for any activities conducted through one or more TRSs that are subject to corporate income taxation. Currently, the Company has wholly owned domestic TRSs that are taxable as corporations and subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax on net income at the applicable corporate rates. The federal statutory rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 21 . The Company s effective tax rate differs from its combined U.S. federal, state and local corporate statutory tax rate primarily due to income earned at the REIT, which is not subject to tax, due to the deduction for qualifying distributions made by the Company, and any change in the valuation allowance as disclosed in further detail below. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of current income tax expense attributable to its TRSs which is recorded in the "Non-investment related expenses" line item on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company did t record any income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax reporting purposes at the TRS level. 
 
 Capital loss carryforwards (1) GAAP/tax basis differences Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 (1) Capital loss carryforwards expire between 2026 and 2027. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s TRSs had an estimated gross NOL carryforward of million and million, respectively. This includes NOL carryforwards generated prior to 2018 of million which will expire between 2033 and 2037. The remaining net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which temporary differences become deductible. The Company concluded it is more likely 
 113 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Uncertain Income Tax Positions 
 
 Based on its analysis of any potential uncertain income tax positions, the Company concluded it did not have any uncertain tax positions that meet the recognition or measurement criteria of ASC 740 as of December 31, 2022. The Company s federal income tax returns for the last three tax years are open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. There are no ongoing U.S. federal, state or local tax examinations related to the Company. In the event that the Company incurs income tax related interest and penalties, its policy is to classify them as a component of provision for income taxes. 

10. 
 
 period, subject to certain termination rights. The Company is externally managed and advised by the Manager. Pursuant to the terms of the management agreement, which became effective July 6, 2011 (upon the consummation of the Company s initial public offering (the "IPO")), the Manager provides the Company with its management team, including its officers, along with appropriate support personnel. Each of the Company s officers is an employee of Angelo Gordon. The Company does not have any employees. The Manager has delegated to Angelo Gordon the overall responsibility of its day-to-day duties and obligations arising under the Company s management agreement. Below is a description of the fees and reimbursements provided in the management agreement. 
 
 Management fee 
 
 The Manager is entitled to a management fee equal to per annum, calculated and paid quarterly, of the Company s Stockholders Equity. For purposes of calculating the management fee, "Stockholders Equity" means the sum of the net proceeds from any issuances of equity securities (including preferred securities) since inception (allocated on a pro rata daily basis for such issuances during the fiscal quarter of any such issuance, and excluding any future equity issuance to the Manager), plus the Company s retained earnings at the end of such quarter (without taking into account any non-cash equity compensation expense or other non-cash items described below incurred in current or prior periods), less any amount that the Company pays for repurchases of its common stock, excluding any unrealized gains, losses or other non-cash items that have impacted stockholders equity as reported in the Company s financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, regardless of whether such items are included in other comprehensive income or loss, or in net income, and excluding one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP, and certain other non-cash charges after discussions between the Manager and the Company s independent directors and after approval by a majority of the Company s independent directors. Stockholders Equity, for purposes of calculating the management fee, could be greater or less than the amount of stockholders equity shown on the Company s financial statements. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded management fees payable of million and million, respectively. The management fee payable is included within the "Due to affiliates" item within the "Other liabilities" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Incentive fee 
 
 In connection with the common stock offering in November 2021, including the Manager's purchase of shares in the offering, on November 22, 2021, the Company and the Manager executed an amendment (the "Third Amendment") to the management agreement, pursuant to which the Company will pay the Manager an annual incentive fee in addition to the base management fee. Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the Manager waived the annual incentive fee with respect to the fiscal years ending December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, and the annual incentive fee will first be payable with respect to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 114 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 of the amount by which the Company's cumulative adjusted net income from the date of the Third Amendment exceeds the cumulative hurdle amount, which represents an return (cumulative, but not compounding) on an equity hurdle base consisting of the sum of (i) the Company's adjusted book value (calculated in the manner described in the Company's public filings) as of October 31, 2021, (ii) million, and (iii) the gross proceeds of any subsequent public or private common stock offerings by the Company. The annual incentive fee will be payable in cash, or, at the option of the Company's Board of Directors, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Third Amendment, the term of the management agreement was extended until June 30, 2023, unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms. Thereafter, the management agreement will continue to renew automatically each year for an additional period, unless the Company or the Manager exercise its respective termination rights. All other terms and conditions of the management agreement continued without change. 
 
 Termination fee 
 
 Upon the occurrence of (i) the Company s termination of the management agreement without cause or (ii) the Manager s termination of the management agreement upon a breach by the Company of any material term of the management agreement, the Manager will be entitled to a termination fee equal to times the average annual management fee during the period prior to such termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no event of termination of the management agreement had occurred. 
 
 Expense reimbursement 
 
 The Company is required to reimburse the Manager or its affiliates for operating expenses which are incurred by the Manager or its affiliates on behalf of the Company, including expenses relating to legal, accounting, due diligence and other services. The Company s reimbursement obligation is not subject to any dollar limitation; however, the reimbursement is subject to an annual budget process which combines guidelines from the management agreement with oversight by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 The Company reimburses the Manager or its affiliates for the Company s allocable share of the compensation, including, without limitation, annual base salary, bonus, any related withholding taxes and employee benefits paid to (i) the Company s chief financial officer based on the percentage of time spent on Company affairs, (ii) the Company s general counsel based on the percentage of time spent on the Company s affairs, and (iii) other corporate finance, tax, accounting, internal audit, legal, risk management, operations, compliance and other non-investment personnel of the Manager and its affiliates who spend all or a portion of their time managing the Company s affairs based upon the percentage of time devoted by such personnel to the Company s affairs. In their capacities as officers or personnel of the Manager or its affiliates, they devote such portion of their time to the Company s affairs as is necessary to enable the Company to operate its business. 
 
 Investment related expenses 
 Transaction related expenses Expense reimbursements to Manager or its affiliates 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Manager agreed to waive its right to receive expense reimbursements of million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a reimbursement payable to the Manager or its affiliates of million and million, respectively. The reimbursement payable to the Manager or its affiliates is included within the "Due to affiliates" item within the "Other liabilities" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 115 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares of common stock to be issued. The maximum number of shares of common stock granted during a single fiscal year to any non-employee director, taken together with any cash fees paid to such non-employee director during any fiscal year, shall not exceed in total value (calculating the value of any such awards based on the grant date fair value). As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were available to be awarded under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Since inception of the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and through December 31, 2022, the Company has granted an aggregate of shares of restricted common stock to its independent directors under its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, all of which have vested. 
 
 Manager Equity Incentive Plans 
 
 Following approval of the Company's stockholders at its 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, the AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 2021 Manager Equity Incentive Plan (the "2021 Manager Plan") became effective on April 7, 2021 and provides for a maximum of shares of common stock that may be subject to awards thereunder to the Manager. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares or awards issued under the 2021 Manager Plan. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 Granted (1) Vested ) ) Forfeited Unvested at end of year 

On December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock. Equity based compensation of million and million was expensed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expense represents the grant date fair value of the restricted stock vested. 
 
 Director compensation 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors consisted of independent directors. The annual base director's fee for each independent director is , of which is payable on a quarterly basis in cash and of which is payable on a quarterly basis in shares of restricted common stock. The number of shares of restricted common stock to be issued each quarter to each independent director is determined based on the average of the high and low prices of the Company s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the last trading day of each fiscal quarter. To the extent that any fractional shares would otherwise be issuable and payable to each independent director, a cash payment is made to each independent director in lieu of any fractional shares. All directors fees are paid pro rata (and restricted common stock grants determined) on a quarterly basis in arrears, and shares issued are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares may not be sold or transferred by such director during the time of their service as an independent member of the Company s board. 
 
 In addition to the annual base director's fee, the lead independent director receives an annual fee of , the chair of the Audit Committee receives an annual fee of , and the chairs of the Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees each receive an annual fee of . Effective October 1, 2022, the role of lead independent director was retired and replaced with the role of non-executive chair of the Board. The non-executive chair of the Board receives an annual fee of , of which is payable in cash and is payable in shares of restricted common stock. 
 
 116 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) ) Land Related Financing (2) Re/Non-Performing Loans ) ) Other ) Residential investments - Fair value / Net income /(loss) ) ) AG Arc - Fair value / Net income/(loss) ) Cash and Other assets/(liabilities) ) ) Investments in debt and equity of affiliates / Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates ) ) ) 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, MATT only holds retained tranches from past securitizations which continue to pay down and the Company does not expect to acquire additional investments within this equity method investment. 

Transactions with affiliates 
 
 Transactions with Red Creek Asset Management LLC 
 
 In connection with the Company s investments in residential mortgage loans, the Company engages asset managers to provide advisory, consultation, asset management and other services. The Company engaged Red Creek Asset Management LLC ("Asset Manager"), a related party of the Manager and direct subsidiary of Angelo Gordon, as the asset manager for certain of its residential mortgage loans. The Company pays the Asset Manager asset management fees which are assessed periodically by a third-party valuation firm. 

The Company recorded asset management fees payable of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Asset management fees payable are included within the "Due to affiliates" item within the "Other liabilities" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 117 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Residential mortgage loans sold by Arc Home to private funds under the management of Angelo Gordon 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a million receivable from Arc Home related to certain loans purchased from Arc Home which was recorded within the "Other assets" line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Arc Home may also enter into agreements with third-parties or affiliates of the Manager to sell rights to receive the excess servicing spread related to MSRs that it either purchases from third-parties or originates. The Company, directly or through its subsidiaries, previously entered into agreements with Arc Home to purchase rights to receive the excess servicing spread related to certain of Arc Home's MSRs, all of which were sold during 2021. 
 
 In July 2021, the Company, alongside private funds under the management of Angelo Gordon, sold its remaining Agency Excess MSRs to Arc Home for total proceeds of million. The portfolio had a total unpaid principal balance of billion. The Company's share of the total proceeds was million, representing its approximate ownership interest. Arc Home subsequently sold its MSR portfolio to a third party. 
 
 The Company enters into forward purchase commitments with Arc Home whereby the Company commits to purchase residential mortgage loans from Arc Home at a particular price on a best-efforts basis. Actual loan purchases are contingent upon successful loan closings. These commitments to purchase mortgage loans are classified as derivatives. See Note 7 and Note 12 for more detail. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that certain loans that it had previously committed to purchase from Arc Home would be sold to third parties. The Company net settled its commitment to purchase these loans with Arc Home for million, which represented the difference between the Company's committed price and the ultimate sale price, inclusive of costs to sell the loans. The settlement of these derivatives were recorded within the "Net realized gain/(loss)" and "Transaction related expenses" line items on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Securitization Transactions 
 
 In May 2021, the Company, alongside private funds under the management of Angelo Gordon, participated through its unconsolidated ownership interest in MATT in a rated Non-QM Loan securitization, in which Non-QM Loans with a fair value of million were securitized. Certain senior tranches in the securitization were sold to third parties with the Company and private funds under the management of Angelo Gordon retaining the subordinate tranches, which had a fair value of million as of June 30, 2021. 
 
 In November 2021, the Company, alongside a private fund under the management of Angelo Gordon, participated in a rated Non-QM Loan securitization, in which Non-QM Loans with a fair value of million were securitized. Upon evaluating its investment in the VIE, the Company determined it was not the primary beneficiary and, as a result, did not consolidate the securitization trust. In addition, the Company determined the sale of the residential mortgage loans into the securitization qualified for sale accounting and derecognized the loans from its consolidated balance sheets. Certain senior tranches in the securitization were sold to third-parties with the Company and the private fund under the management of Angelo Gordon retaining the subordinate tranches, which had a fair value of million as of December 31, 2021. The Company has a interest in the retained subordinate tranches which represents its continuing involvement in the securitization trust. These retained subordinate tranches are included within the "Real estate securities, at fair value" line item on its consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 118 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Competitive bidding process (2) April 2021 Sale of real estate securities Third party pricing vendors (3) July 2021 Sale of real estate securities Competitive bidding process (2) October 2021 Purchase of real estate securities (4) Third party pricing vendors (3) November 2021 Purchase of residential mortgage loans (5) Third party pricing vendors (3) 
 (1) As of the transaction date. 
 (2) The affiliate submitted an offer to purchase the securities from the Company in a competitive bidding process, which allowed the Company to confirm third-party market pricing and best execution. 
 (3) Pricing was based on valuations prepared by third-party pricing vendors in accordance with the Company's policy. 
 (4) The Company purchased the real estate securities through one of its unconsolidated affiliated entities. 
 securitization trusts in which it held interests in the subordinate tranches. Upon exercising its call rights and acquiring the remaining residential mortgage loans within the trusts, MATT sold the loans to the Company and a private fund under the management of Angelo Gordon in accordance with the Company s Affiliated Transactions Policy. As of the date of the transaction, the residential mortgage loans sold to the private fund had a total fair value of million. 

11. 
 
 immediately prior to the Effective Time to . The reverse stock split applied to all of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock and did not affect any stockholder s ownership percentage of shares of the Company's common stock, except for immaterial changes resulting from the payment of cash for fractional shares. All per share amounts and common shares outstanding for all applicable periods presented in the consolidated financial statements have been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the Company's one-for-three reverse stock split. 
 
 119 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of the Company's outstanding common stock (the "2015 Repurchase Program"). As of June 30, 2022, the million maximum repurchase amount authorized under the 2015 Repurchase Program was fully utilized. 
 September 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021 October 1, 2021 to October 31, 2021 2021 Total 2022 Common Share Repurchases May 1, 2022 to May 31, 2022 June 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 2022 Total 
 (1) Based on trade date. 
 (2) Includes brokerage commissions and clearing fees. 
 
 On August 3, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the "2022 Repurchase Program") to repurchase up to million of the Company s outstanding common stock on substantially the same terms as the 2015 Repurchase Program. The 2022 Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date and permits the Company to repurchase its shares through various methods, including open market repurchases, privately negotiated block transactions and Rule 10b5-1 plans. The Company may repurchase shares of its common stock from time to time in compliance with SEC regulations and other legal requirements. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares, and the timing, manner, price, and amount of any such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of factors including market conditions and other corporate considerations as determined by the Company s management, as well as the limits of the 2022 Repurchase Program and the Company's liquidity and business strategy. The 2022 Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of shares and may be modified or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of common stock remained authorized for future share repurchases under the 2022 Repurchase Program. 
 September 1, 2022 to September 30, 2022 October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 to December 30, 2022 Total 
 (1) Based on trade date. 
 (2) Includes brokerage commissions and clearing fees. 
 
 On February 22, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program (the "Preferred Repurchase Program") pursuant to which the Company's Board of Directors granted a repurchase authorization to acquire shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock having an aggregate value of up to million. share repurchases under the Preferred Repurchase Program have been made since its authorization. 
 
 Shares of stock repurchased by the Company under any repurchase program, if any, will be cancelled and, until reissued by the Company, will be deemed to be authorized but unissued shares of its stock as required by Maryland law. The cost of the 
 120 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million aggregate offering price of shares of its common stock from time to time through the Sales Agents under the Securities Act of 1933. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did t issue any shares of common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreements. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued million shares of common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreements for net proceeds of approximately million. Since inception of the program, the Company has issued approximately million shares of common stock under the Equity Distribution Agreements for gross proceeds of million. 
 
 Shelf registration statement 
 
 On May 7, 2021, the Company filed a new shelf registration statement, registering up to billion of its securities, including capital stock (the "2021 Registration Statement"). The 2021 Registration Statement became effective on May 26, 2021 and will expire on May 28, 2024. Upon effectiveness of the 2021 Registration Statement, the Company's previous registration statement filed in 2018 was terminated. 
 
 Common stock offering 
 
 On November 22, 2021, the Company completed a public offering of million shares of its common stock and subsequently issued an additional million shares pursuant to the underwriters' exercise of their over-allotment option at a price of per share. Net proceeds to the Company from the offering were approximately million, after deducting offering expenses. 
 
 Preferred stock 
 
 The Company is authorized to designate and issue up to million shares of preferred stock, par value per share, in one or more classes or series. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million, million, and million of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock, respectively, issued and outstanding. 
 
 August 3, 2017 Series B Preferred Stock September 27, 2012 September 17, 2017 Series C Preferred Stock September 17, 2019 September 17, 2024 Total 
 (1) The Company's Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of per share. 
 (2) Shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Company s Preferred Stock are redeemable at per share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends (whether or not declared) exclusively at the Company s option. Shares of the Company's Series C Preferred Stock may be redeemable earlier than the optional redemption date under certain circumstances intended to preserve its qualification as a REIT for Federal income tax purposes. 
 (3) The initial dividend rate for the Series C Preferred Stock, from and including the date of original issue to, but not including, September 17, 2024, is per annum of the per share liquidation preference. On and after September 17, 2024, dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock will accumulate at a percentage of the liquidation preference equal to an annual floating rate of the then three-month LIBOR (or as replaced by the existing LIBOR cessation fallback language) plus a spread of per annum. 
 (4) Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears on the 17th day of each March, June, September and December and holders are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at the respective stated rate per annum before holders of common stock are entitled to receive any cash dividends. 
 
 The Company's Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock generally do not have any voting rights, subject to an exception in the event the Company fails to pay dividends on such stock for or more quarterly periods (whether or not consecutive). Under such circumstances, holders of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock, Series B 
 121 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 additional directors to the Company s Board of Directors until all unpaid dividends have been paid or declared and set apart for payment. In addition, certain material and adverse changes to the terms of any series of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock cannot be made without the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the series of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and Series C Preferred Stock whose terms are being changed. 
 
 Exchange offers 
 
 June 14, 2021 

12. 
 Land Related Financing (2) Various MATT Non-QM Loans (2)(3) January 28, 2022 Total 
 (1) The Company entered into forward purchase commitments to acquire certain Non-Agency and Agency-Eligible Loans from Arc Home which have not yet settled as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 10 "Transactions with affiliates" for more information. 
 (2) Refer to Note 2 and Note 10 "Investments in debt and equity of affiliates" for more information regarding LOTS and MATH. 
 (3) Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company's commitment on MATT Non-QM Loans was removed. 
 
 122 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 13. 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets (4) Total Assets Liabilities Financing arrangements Other liabilities (4) Total Liabilities Total Members' Equity Total Member's equity Total Liabilities Members' Equity The Company's Investments in debt and equity of affiliates 
 (1) The Company has an approximate interest in AG Arc. 
 (2) The Company has an approximate interest in MATH. 
 (3) The Company has an approximate and interest in LOT SP I LLC and LOT SP II LLC, respectively. 
 (4) Arc Home, as an issuer, has the unilateral right to repurchase Ginnie Mae pool loans it has previously sold or loans in pools it acquired in an MSR purchase (generally loans that are more than 90 days past due). When Arc Home determines there is more than a trivial benefit to repurchase the loans, it records the loans on its consolidated balance sheets as an asset and a corresponding liability. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Other assets and Other liabilities included loans eligible to be repurchased in the amount of million and million, respectively 
 
 123 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Interest expense Total Net Interest Income Other Income/(Loss) Net realized gain/(loss) ) ) Net unrealized gain/(loss) ) ) ) Other income/(loss), net (4) Total Other Income ) ) Expenses Net Income/(Loss) ) ) Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Preferred Interests Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Controlling Interest of Unconsolidated Equity Method Investments ) ) The Company's Equity in earnings/(loss) from affiliates ) ) 
 (1) The Company has an approximate interest in AG Arc. The Company's equity in earnings/(loss) from AG Arc does not include million and million of gains recorded by Arc Home in connection with the sale of residential mortgage loans to the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to Note 2 for more information on this accounting policy. 
 (2) The Company has an approximate interest in MATH. 
 (3) The Company has an approximate and interest in LOT SP I LLC and LOT SP II LLC, respectively. 

Refer to Note 2 and Note 10 for more detail on the Company s investments in unconsolidated equity method affiliates. 

14. 
 
 million shares of common stock for million, representing a weighted average cost of per share. 
 
 The Company sold Non-Agency Loans for gross proceeds of million and Agency-Eligible Loans for gross proceeds of million. These loans were recorded within the "Residential mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value" line item on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company executed a rated Non-Agency securitization, in which loans with a total unpaid principal balance of million were securitized. The securitization converted recourse financing with mark-to-market margin calls to non-recourse financing without mark-to-market margin calls. 
 124 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, and per share, respectively. The dividends will be paid on March 17, 2023 to holders of record on February 28, 2023. 
 125 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of management, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the Unites States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 126 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equity compensation plan information 
 
 We have adopted equity incentive plans to provide incentive compensation to attract and retain qualified directors, officers, consultants and advisors, including our Manager and personnel of our Manager and its affiliates detailed below. 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Effective on April 15, 2020 upon the approval of the Company's stockholders at its 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan provides for a maximum of 666,666 shares of common stock to be issued. As of December 31, 2022, 551,945 shares of common stock were available to be awarded under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Manager Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Following approval of the Company's stockholders at its 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, the AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 2021 Manager Equity Incentive Plan (the "2021 Manager Plan") became effective on April 7, 2021 and provides for a maximum of 573,425 shares of common stock to be issued to the Manager. However, following the execution of the Third Amendment to our management agreement in November 2021, we no longer expect to continue our historical practice of making periodic equity grants to our Manager pursuant to the 2021 Manager Plan. 
 
 The following table presents certain information about our equity incentive plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in the First Column of this Table) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 551,945 2021 Manager Plan 573,425 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 1,125,370 
 
 127 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the Company's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 128 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 2. Schedules to Financial Statements. 
 
 All consolidated financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either inapplicable or not deemed material, or the information required is provided in our Financial Statements and Notes thereto, included in Part II, Item 8, of Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Amendment No. 2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2011 ("Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2"). 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Amendment and Restatement of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2017. 
 3.3 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2022. 
 3.4 
 Articles Supplementary of 8.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2012. 
 3.5 
 Articles Supplementary of 8.00 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2012. 
 3.6 
 Articles Supplementary of 8.000 Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A12B, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2019. 
 3.7 
 Articles of Amendment of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2021. 
 3.8 
 Articles of Amendment of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 27, 2021. 
 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2021 
 4.2 
 Specimen 8.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2012. 
 4.3 
 Specimen 8.00 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2012. 
 4.4 
 Specimen 8.000 Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 of the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A12B, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2019. 
 
 129 

Exhibit No. Description 4.5 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10.1 
 Management Agreement, dated June 29, 2011 by and between the Company and AG REIT Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2022. 
 10.2 
 Form of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between the Company and the Company s directors and officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2022. 
 10.3 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 5, 2017, by and among the Company and JMP Securities LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2017. 
 10.4 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 5, 2017, by and among the Company and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2017. 
 10.5 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 22, 2018, by and among the Company and JMP Securities LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2018. 
 10.6 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 22, 2018, by and among the Company and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2018. 
 10.7 
 First Amendment to Management Agreement, dated April 6, 2020, by and between the Company and AG REIT Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2020. 
 10.8 
 Second Amendment to the Management Agreement, dated September 24, 2020, by and between AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and AG REIT Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2020. 
 10.9 
 Third Amendment to Management Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021, by and between AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. and AG REIT Management, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 22, 2021. 
 10.10 
 AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2021. 
 10.11 
 AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 2021 Manager Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2021. 
 10.12 
 Form of Award Agreement Under the AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, dated as of April 15, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 on the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2020. 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page). 31.1 
 Certification of Thomas J. Durkin pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 130 

Exhibit No. Description 31.2 
 Certification of Anthony W. Rossiello pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Th omas J. Durkin pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Anthony W. Rossiello pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit No. Description 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 AG MORTGAGE INVESTMENT TRUST, INC. February 27, 2023 By: /s/ THOMAS J. DURKIN Thomas J. Durkin Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

131 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Anthony W. Rossiello and Jenny B. Neslin and each of them severally, her or his true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and re-substitution to sign in her or his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as she or he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and her or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 February 27, 2023 By: /s/ THOMAS J. DURKIN Thomas J. Durkin Director, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) February 27, 2023 By: /s/ ANTHONY W. ROSSIELLO Anthony W. Rossiello Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) February 27, 2023 By: /s/ NICHOLAS SMITH Nicholas Smith Director, Chief Investment Officer February 27, 2023 By: /s/ DEBRA HESS Debra Hess Non-Executive Chair, Director February 27, 2023 By: /s/ PETER LINNEMAN Peter Linneman Director February 27, 2023 By: /s/ DIANNE HURLEY Dianne Hurley Director February 27, 2023 By: /s/ MATTHEW JOZOFF Matthew Jozoff Director 
 
 132 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 a12312022exhibit45.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 
 Exhibit 4.5 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 This description of the general terms and provisions of our securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description of the terms of our stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ), our charter and our bylaws. Throughout this exhibit, references to we, our, and us refer to AG Mortgage Investment Trust. 
 
 AUTHORIZED STOCK 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 
 450,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, 1,663,193 of which are shares of 8.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), 3,727,641 of which are shares of 8.000 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock and 3,728,795 of which are shares of 8.00 Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock ). 

Each of the Company s securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act are listed on The New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol MITT, our Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol MITT PrA, our Series B Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol MITT PrB, and our Series C Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol MITT PrC. 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for shares of our stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC., which also serves as the dividend and redemption price disbursing agent for our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock. 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors to amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of stock or the number of shares of any class or series that we have authority to issue without stockholder approval. Our board of directors may classify any unissued shares of preferred stock, and reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or any previously classified but unissued shares of preferred stock, into other classes or series of stock, including one or more classes or series of stock that have priority over our common stock with respect to voting rights, distributions or upon liquidation, and authorize us to issue the newly classified shares. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series, our board of directors is required by the MGCL and our charter to set, subject to the provisions of our charter regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each such class or series. These actions can be taken without stockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law, the terms of any other class or series of our stock or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. 
 Under Maryland law, stockholders are not personally liable for the obligations of a corporation solely as a result of their status as stockholders. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 

Voting Rights of Common Stock 
 
 Subject to the provisions of our charter regarding restrictions on the transfer and ownership of shares of common stock, each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors, and, except as provided with respect to any other class or series of shares of our stock, the holders of our common stock possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election. Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert, sell all or substantially all of its assets, or engage in a statutory share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless advised by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter, unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. Except in connection with certain charter amendments, our charter provides for approval by a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter for the matters described in the preceding sentence. 
 
 Dividends, Liquidation and Other Rights 
 
 All of our outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of our shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends when authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of assets legally available for the payment of dividends. They also are entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, after payment of or adequate provision for all of our known debts and liabilities. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series of our stock and to the provisions of our charter regarding restrictions on transfer and ownership of our stock. 
 
 Holders of our shares of common stock have no appraisal, preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities, except as may be provided by our board of directors in setting the terms and rights of any class or series of shares of our stock. Subject to the restrictions on transfer of capital stock contained in our charter and to the ability of the board of directors to create shares of common stock with differing voting rights, all shares of common stock have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 
 
 PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 General 
 
 Pursuant to our charter, our board of directors is empowered, without any approval of our stockholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series, to establish the number of shares in each class or series, and to set the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of each such class or series. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK 

As of December 31, 2022, 1,663,193 shares of preferred stock were classified and designated as Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to our charter. 
 
 Maturity 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them or they become convertible and are converted as described below under -Conversion Rights. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Series A Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 (1) senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us other than equity securities referred to in clauses (2) and (3) below (2) on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock and all other equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (3) junior to all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (see -Voting Rights below) and (4) effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock), and to the indebtedness of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and declared by us, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 8.25 of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference per annum (equivalent to 2.0625 per annum per share). Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall accrue daily and be cumulative from, and including, the date of original issue and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the 17th day of each March, June, September and December (each, a dividend payment date provided that if any dividend payment date is not a business day, as defined in the articles supplementary, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid on the next succeeding business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that dividend payment date to that next succeeding business day. 
 
 Any dividend payable on the Series A Preferred Stock, including dividends payable for any partial dividend period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable record date, which shall be the last business day of the preceding calendar month, in which the applicable dividend payment date falls (each, a dividend record date ). 
 
 No dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be authorized by our board of directors or paid or set apart for payment by us at any time when the terms and provisions of any agreement of ours, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, prohibit the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute a breach of the agreement or a default under the agreement, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment shall be restricted or 

prohibited by law. You should review the information in our Form 10-K under the section titled Risk Factors-Our ability to pay dividends is limited by the requirements of Maryland law for information as to, among other things, other circumstances under which we may be unable to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will accrue whether or not we have earnings, whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are declared. No interest, or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock which may be in arrears, and holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative dividends described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series A Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated but unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares. 
 
 Future distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash flow from operations, financial condition and capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), any debt service requirements and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to make cash distributions on our preferred stock or what the actual distributions will be for any future period. 
 
 Except as set forth in the immediately succeeding paragraph, unless full cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, (i) no dividends (other than in shares of common stock or in shares of any classes or series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation) shall be declared and paid or set apart for payment upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock (ii) no other distribution shall be declared and made upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock and (iii) no shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, shall be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by us (except by conversion into or exchange for our other capital stock that we may issue ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation and except for transfers made pursuant to the provisions of our charter relating to restrictions on ownership and transfers of our capital stock). 
 
 When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of any other classes or series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, all dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of preferred stock ranking on a parity that we may issue as to dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock, including the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock, shall be declared pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share of Series A Preferred Stock and such other classes or series of preferred stock that we may issue shall in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and such other classes or series of preferred stock that we may issue (which shall not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods if such preferred stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock which may be in arrears. 
 
 Liquidation Preference 

In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our stock we may issue ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our stock we may issue that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. 
 
 In the event that, upon any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our available assets are insufficient to pay the amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable on all shares of other classes or series of our capital stock that we may issue ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, then the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all other such classes or series of capital stock shall share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 
 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to written notice of any such liquidation no fewer than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the payment date. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. The consolidation or merger of us with or into any other corporation, trust or entity or of any other entity with or into us, or the sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property or business, shall not be deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us (although such events may give rise to the special optional redemption and contingent conversion rights described below). 
 
 In determining whether a distribution (other than upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation), by dividend, redemption or other acquisition of shares of our stock or otherwise, is permitted under the MGCL, amounts that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved at the time of distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be added to our total liabilities. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 Optional Redemption . We may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. If we elect to redeem any shares of Series A Preferred Stock as described in this paragraph, we may use any available cash to pay the redemption price, and we will not be required to pay the redemption price only out of the proceeds from the issuance of other equity securities or any other specific source. 
 
 Special Optional Redemption . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below), we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. If, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (whether pursuant to our optional redemption right described above under -Optional Redemption or this special optional redemption right), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will not have the Change of Control Conversion Right (as defined below) described below under -Conversion Rights with respect to the shares called for redemption. 
 
 A Change of Control is deemed to occur when, after the original issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, the following have occurred and are continuing 

the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of our stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of our directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE Amex or Nasdaq, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE Amex or Nasdaq. 
 
 Redemption Procedures. In the event we elect to redeem Series A Preferred Stock, the notice of redemption will be mailed to each holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption at such holder s address as it appears on our stock transfer records and will state the following 
 the redemption date the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed the redemption price the place or places where certificates (if any) for the Series A Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accumulate on the redemption date whether such redemption is being made pursuant to the provisions described above under -Optional Redemption or -Special Optional Redemption if applicable, that such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control and, in that case, a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control and if such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control, that the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock being so called for redemption will not be able to tender such shares of Series A Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and that each share of Series A Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is called, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), for redemption will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 If less than all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder shall also specify the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder to be redeemed. No failure to give such notice or any defect thereto or in the mailing thereof shall affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. 

Holders of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender the Series A Preferred Stock at the place designated in the notice of redemption and shall be entitled to the redemption price and any accumulated and unpaid dividends payable upon the redemption following the surrender. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been given and if we have irrevocably set apart the funds necessary for redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then from and after the redemption date (unless default shall be made by us in providing for the payment of the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any), dividends will cease to accrue on those shares of Series A Preferred Stock, those shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of those shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption. If any redemption date is not a business day, then the redemption price and accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption may be paid on the next business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount payable for the period from and after that redemption date to that next business day. If less than all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock is to be redeemed, the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata (as nearly as may be practicable without creating fractional shares) or by any other equitable method we determine but that will not result in the automatic transfer of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock to a trust as described above under Description of Common Stock-Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer. 
 
 Immediately prior to any redemption of Series A Preferred Stock, we shall pay, in cash, any accumulated and unpaid dividends through and including the redemption date, unless a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case each holder of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on such dividend record date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares before such dividend payment date. Except as provided above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed. 
 
 Unless full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, no shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemed unless all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed and we shall not purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series A Preferred Stock (except by exchanging it for our capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation) provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase or acquisition by us of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to preserve our REIT status for federal income tax purposes or pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to applicable law, we may purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the open market, by tender or by private agreement. Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock that we acquire will become authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, without designation as to class or series, and may thereafter be reissued as any class or series of preferred stock. 
 
 Conversion Rights 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have the right (unless, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder as described above under -Optional Redemption or -Special Optional Redemption, in which case such holder will have the right only with respect to shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are not called for redemption) to convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder, or the Change of Control Conversion Right, on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series A Preferred Stock, or the Common Stock Conversion Consideration, equal to the lesser of 

the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of Series A Preferred Stock plus the amount of any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date for the Series A Preferred Stock, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price, as defined below (such quotient, the Conversion Rate) and 2.2810, or the Share Cap, subject to certain adjustments as described below. 
 
 Anything in the articles supplementary to the contrary notwithstanding and except as otherwise required by law, the persons who are the holders of record of shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on a dividend record date will be entitled to receive the dividend payable on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the conversion of those shares after such dividend record date and on or prior to such dividend payment date and, in such case, the full amount of such dividend shall be paid on such dividend payment date to the persons who were the holders of record at the close of business on such dividend record date. Except as provided above, we will make no allowance for unpaid dividends that are not in arrears on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted. 
 
 The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a distribution of our common stock to existing holders of our common stock), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split) with respect to our common stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of our common stock that is equivalent to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (as defined below), as applicable) issuable or deliverable, as applicable, in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right will not exceed 4,105,800 shares of our common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable), subject to proportionate increase to the extent the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock is exercised, not to exceed 4,721,670 shares of our common stock in total (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable), or the Exchange Cap. The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap and will also be increased on a pro rata basis with respect to any additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock designated and authorized for issuance pursuant to any subsequent articles supplementary. 
 
 In the case of a Change of Control pursuant to which our common stock is or will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof), or the Alternative Form Consideration, a holder of Series A Preferred Stock will receive upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive upon the Change of Control had such holder held a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control, or the Alternative Conversion Consideration the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, whichever shall be applicable to a Change of Control, is referred to as the Conversion Consideration). 
 
 If the holders of our common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in the Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration in respect of such Change of Control will be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our 

common stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of our common stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be, and will be subject to any limitations to which all holders of our common stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in such Change of Control. 
 
 We will not issue fractional shares of our common stock upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control. Instead, we will make a cash payment equal to the value of such fractional shares based upon the Common Stock Price used in determining the Common Stock Conversion Consideration for such Change of Control. 
 
 Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, unless we have, prior to the expiration of such 15-day period, provided notice of our election to redeem all shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the redemption provisions described above, we will provide to holders of Series A Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right. This notice will state the following 
 the events constituting the Change of Control the date of the Change of Control the last date on which the holders of Series A Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price the Change of Control Conversion Date that if, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem all or any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, holders will not be able to convert the shares of Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption and such shares will be redeemed on the related redemption date, even if such shares have already been tendered for conversion pursuant to the Change of Control Conversion Right if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series A Preferred Stock the name and address of the paying agent, transfer agent and conversion agent for the Series A Preferred Stock the procedures that the holders of Series A Preferred Stock must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right (including procedures for surrendering shares for conversion through the facilities of a Depositary (as defined below)), including the form of conversion notice to be delivered by such holders as described below and the last date on which holders of Series A Preferred Stock may withdraw shares surrendered for conversion and the procedures that such holders must follow to effect such a withdrawal. 

Under such circumstances, we will also issue a press release containing such notice for publication on Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if these organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of the press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), and post a notice on our website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first business day following any date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 To exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificates (if any) representing the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer (or, in the case of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock held in book-entry form through a Depositary, to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted through the facilities of such Depositary), together with a written conversion notice in the form provided by us, duly completed, to our transfer agent. The conversion notice must state 
 the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be converted and that the Series A Preferred Stock is to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Change of Control Conversion Date is the date the Series A Preferred Stock is to be converted, which will be a business day selected by us that is no fewer than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Common Stock Price is (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by the holders of our common stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of our common stock or (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of our common stock is other than solely cash (x) the average of the closing sale prices per share of our common stock (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing bid and ask prices per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices per share) for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred as reported on the principal U.S. securities exchange on which our common stock is then traded, or (y) the average of the last quoted bid prices for our common stock in the over-the-counter market as reported by Pink OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred, if our common stock is not then listed for trading on a U.S. securities exchange. 
 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to our transfer agent prior to the close of business on the business day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal delivered by any holder must state 

the number of withdrawn shares of Series A Preferred Stock if certificated Series A Preferred Stock has been surrendered for conversion, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the holder s conversion notice. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, or a similar depositary (each, a Depositary ), the conversion notice and or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable, must comply with applicable procedures, if any, of the applicable Depositary. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date, unless prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, as described above under -Optional Redemption or -Special Optional Redemption, in which case only the shares of Series A Preferred Stock properly surrendered for conversion and not properly withdrawn that are not called for redemption will be converted as aforesaid. If we elect to redeem shares of Series A Preferred Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration on a Change of Control Conversion Date, such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not be so converted and the holders of such shares will be entitled to receive on the applicable redemption date the redemption price described above under -Optional Redemption or -Special Optional Redemption, as applicable. 
 
 We will deliver all securities, cash and any other property owing upon conversion no later than the third business day following the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the persons entitled to receive any shares of our common stock or other securities delivered on conversion will be deemed to have become the holders of record thereof as of the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 In connection with the exercise of any Change of Control Conversion Right, we will comply with all federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock or other property. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Series A Preferred Stock, no holder of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series A Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock to the extent that receipt of such common stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to exceed the applicable share ownership limitations contained in our charter, including the articles supplementary, unless we provide an exemption from this limitation to such holder. See -Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer below. 
 
 The Change of Control conversion feature may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. See our Form 10-K under the section titled Risk Factors-You may not be able to exercise conversion rights upon a Change of Control. If exercisable, the Change of Control Conversion Right may not adequately compensate you. The Change of Control Conversion Rights may also make it more difficult for a party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. 
 
 Except as provided above in connection with a Change of Control, the Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. 
 
 Voting Rights 

Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth below. 
 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears for six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be automatically increased by two (if not already increased by two by reason of the election of directors by the holders of any other class or series of our preferred stock we have issued and may in the future issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and with which the Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote as a class with respect to the election of those two directors, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock) and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock we have issued and may in the future issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of those two directors, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock) will be entitled to vote for the election of those two additional directors at a special meeting called by us at the request of the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock or by the holders of any other class or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of those two directors (unless the request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of stockholders, in which case, such vote will be held at the earlier of the next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accumulated on the Series A Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods and the then current dividend period shall have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for payment. In that case, the right of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to elect any directors will cease and, unless there are other classes or series of our preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, any directors elected by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall immediately resign and the number of directors constituting the board of directors shall be reduced accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the total number of directors elected by holders of the Series A Preferred Class (voting separately as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock we have issued and may in the future issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of such directors, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock) pursuant to these voting rights exceed two. 
 
 If a special meeting is not called by us within 30 days after request from the holders of Series A Preferred Stock as described above, then the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock may designate a holder to call the meeting at our expense. 
 
 On each matter on which holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote, except that when shares of any other class or series of our preferred stock have the right to vote with the Series A Preferred Stock as a single class on any matter, the Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of each such other class or series will have one vote for each 25.00 of liquidation preference (excluding accumulated dividends). 
 
 So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all other classes or series of Series A Preferred Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, including our currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting, voting together as a class, (a) authorize or create, or increase the number of authorized or issued shares of, any class or series of capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or reclassify any of our authorized capital stock into shares of such class or series, or create, authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares or (b) amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our charter, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock, each, an Event provided, however, with respect to the occurrence of any Event set forth in (b) above, so long as the Series A 

Preferred Stock remains outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged, taking into account that, upon an occurrence of an Event, we may not be the surviving entity, the occurrence of any such Event shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock and, provided further, that any increase in the number of authorized shares of preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, or the creation or issuance of any additional Series A Preferred Stock or other class or series of preferred stock that we have issued and may in the future issue, or any increase in the number of authorized shares of such class or series, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock that we may issue with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, holders of any series of Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock that we may issue shall not be entitled to vote together as a class with the holders of Series A Preferred Stock on any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our charter unless such action affects the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and such other series of Preferred Stock equally, in which event approval of any such amendment, alteration or repeal will require the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, voting separately as a series. 
 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption. 
 
 Except as expressly stated in the articles supplementary, the Series A Preferred Stock will not have any relative, participating, optional or other special voting rights or powers and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 
 
 Information Rights 
 
 During any period in which we are not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will use our best efforts to (i) post to our website or transmit by mail (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear on our record books and without cost to such holders, copies of the annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any holders or prospective holder of Series A Preferred Stock. We will use our best effort to post to our website or mail (or otherwise provide) the information to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the SEC, if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which we would be required to file such periodic reports if we were a non-accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Preemptive Rights 
 
 No holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or any other of our securities issuable upon a permitted conversion of any Series A Preferred Stock will, as holders of Series A Preferred Stock or any other of our securities issuable upon a permitted conversion of Series A Preferred Stock, have any preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for our common stock or any other security. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 3,727,641 shares of preferred stock were classified and designated as Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to our charter. 

Maturity 
 
 The Series B Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them or they become convertible and are converted as described below under -Conversion Rights. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Series B Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 (1) senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us other than equity securities referred to in clauses (2) and (3) below (2) on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and all other equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (3) junior to all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (see -Voting Rights below) and (4) effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock), and to the indebtedness of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Holders of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and declared by us, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of 8.00 of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference per annum (equivalent to 2.00 per annum per share). Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock shall accrue daily and be cumulative from, and including, the date of original issue and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the 17th day of each March, June, September and December (each, a dividend payment date provided that if any dividend payment date is not a business day, as defined in the articles supplementary, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid on the next succeeding business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that dividend payment date to that next succeeding business day. 
 
 Any dividend payable on the Series B Preferred Stock, including dividends payable for any partial dividend period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series B Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable record date, which shall be the last business day of the preceding calendar month, in which the applicable dividend payment date falls (each, a dividend record date ). 
 
 No dividends on shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be authorized by our board of directors or paid or set apart for payment by us at any time when the terms and provisions of any agreement of ours, including any agreement 

relating to our indebtedness, prohibit the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute a breach of the agreement or a default under the agreement, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment shall be restricted or prohibited by law. You should review the information in our Form 10-K under the section titled Risk Factors-Our ability to pay dividends is limited by the requirements of Maryland law for information as to, among other things, other circumstances under which we may be unable to pay dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock will accrue whether or not we have earnings, whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are declared. No interest, or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series B Preferred Stock which may be in arrears, and holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative dividends described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series B Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated but unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares. 
 
 Future distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, including the Series B Preferred Stock, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash flow from operations, financial condition and capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, any debt service requirements and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to make cash distributions on our preferred stock or what the actual distributions will be for any future period. 
 
 Except as set forth in the immediately succeeding paragraph, unless full cumulative dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, (i) no dividends (other than in shares of common stock or in shares of any classes or series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation) shall be declared and paid or set apart for payment upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock (ii) no other distribution shall be declared and made upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock and (iii) no shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, shall be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by us (except by conversion into or exchange for our other capital stock that we may issue ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation and except for transfers made pursuant to the provisions of our charter relating to restrictions on ownership and transfers of our capital stock). 
 
 When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series B Preferred Stock and the shares of any other classes or series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Series B Preferred Stock, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, all dividends declared upon the Series B Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of preferred stock ranking on a parity that we may issue as to dividends with the Series B Preferred Stock, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, shall be declared pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share of Series B Preferred Stock and such other classes or series of preferred stock that we may issue shall in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series B Preferred Stock and such other classes or series of preferred stock that we may issue (which shall not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods if such preferred stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series B Preferred Stock which may be in arrears. 

Liquidation Preference 
 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our stock we may issue ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our stock we may issue that ranks junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. 
 
 In the event that, upon any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our available assets are insufficient to pay the amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable on all shares of other classes or series of our capital stock that we may issue ranking on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, then the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and all other such classes or series of capital stock shall share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 
 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to written notice of any such liquidation no fewer than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the payment date. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. The consolidation or merger of us with or into any other corporation, trust or entity or of any other entity with or into us, or the sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property or business, shall not be deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us (although such events may give rise to the special optional redemption and contingent conversion rights described below). 
 
 In determining whether a distribution (other than upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation), by dividend, redemption or other acquisition of shares of our stock or otherwise, is permitted under the MGCL, amounts that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved at the time of distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock will not be added to our total liabilities. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 Optional Redemption . We may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. If we elect to redeem any shares of Series B Preferred Stock as described in this paragraph, we may use any available cash to pay the redemption price, and we will not be required to pay the redemption price only out of the proceeds from the issuance of other equity securities or any other specific source. 
 
 Special Optional Redemption . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below), we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. If, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock (whether pursuant to our optional redemption right described above under -Optional Redemption or this special optional redemption right), the holders of Series B Preferred Stock will not have the Change of Control Conversion Right (as defined below) described below under -Conversion Rights with respect to the shares called for redemption. 

A Change of Control is deemed to occur when, after the original issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, the following have occurred and are continuing 
 the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of our stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of our directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE Amex or Nasdaq, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE Amex or Nasdaq. 
 
 Redemption Procedures. In the event we elect to redeem Series B Preferred Stock, the notice of redemption will be mailed to each holder of record of Series B Preferred Stock called for redemption at such holder s address as it appears on our stock transfer records and will state the following 
 the redemption date the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed the redemption price the place or places where certificates (if any) for the Series B Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accumulate on the redemption date whether such redemption is being made pursuant to the provisions described above under -Optional Redemption or -Special Optional Redemption if applicable, that such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control and, in that case, a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control and if such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control, that the holders of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock being so called for redemption will not be able to tender such shares of Series B Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and that each share of Series B Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is called, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), for redemption will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 If less than all of the Series B Preferred Stock held by any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder shall also specify the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder to be redeemed. No failure to give such notice or any defect thereto or in the mailing thereof shall affect the validity of the proceedings 

for the redemption of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. 
 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender the Series B Preferred Stock at the place designated in the notice of redemption and shall be entitled to the redemption price and any accumulated and unpaid dividends payable upon the redemption following the surrender. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock has been given and if we have irrevocably set apart the funds necessary for redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then from and after the redemption date (unless default shall be made by us in providing for the payment of the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any), dividends will cease to accrue on those shares of Series B Preferred Stock, those shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of those shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption. If any redemption date is not a business day, then the redemption price and accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption may be paid on the next business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount payable for the period from and after that redemption date to that next business day. If less than all of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock is to be redeemed, the Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata (as nearly as may be practicable without creating fractional shares) or by any other equitable method we determine but that will not result in the automatic transfer of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock to a trust as described above under Description of Common Stock-Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer. 
 
 Immediately prior to any redemption of Series B Preferred Stock, we shall pay, in cash, any accumulated and unpaid dividends through and including the redemption date, unless a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case each holder of Series B Preferred Stock at the close of business on such dividend record date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares before such dividend payment date. Except as provided above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on shares of the Series B Preferred Stock to be redeemed. 
 
 Unless full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, no shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be redeemed unless all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed and we shall not purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series B Preferred Stock (except by exchanging it for our capital stock ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation) provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase or acquisition by us of shares of Series B Preferred Stock to preserve our REIT status for federal income tax purposes or pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to applicable law, we may purchase shares of Series B Preferred Stock in the open market, by tender or by private agreement. Any shares of Series B Preferred Stock that we acquire will become authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, without designation as to class or series, and may thereafter be reissued as any class or series of preferred stock. 
 
 Conversion Rights 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series B Preferred Stock will have the right (unless, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder as described above under -Optional Redemption or -Special Optional Redemption, in which case such holder will have the right only with respect to shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are not called for redemption) to convert some or all of the Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder, or the Change of Control Conversion Right, on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number 

of shares of our common stock per share of Series B Preferred Stock, or the Common Stock Conversion Consideration, equal to the lesser of 
 the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of Series B Preferred Stock plus the amount of any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date for the Series B Preferred Stock, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividend will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price, as defined below (such quotient, the Conversion Rate) and 2.1195, or the Share Cap, subject to certain adjustments as described below. 
 
 Anything in the articles supplementary to the contrary notwithstanding and except as otherwise required by law, the persons who are the holders of record of shares of Series B Preferred Stock at the close of business on a dividend record date will be entitled to receive the dividend payable on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the conversion of those shares after such dividend record date and on or prior to such dividend payment date and, in such case, the full amount of such dividend shall be paid on such dividend payment date to the persons who were the holders of record at the close of business on such dividend record date. Except as provided above, we will make no allowance for unpaid dividends that are not in arrears on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be converted. 
 
 The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a distribution of our common stock to existing holders of our common stock), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split) with respect to our common stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of our common stock that is equivalent to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (as defined below), as applicable) issuable or deliverable, as applicable, in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right will not exceed 8,478,000 shares of our common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable), subject to proportionate increase to the extent the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock is exercised, not to exceed 9,749,700 shares of our common stock in total (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable), or the Exchange Cap. The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any Share Splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap and will also be increased on a pro rata basis with respect to any additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock designated and authorized for issuance pursuant to any subsequent articles supplementary. 
 
 In the case of a Change of Control pursuant to which our common stock is or will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof), or the Alternative Form Consideration, a holder of Series B Preferred Stock will receive upon conversion of such Series B Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive upon the Change of Control had such holder held a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control, or the Alternative Conversion Consideration the Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, whichever shall be applicable to a Change of Control, is referred to as the Conversion Consideration). 
 
 If the holders of our common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in the Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration in respect of such Change of Control will be deemed to be the 

kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of our common stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be, and will be subject to any limitations to which all holders of our common stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in such Change of Control. 
 
 We will not issue fractional shares of our common stock upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control. Instead, we will make a cash payment equal to the value of such fractional shares based upon the Common Stock Price used in determining the Common Stock Conversion Consideration for such Change of Control. 
 
 Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, unless we have, prior to the expiration of such 15-day period, provided notice of our election to redeem all shares of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the redemption provisions described above, we will provide to holders of Series B Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right. This notice will state the following 
 the events constituting the Change of Control the date of the Change of Control the last date on which the holders of Series B Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price the Change of Control Conversion Date that if, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem all or any shares of Series B Preferred Stock, holders will not be able to convert the shares of Series B Preferred Stock called for redemption and such shares will be redeemed on the related redemption date, even if such shares have already been tendered for conversion pursuant to the Change of Control Conversion Right if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series B Preferred Stock the name and address of the paying agent, transfer agent and conversion agent for the Series B Preferred Stock the procedures that the holders of Series B Preferred Stock must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right (including procedures for surrendering shares for conversion through the facilities of a Depositary (as defined below)), including the form of conversion notice to be delivered by such holders as described below and the last date on which holders of Series B Preferred Stock may withdraw shares surrendered for conversion and the procedures that such holders must follow to effect such a withdrawal. 

Under such circumstances, we will also issue a press release containing such notice for publication on Dow Jones & Company, Inc., Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if these organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of the press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), and post a notice on our website, in any event prior to the opening of business on the first business day following any date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 To exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock will be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificates (if any) representing the shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer (or, in the case of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock held in book-entry form through a Depositary, to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be converted through the facilities of such Depositary), together with a written conversion notice in the form provided by us, duly completed, to our transfer agent. The conversion notice must state 
 the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock to be converted and that the Series B Preferred Stock is to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Change of Control Conversion Date is the date the Series B Preferred Stock is to be converted, which will be a business day selected by us that is no fewer than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Common Stock Price is (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by the holders of our common stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of our common stock or (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of our common stock is other than solely cash (x) the average of the closing sale prices per share of our common stock (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing bid and ask prices per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices per share) for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred as reported on the principal U.S. securities exchange on which our common stock is then traded, or (y) the average of the last quoted bid prices for our common stock in the over-the-counter market as reported by Pink OTC Markets Inc. or similar organization for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred, if our common stock is not then listed for trading on a U.S. securities exchange. 
 
 Holders of Series B Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to our transfer agent prior to the close of business on the business day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal delivered by any holder must state 

the number of withdrawn shares of Series B Preferred Stock if certificated Series B Preferred Stock has been surrendered for conversion, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the holder s conversion notice. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, or a similar depositary (each, a Depositary ), the conversion notice and or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable, must comply with applicable procedures, if any, of the applicable Depositary. 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date, unless prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock, as described above under -Optional Redemption or -Special Optional Redemption, in which case only the shares of Series B Preferred Stock properly surrendered for conversion and not properly withdrawn that are not called for redemption will be converted as aforesaid. If we elect to redeem shares of Series B Preferred Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration on a Change of Control Conversion Date, such shares of Series B Preferred Stock will not be so converted and the holders of such shares will be entitled to receive on the applicable redemption date the redemption price described above under -Optional Redemption or -Special Optional Redemption, as applicable. 
 
 We will deliver all securities, cash and any other property owing upon conversion no later than the third business day following the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the persons entitled to receive any shares of our common stock or other securities delivered on conversion will be deemed to have become the holders of record thereof as of the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 In connection with the exercise of any Change of Control Conversion Right, we will comply with all federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of Series B Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock or other property. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Series B Preferred Stock, no holder of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such Series B Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock to the extent that receipt of such common stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to exceed the applicable share ownership limitations contained in our charter, including the articles supplementary, unless we provide an exemption from this limitation to such holder. See -Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer below. 
 
 The Change of Control conversion feature may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. See our Form 10-K under the section titled Risk Factors-You may not be able to exercise conversion rights upon a Change of Control. If exercisable, the 
 
 Change of Control Conversion Right may not adequately compensate you. The Change of Control Conversion Rights may also make it more difficult for a party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. 
 
 Except as provided above in connection with a Change of Control, the Series B Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. 
 
 Voting Rights 

Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth below. 
 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are in arrears for six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be automatically increased by two (if not already increased by two by reason of the election of directors by the holders of any other class or series of our preferred stock we have issued and may in the future issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and with which the Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to vote as a class with respect to the election of those two directors, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock) and the holders of Series B Preferred Stock (voting separately as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock we have issued and may in the future issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series B Preferred Stock in the election of those two directors, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock) will be entitled to vote for the election of those two additional directors at a special meeting called by us at the request of the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock or by the holders of any other class or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series B Preferred Stock in the election of those two directors (unless the request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of stockholders, in which case, such vote will be held at the earlier of the next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accumulated on the Series B Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods and the then current dividend period shall have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for payment. In that case, the right of holders of the Series B Preferred Stock to elect any directors will cease and, unless there are other classes or series of our preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, any directors elected by holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall immediately resign and the number of directors constituting the board of directors shall be reduced accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the total number of directors elected by holders of the Series B Preferred Class (voting separately as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock we have issued and may in the future issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series B Preferred Stock in the election of such directors, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock) pursuant to these voting rights exceed two. 
 
 If a special meeting is not called by us within 30 days after request from the holders of Series B Preferred Stock as described above, then the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding Series B Preferred Stock may designate a holder to call the meeting at our expense. 
 
 On each matter on which holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each share of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote, except that when shares of any other class or series of our preferred stock have the right to vote with the Series B Preferred Stock as a single class on any matter, the Series B Preferred Stock and the shares of each such other class or series will have one vote for each 25.00 of liquidation preference (excluding accumulated dividends). 
 
 So long as any shares of Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock outstanding at the time and all other classes or series of Series B Preferred Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, including our currently outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting, voting together as a class, (a) authorize or create, or increase the number of authorized or issued shares of, any class or series of capital stock ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or reclassify any of our authorized capital stock into shares of such class or series, or create, authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares or (b) amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our charter, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series B Preferred Stock, each, an Event 

provided, however, with respect to the occurrence of any Event set forth in (b) above, so long as the Series B Preferred Stock remains outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged, taking into account that, upon an occurrence of an Event, we may not be the surviving entity, the occurrence of any such Event shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting power of the Series B Preferred Stock and, provided further, that any increase in the number of authorized shares of preferred stock, including the Series B Preferred Stock, or the creation or issuance of any additional Series B Preferred Stock or other class or series of preferred stock that we have and may in the future issue, or any increase in the number of authorized shares of such class or series, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series B Preferred Stock that we may issue with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to materially and adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, holders of any series of Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock that we may issue shall not be entitled to vote together as a class with the holders of Series B Preferred Stock on any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our charter unless such action affects the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and such other series of Preferred Stock equally, in which event approval of any such amendment, alteration or repeal will require the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the Series B Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, voting separately as a series. 
 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption. 
 
 Except as expressly stated in the articles supplementary, the Series B Preferred Stock will not have any relative, participating, optional or other special voting rights or powers and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 
 
 Information Rights 
 
 During any period in which we are not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will use our best efforts to (i) transmit by mail (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series B Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear on our record books and without cost to such holders, copies of the annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any holders or prospective holder of Series B Preferred Stock. We will use our best effort to post to our website or mail (or otherwise provide) the information to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the SEC, if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which we would be required to file such periodic reports if we were a non-accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 
 Preemptive Rights 
 
 No holders of the Series B Preferred Stock or any other of our securities issuable upon a permitted conversion of any Series B Preferred Stock will, as holders of Series B Preferred Stock or any other of our securities issuable upon a permitted conversion of Series B Preferred Stock, have any preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for our common stock or any other security. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 3,728,795 shares of preferred stock were classified and designated as Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to our charter. 

Maturity 
 
 The Series C Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Series C Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them or they become convertible and are converted as described below under -Conversion Rights. We are not required to set apart for payment the funds to redeem the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 Ranking 
 
 The Series C Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
 senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock Junior Stock on a parity with our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and all other equity securities ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock( Parity Stock junior to all equity securities ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Stock Senior Stock and effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock or preferred stock) and the indebtedness of our existing and future subsidiaries. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Holders of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and declared by us, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends. The initial dividend rate for the Series C Preferred Stock from and including the date of original issuance to, but not including, September 17, 2024 (the Fixed Rate Period will be 8.000 of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference per annum (equivalent to 2.00 per annum per share). On and after September 17, 2024 (the Floating Rate Period ), dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock will accumulate at a percentage of the 25.00 liquidation preference equal to an annual floating rate of the Three-Month LIBOR Rate plus a spread of 6.476 . Dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock will accumulate daily and be cumulative from, and including, the date of original issue and will be payable quarterly in arrears on the 17th day of each March, June, September and December (each, as may be modified as provided below, a dividend payment date ). If any dividend payment date is not a business day, as defined in the articles supplementary designating the Series C Preferred Stock, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid on the next succeeding business day with the same force and effect as if paid on such dividend payment date, and no interest, additional dividends or sums in lieu of interest will be payable for the period from and after that dividend payment date to that next succeeding business day. Dividends payable on the Series C Preferred Stock for the Fixed Rate Period, including dividends payable for any partial Dividend Period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. Dividends payable on the Series C Preferred Stock for the Floating Rate Period, including dividends payable for any partial Dividend Period, will be computed based on the actual number of days in a Dividend Period and a 360-day year. Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear on our stock transfer records at the close of business on the applicable record date, which shall be the last business day of the preceding calendar month in which the applicable dividend payment date falls (each, a dividend record date ). The dividends payable on any dividend payment date shall include dividends accumulated to, but not including, such dividend payment date. 

For each Dividend Period during the Floating Rate Period, LIBOR (the London interbank offered rate) Three-Month LIBOR Rate will be determined by us, as of the applicable Dividend Determination Date (as defined below), in accordance with the following provisions 
 LIBOR will be the rate (expressed as a percentage per year) for deposits in U.S. dollars having an index maturity of three months, in amounts of at least 1,000,000, as such rate appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01 at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Dividend Determination Date or if no such rate appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01 or if the Reuters Page LIBOR01 is not available at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Dividend Determination Date, then we will select four nationally-recognized banks in the London interbank market and request that the principal London offices of those four selected banks provide us with their offered quotation for deposits in U.S. dollars for a period of three months, commencing on the first day of the applicable Dividend Period, to prime banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on that Dividend Determination Date for the applicable Dividend Period. Offered quotations must be based on a principal amount equal to an amount that, in our discretion, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in the London interbank market at that time. If at least two quotations are provided, the Three-Month LIBOR Rate for such Dividend Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward if necessary, to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of those quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided, the Three-Month LIBOR Rate for such Dividend Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward if necessary, to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of the rates quoted at approximately 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on that Dividend Determination Date for such Dividend Period by three nationally-recognized banks in New York, New York selected by us, for loans in U.S. dollars to nationally-recognized European banks (as selected by us), for a period of three months commencing on the first day of such Dividend Period. The rates quoted must be based on an amount that, in our discretion, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in that market at that time. If no quotation is provided as described above, then if a Calculation Agent (as defined below) has not been appointed at such time, we will appoint a Calculation Agent who shall, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing quotations or display page, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate LIBOR or any of the foregoing lending rates, shall determine LIBOR for the second London Business Day (as defined below) immediately preceding the first day of such distribution period in its sole discretion. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to determine LIBOR as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, then LIBOR will be equal to Three-Month LIBOR Rate for the then current Dividend Period, or, in the case of the first Dividend Period in the Floating Rate Period, the most recent dividend rate that would have been determined based on the last available Reuters Page LIBOR01 had the Floating Rate Period been applicable prior to the first Dividend Period in the Floating Rate Period. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we determine on the relevant Dividend Determination Date that the LIBOR base rate has been discontinued, then we will appoint a Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent will consult with an investment bank of national standing to determine whether there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate to Three-Month LIBOR Rate. If, after such consultation, the Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate, the Calculation Agent shall use such substitute or successor base rate. In such case, the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion may (without implying a corresponding obligation to do so) also implement changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the Dividend Determination Date and any method for obtaining the substitute or successor base rate if such rate is unavailable on the relevant Business Day, in a manner that is consistent with industry accepted practices for such substitute or successor base rate. Unless the Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate as so provided above, the Calculation Agent will, in consultation with us, follow the steps 

specified in the second bullet point in the immediately preceding paragraph in order to determine Three-Month LIBOR Rate for the applicable Dividend Period. 
 
 Calculation Agent shall mean a third party independent financial institution of national standing with experience providing such services, which has been selected by us. 
 
 Dividend Determination Date means the London Business Day (as defined below) immediately preceding the first date of the applicable Dividend Period. 
 
 Dividend Period means the period from, and including, a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next succeeding dividend payment date, except for the initial Dividend Period, which will be the period from, and including, the original issue date of the Series C Preferred Stock to, but excluding, December 17, 2019. 
 
 London Business Day means any day on which dealings in deposits in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. 
 
 Reuters Page LIBOR01 means the display so designated on the Reuters 3000 Xtra (or such other page as may replace the LIBOR01 page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, or ICE, or its successor, or such other entity assuming the responsibility of ICE or its successor in the event ICE or its successor no longer does so, as the successor service, for the purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates for U.S. dollar deposits). 
 
 No dividends on shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be authorized by our board of directors or paid or set apart for payment by us at any time when the terms and provisions of any agreement of ours, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, prohibit the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute a breach of the agreement or a default under the agreement, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment is restricted or prohibited by law. You should review the information in our Form 10-K under the section titled Risk Factors-We may not be able to pay dividends or other distributions on the Series C Preferred Stock for more information as to, among other things, other circumstances under which we may be unable to pay dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock will accumulate whether or not (i) the terms and provisions of any laws or agreements referred to in the preceding paragraph at any time prohibit the current payment of dividends, (ii) we have earnings, (iii) there are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends and (iv) those dividends are authorized and declared. No interest, or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series C Preferred Stock which may be in arrears, and holders of Series C Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative dividends described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series C Preferred Stock will first be credited against the earliest accumulated but unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares. 
 
 Future dividends on our common stock and preferred stock, including the Series C Preferred Stock, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash flow from operations, financial condition and capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, applicable law, any debt service requirements and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to make cash distributions on the Series C Preferred Stock or what the actual dividends will be for any future period. 
 
 Except as noted below, unless full cumulative dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for payment for all past Dividend Periods, no dividends (other than in shares of our common stock or other Junior Stock we may issue) may be declared or paid or set apart for payment upon our common stock or other Junior Stock or our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock or other Parity Stock we may issue 

and no other distribution may be declared or made upon our common stock or other Junior Stock or our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock or other Parity Stock we may issue. In addition, our common stock and other Junior Stock or Parity Stock we may issue may not be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities) by us (except by conversion into or exchange for shares of, or options, warrants or rights to purchase or subscribe for, our common stock or other Junior Stock we may issue or pursuant to an exchange offer made on the same terms to all holders of Series C Preferred Stock and all Parity Stock). The foregoing will not, however, prevent the redemption, purchase or acquisition by us of shares of any class or series of stock for the purpose of enforcing restrictions on transfer and ownership of our stock contained in our charter, or the redemption, purchase or acquisition by us of shares of our common stock for purposes of and in compliance with any incentive or benefit plan of ours. 
 
 When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and any other Parity Stock we may issue, all dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and such other Parity Stock must be declared pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and such other Parity Stock will in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accumulated dividends per share on the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and such Parity Stock (which will not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior Dividend Periods if such other Parity Stock do not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series C Preferred Stock which may be in arrears. 
 
 Liquidation Preference 
 
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any Senior Stock, a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to (whether or not authorized or declared), but excluding, the payment date, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of common stock or other Junior Stock we may issue and the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any further payment. 
 
 In the event that, upon any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our available assets are insufficient to pay the amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and any other Parity Stock we may issue, then the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and such other Parity Stock will share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 
 
 Notice of any such liquidation stating the payment date or dates when, and the place or places where, the amounts distributable in each circumstance shall be payable, will be given no fewer than 30 days and no more than 60 days prior to the payment date, to each holder of record of Series C Preferred Stock at the address of such holder as it appears on our stock records. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. The consolidation, conversion or merger of us with or into any other corporation, trust or entity or of any other entity with or into us, the sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property or business or a statutory share exchange, will not be deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us (although such events may give rise to the special optional redemption and contingent conversion rights described below). 
 
 In determining whether a distribution (other than upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation), by dividend, redemption or other acquisition of shares of stock or otherwise, is permitted under Maryland law with respect to any share of any class or series of our stock, amounts that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved at the time of the 

distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock will not be added to our total liabilities. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 The Series C Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to September 17, 2024, except under circumstances where it is necessary to preserve our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes (please see -Restrictions on Transfer and Ownership below) and except as described below under -Special Optional Redemption upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined herein). 
 
 Optional Redemption . On and after September 17, 2024, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to (whether or not authorized or declared), but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. 
 
 Special Optional Redemption . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to (whether or not authorized or declared), but excluding, the redemption date. If, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock (whether pursuant to our optional redemption right described above under -Optional Redemption or this special optional redemption right), the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will not have the Change of Control Conversion Right (as defined below) described below under -Conversion Rights with respect to the shares called for redemption. 
 
 A Change of Control is deemed to occur when, after the original issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock, the following have occurred and are continuing 
 the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of our stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50 of the total voting power of all our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of our directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition) and following the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE American or the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 Redemption Procedures . In the event we elect to redeem Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right, the notice of redemption will be given to each holder of record of Series C Preferred Stock called for redemption at such holder s address as it appears on our stock transfer records and will state the following 

the redemption date the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed the redemption price the place or places where certificates (if any) for the Series C Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accumulate on the redemption date if applicable, that such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control and, in that case, a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control and if such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control, that the holders of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock being so called for redemption will not be able to tender such shares of Series C Preferred Stock for conversion in connection with the Change of Control and that each share of Series C Preferred Stock tendered for conversion that is called, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), for redemption will be redeemed on the related date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 If less than all of the Series C Preferred Stock held by any holder is to be redeemed, the notice given to such holder shall also specify the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder to be redeemed. No failure to give such notice or any defect thereto or in the giving thereof will affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock, except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. 
 
 Holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed must surrender such shares at the place designated in the notice of redemption and will be entitled to the redemption price and any accumulated and unpaid dividends payable upon the redemption following the surrender. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock has been given and if we have irrevocably set apart for payment the funds necessary for redemption (including any accumulated and unpaid dividends) in trust for the benefit of the holders of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then from and after the redemption date (unless we default in providing for the payment of the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any), dividends will cease to accumulate on those shares of Series C Preferred Stock, those shares of Series C Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of those shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption. If any redemption date is not a business day, then the redemption price and accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption may be paid on the next business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accumulate on the amount payable for the period from and after that redemption date to that next business day. If less than all of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed will be selected pro rata (as nearly as may be practicable without creating fractional shares) or by lot. If such redemption is to be by lot and if, as a result of such redemption, any holder of Series C Preferred Stock would own, or be deemed by virtue of certain attribution provisions of the Code to own, in excess of the stock ownership limit, or violate any other restriction or limitation of our stock set forth in our charter, then, except as otherwise permitted in our charter, we will redeem the requisite number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock of that holder such that the holder will not own or be deemed by virtue of certain attribution provisions of the Code to own, 

subsequent to the redemption, in excess of the stock ownership limit or violate any other restriction or limitation of our stock set forth in our charter. See -Restrictions on Transfer and Ownership below. 
 
 Immediately prior to any redemption of Series C Preferred Stock, we will pay, in cash, any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, unless a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case each holder of Series C Preferred Stock at the close of business on such dividend record date will be entitled to the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares before such dividend payment date. Except as provided above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on shares of the Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed. 
 
 Unless full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past Dividend Periods, no shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be redeemed unless all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed, and we may not purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series C Preferred Stock (except by conversion into or exchange for shares of, or options, warrants or rights to purchase or subscribe for, our common stock or other Junior Stock we may issue or pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to all holders of Series C Preferred Stock and all Parity Stock) provided, however, that the foregoing will not prevent the redemption, purchase or acquisition by us of shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the purpose of enforcing restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock contained in our charter. 
 
 Subject to applicable law, we may purchase shares of Series C Preferred Stock in the open market, by tender or by privately negotiated transactions. Any shares of Series C Preferred Stock that we acquire, by redemption or otherwise, shall be reclassified as authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, without designation as to class or series, and may thereafter be issued as any class or series of preferred stock. 
 
 Conversion Rights 
 
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series C Preferred Stock will have the right (unless, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder as described above under -Redemption, in which case such holder will have the right only with respect to shares of Series C Preferred Stock that are not called for redemption) to convert some or all of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder (the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series C Preferred Stock (the Common Stock Conversion Consideration equal to the lesser of 
 the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of Series C Preferred Stock, plus the amount of any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but excluding, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date for the Series C Preferred Stock, in which case no additional amount for such accumulated and unpaid dividends to be paid on such dividend payment date will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price, as defined below (such quotient, the Conversion Rate and 3.23206, or the Share Cap, subject to certain adjustments as described below. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in the articles supplementary designating the Series C Preferred Stock to the contrary and except as otherwise required by law, the persons who are the holders of record of shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the close of business on a dividend record date will be entitled to receive the dividend payable on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the conversion of those shares after such dividend record date 

and on or prior to such dividend payment date and, in such case, the full amount of such dividend will be paid on such dividend payment date to the persons who were the holders of record at the close of business on such dividend record date. Except as provided above, we will make no allowance for unpaid dividends that are not in arrears on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted. 
 
 The Share Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits (including those effected pursuant to a distribution of our common stock to existing holders of our common stock), subdivisions or combinations (in each case, a Share Split with respect to our common stock as follows the adjusted Share Cap as the result of a Share Split will be the number of shares of our common stock that is equivalent to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Share Cap in effect immediately prior to such Share Split by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such Share Split and the denominator of which is the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to such Share Split. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration (as defined below), as applicable) issuable or deliverable, as applicable, in connection with the exercise of the Change of Control Conversion Right will not exceed the product of the Share Cap times the aggregate number of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the Change of Control Conversion Date (or equivalent Alternative Conversion Consideration, as applicable) (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap is subject to pro rata adjustments for any share splits on the same basis as the corresponding adjustment to the Share Cap. 
 
 In the case of a Change of Control pursuant to which our common stock is or will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof) (the Alternative Form Consideration ), a holder of Series C Preferred Stock will receive upon conversion of such shares of the Series C Preferred Stock the kind and amount of Alternative Form Consideration which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive upon the Change of Control had such holder held a number of shares of our common stock equal to the Common Stock Conversion Consideration immediately prior to the effective time of the Change of Control (the Alternative Conversion Consideration ). The Common Stock Conversion Consideration or the Alternative Conversion Consideration, whichever shall be applicable to a Change of Control, is referred to as the Conversion Consideration. 
 
 If the holders of our common stock have the opportunity to elect the form of consideration to be received in the Change of Control, the Conversion Consideration in respect of such Change of Control will be deemed to be the kind and amount of consideration actually received by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between two types of consideration) or holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of our common stock that made or voted for such an election (if electing between more than two types of consideration), as the case may be, and will be subject to any limitations to which all holders of our common stock are subject, including, without limitation, pro rata reductions applicable to any portion of the consideration payable in such Change of Control. 
 
 We will not issue fractional shares of our common stock upon the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock in connection with a Change of Control. Instead, we will make a cash payment equal to the value of such fractional shares based upon the Common Stock Price used in determining the Common Stock Conversion Consideration for such Change of Control. 
 
 Within 15 days following the occurrence of a Change of Control, provided that we have not then exercised our right to redeem all shares of Series C Preferred Stock pursuant to the redemption provisions described above, we will provide to holders of Series C Preferred Stock a notice of occurrence of the Change of Control that describes the resulting Change of Control Conversion Right, which notice shall be delivered to the holders of record of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to their addresses as they appear on our stock transfer records. No failure to give such notice or any defect thereto or in the giving thereof will affect the validity of the proceedings for the conversion of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. This notice will state the following 

the events constituting the Change of Control the date of the Change of Control the last date on which the holders of Series C Preferred Stock may exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right the method and period for calculating the Common Stock Price the Change of Control Conversion Date that if, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date, we have provided notice of our election to redeem all or any shares of Series C Preferred Stock, holders of Series C Preferred Stock that are subject to such notice of redemption will not be able to convert the shares of Series C Preferred Stock called for redemption and such shares will be redeemed on the related redemption date, even if such shares have already been tendered for conversion pursuant to the Change of Control Conversion Right if applicable, the type and amount of Alternative Conversion Consideration entitled to be received per share of Series C Preferred Stock the name and address of the paying agent, transfer agent and conversion agent for the Series C Preferred Stock the procedures that the holders of Series C Preferred Stock must follow to exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right (including procedures for surrendering shares of Series C Preferred Stock for conversion through the facilities of a Depositary (as defined below)), including the form of conversion notice to be delivered by such holders as described below and the last date on which holders of Series C Preferred Stock may withdraw shares of Series C Preferred Stock surrendered for conversion and the procedures that such holders must follow to effect such a withdrawal. 
 
 Under such circumstances, we also will issue a press release containing such notice for publication on the Business Wire, PR Newswire or Bloomberg Business News (or, if these organizations are not in existence at the time of issuance of the press release, such other news or press organization as is reasonably calculated to broadly disseminate the relevant information to the public), and post a notice on our website (if any), in any event prior to the opening of business on the first business day following any date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 To exercise the Change of Control Conversion Right, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock will be required to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the certificates (if any) representing the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted, duly endorsed for transfer (or, in the case of any shares of Series C Preferred Stock held in book-entry form through a Depositary or shares directly registered with the transfer agent, therefor, to deliver, on or before the close of business on the Change of Control Conversion Date, the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted through the facilities of such Depositary or through such 

transfer agent, respectively), together with a written conversion notice in the form provided by us, duly completed, to our transfer agent. The conversion notice must state 
 the relevant Change of Control Conversion Date the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be converted and that the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are to be converted pursuant to the applicable provisions of the articles supplementary designating the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Change of Control Conversion Date is the date the Series C Preferred Stock is to be converted, which will be a business day selected by us that is neither fewer than 20 days nor more than 35 days after the date on which we provide the notice described above to the holders of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Common Stock Price is (i) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by the holders of our common stock is solely cash, the amount of cash consideration per share of our common stock or (ii) if the consideration to be received in the Change of Control by holders of our common stock is other than solely cash (x) the average of the closing sale prices per share of our common stock (or, if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the closing bid and ask prices per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average closing bid and the average closing ask prices per share) for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred as reported on the principal U.S. securities exchange on which our common stock is then traded, or (y) if our common stock is not then listed for trading on a U.S. securities exchange, the average of the last quoted bid prices for our common stock in the over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group or similar organization for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the date on which such Change of Control occurred. 
 
 Holders of Series C Preferred Stock may withdraw any notice of exercise of a Change of Control Conversion Right (in whole or in part) by a written notice of withdrawal delivered to our transfer agent prior to the close of business on the business day prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date. The notice of withdrawal delivered by any holder must state 
 the number of withdrawn shares of Series C Preferred Stock if certificated shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been surrendered for conversion, the certificate numbers of the withdrawn shares of Series C Preferred Stock and the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, if any, which remain subject to the holder s conversion notice. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company DTC or a similar depositary (each, a Depositary ), the conversion notice and or the notice of withdrawal, as applicable, must comply with applicable procedures, if any, of the applicable Depositary. 
 
 Shares of Series C Preferred Stock as to which the Change of Control Conversion Right has been properly exercised and for which the conversion notice has not been properly withdrawn will be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration in accordance with the Change of Control Conversion Right on the Change of Control Conversion Date, unless prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date we have provided notice of our election to redeem some or all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, as described above under -Redemption, in which 

case only the shares of Series C Preferred Stock properly surrendered for conversion and not properly withdrawn that are not called for redemption will be converted as aforesaid. If we elect to redeem shares of Series C Preferred Stock that would otherwise be converted into the applicable Conversion Consideration on a Change of Control Conversion Date, such shares of Series C Preferred Stock will not be so converted and the holders of such shares will be entitled to receive on the applicable redemption date the redemption price described above under -Redemption-Optional Redemption or -Redemption-Special Optional Redemption, as applicable. 
 
 We will deliver all securities, cash and any other property owing upon conversion no later than the third business day following the Change of Control Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the persons entitled to receive any shares of our common stock or other securities delivered on conversion will be deemed to have become the holders of record thereof as of the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 
 In connection with the exercise of any Change of Control Conversion Right, we will comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws and stock exchange rules in connection with any conversion of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock or other property. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Series C Preferred Stock, no holder of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to convert such shares of the Series C Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock to the extent that receipt of such shares of common stock would cause such holder (or any other person) to violate the applicable restrictions on transfer and ownership of our stock contained in our charter, unless we provide an exemption from this limitation to such holder. 
 
 Please see the sections entitled -Restrictions on Transfer and Ownership below. 
 
 The Change of Control conversion feature may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. See our Form 10-K under the section titled Risk Factors-You may not be able to exercise conversion rights upon a Change of Control. If exercisable, the change of control conversion rights may not adequately compensate you. These change of control conversion rights may also make it more difficult for a party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. 
 
 Except as provided above in connection with a Change of Control, the Series C Preferred Stock is not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or property. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of Series C Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth below. 
 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are in arrears for six or more full quarterly Dividend Periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be automatically increased by two (if not already increased by two by reason of the election of directors by the holders of any other class or series of preferred stock we may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, including the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock) and the holders of Series C Preferred Stock, voting as a single class with holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, and all other classes or series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of those two additional directors at a special meeting called by us at the request of the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and all other classes or series of preferred stock we may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable to be held no later than 90 days after our receipt of such request (unless the request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of our stockholders, in which case, such vote will be held at the earlier of the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders to the extent permitted by applicable law), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accumulated on the Series C Preferred Stock for all past Dividend Periods and the then current Dividend Period will have been fully paid. In that case, the right of holders of Series C Preferred Stock to elect any directors will cease and, unless there are other classes or series of our preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred 

and are exercisable, the term of office of any directors elected by holders of Series C Preferred Stock will immediately terminate and the number of directors constituting the board of directors will be reduced accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the total number of directors elected by holders of Series C Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and all other classes or series of preferred stock we may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable) pursuant to these voting rights exceed two. The directors elected by the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and all other classes or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described in this paragraph, the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of preferred stock we may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (voting together as a single class) to serve until our next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until such directors right to hold the office terminates as described above, whichever occurs earlier. 
 
 On each matter on which holders of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each share of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote, except that when shares of any other class or series of preferred stock we may issue, including the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock, have the right to vote with the Series C Preferred Stock as a single class on any matter, the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock and each such other class or series of stock will have one vote for each 25.00 of liquidation preference (excluding accumulated dividends). If a special meeting is not called by the Corporation within 30 days after request from the holders of Series C Preferred Stock as described in the previous paragraph, then the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock may designate a holder to call the meeting at the expense of the Corporation and such meeting may be called by the holder so designated upon notice similar to that required for annual meetings of stockholders and shall be held at the place designated by the holder calling such meeting. 
 
 Any director elected by holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and any class or series of preferred stock we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the vote of, and may not be removed otherwise than by the vote of, the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and any class or series of preferred stock we may issue when they have the voting rights described above (voting as a single class with all other classes or series of preferred stock we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable). 
 
 So long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, voting together as a single class with the Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and all other classes or series of Parity Stock we may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, (i) authorize, create, or increase the authorized or issued amount of, any class or series of Senior Stock or reclassify any of our authorized stock into such shares, or create or authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares or (ii) amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our charter, whether by merger, conversion, consolidation or otherwise, so as to materially and adversely affect any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series C Preferred Stock (each, an Event provided, however, with respect to the occurrence of any Event set forth in clause (ii) above, so long as the Series C Preferred Stock remains outstanding with the terms thereof materially unchanged or the holders of Series C Preferred Stock receive shares of stock or other equity interests with rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers substantially the same as those of the Series C Preferred Stock, taking into account that upon the occurrence of an Event we may not be the successor entity, the occurrence of any such Event will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting power of holders of Series C Preferred Stock and, provided further, that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series C Preferred Stock or the creation or issuance, or any increase in the amounts authorized of any Parity Stock or Junior Stock will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of holders of Series C Preferred Stock. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our charter would materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting rights of the Series C Preferred Stock disproportionately relative to other classes or series of Parity Stock, then the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock (voting as a separate class) shall also be required. 
 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds have been irrevocably set apart to effect such redemption. 
 
 Except as expressly stated in the articles supplementary designating the Series C Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock will not have any relative, participating, optional or other special voting rights or powers and the consent of the holders thereof will not be required for the taking of any corporate action. The holders of Series C Preferred Stock will have exclusive voting rights on any amendment to our charter that would alter the contract rights, as expressly set forth in the charter, of only the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 Information Rights 
 
 During any period in which we are not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will use our best efforts to (i) transmit through our website at http www.agmit.com (or other permissible means under the Exchange Act) copies of the Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required). We will use our best efforts to provide such reports on our website within 15 days after the respective dates by which we would have been required to file such reports with the SEC if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and we were a non-accelerated filer within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Preemptive Rights 
 
 No holders of Series C Preferred Stock will, as holders of Series C Preferred Stock, have any preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for our common stock or any of our other securities. 

RESTRICTIONS ON OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER 
 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT under the Code our capital stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50 of the value of the outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of any taxable year. 
 
 Our charter contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our capital stock. The relevant sections of our charter provide that, subject to the exceptions described below, no person or entity may beneficially own, or be deemed to own, by virtue of the applicable constructive ownership provisions of the Code, either (i) more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock, which we refer to as the common stock ownership limit, or (ii) more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding capital stock, which we refer to as the aggregate stock ownership limit. We refer to the common stock ownership limit and the aggregate stock ownership limit collectively as the stock ownership limits. 
 
 The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause capital stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and or entities to be owned constructively by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 in value or in number of shares (or the acquisition of an interest 

in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, our capital stock by an individual or entity) could, nevertheless, cause that individual or entity, or another individual or entity, to own constructively in excess of 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, and thereby violate the applicable stock ownership limit. 
 
 Our board of directors may, upon receipt of certain representations and agreements and in its sole discretion, exempt (prospectively or retroactively) any person, in whole or in part, from the above-referenced stock ownership limits or establish or increase a limit, or excepted holder limit, for a particular stockholder if the person s ownership in excess of the stock ownership limits will not then or in the future result in our being closely held under section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the stockholder s interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise jeopardize our qualification as a REIT. As a condition of its exemption, creation or increase of an excepted holder limit, our board of directors may, but is not required to, require an opinion of counsel or Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, ruling satisfactory to our board of directors with respect to our qualification as a REIT. The board of directors may only reduce the excepted holder limit with the written consent of the related excepted holder at any time, or pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements entered into in connection with the establishment of the excepted holder limit for such excepted holder. No excepted holder limit may be reduced to a percentage that is less than the common stock ownership limit. 
 
 In connection with an exemption from the stock ownership limits, establishing an excepted holder limit or at any other time, our board of directors may from time to time increase or decrease the stock ownership limits for all other persons and entities provided, however, that any decrease in the stock ownership limits will not be effective for any person whose percentage ownership of our shares is in excess of such decreased limits until such time as such person s percentage ownership of our shares equals or falls below such decreased limits, but any further acquisition of our shares in excess of such person s percentage ownership of our shares will be in violation of the applicable limits and provided, further, that the stock ownership limits may not be increased if, after giving effect to such increase or decrease, five or fewer individuals could beneficially own or constructively own in the aggregate more than 49.9 in value of the shares then outstanding. 
 
 Our charter further prohibits 
 any person from beneficially or constructively owning, applying certain attribution rules of the Code, our capital that would result in our being closely held under section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the stockholder s interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT and any person from transferring our capital stock if such transfer would result in our capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined without reference to any rules of attribution). 
 
 Any person who acquires, attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of our capital stock that will or may violate the stock ownership limits or any of the other foregoing restrictions on ownership and transfer of our capital stock is required to immediately give written notice to us or, in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice to us, and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of such transfer on our qualification as a REIT. The stock ownership limits and the other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our capital stock will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT, and our board of directors determines that compliance with such limits and other restrictions is no longer required. 
 
 Pursuant to our charter, if any transfer of our capital stock would result in our capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, such transfer will be void ab initio and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in such shares. In addition, if any purported transfer of our capital stock or any other event would otherwise result in 

any person violating the stock ownership limits or such other limit established by our board of directors or our being closely held under section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the stockholder s interest is held during the last half of a taxable year) or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT, 
 
 then that number of shares (rounded to the nearest whole share) that would cause us to violate such restrictions will automatically be deemed to be transferred to, and held by, a charitable trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable organizations selected by us, and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in such shares. The deemed transfer will be effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the violative transfer or other event that results in a deemed transfer to the charitable trust. A person who, but for the deemed transfer of the shares to the charitable trust, would have beneficially or constructively owned the shares so transferred is referred to as a prohibited owner, which, if appropriate in the context, also means any person who would have been the record owner of the shares that the prohibited owner would have so owned. 
 
 Any distribution made to the prohibited owner, prior to our discovery that the shares had been deemed to be transferred to the charitable trust as described above, must be repaid to the trustee of the charitable trust upon demand for distribution to the beneficiary by the charitable trust. If the transfer to the charitable trust as described above would not be effective, for any reason, to prevent violation of the applicable restriction on ownership and transfer contained in our charter, then our charter provides that the transfer of the shares will be void ab initio . These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Any distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. 
 
 Capital stock transferred to the trustee of a charitable trust are deemed offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price paid per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the charitable trust (or, if the event that resulted in the transfer to the charitable trust did not involve a purchase of such capital stock at market price, the last reported sales price reported on the NYSE (or other applicable exchange) on the trading day immediately preceding the day of the event which resulted in the transfer of such capital stock to the charitable trust) and (ii) the market price on the date we, or our designee, accepts such offer. We have the right to accept such offer until the trustee has sold the shares held in the charitable trust as discussed below. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold terminates, the trustee must distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the prohibited owner and any distributions held by the trustee with respect to such capital stock will be made to the charitable beneficiary. 
 
 If we do not buy the shares, the trustee must, within 20 days of receiving notice from us of the transfer of shares to the charitable trust, sell the shares to a person or entity designated by the trustee who could own the shares without violating the stock ownership limits or the other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares described above. After that, the trustee must distribute to the prohibited owner an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the price paid by the prohibited owner for the shares in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the charitable trust (or, if the event which resulted in the transfer to the charitable trust did not involve a purchase of such shares at market price, the last reported sales price reported on the NYSE (or other applicable exchange) on the trading day immediately preceding the relevant date) and (ii) the sales proceeds (net of commissions and other expenses of sale) received by the charitable trust for the shares. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the prohibited owner will be immediately paid to the charitable beneficiary, together with any distributions thereon. In addition, if, prior to discovery by us that capital stock has been transferred to a charitable trust, such capital stock is sold by a prohibited owner, then such shares will be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the charitable trust and to the extent that the prohibited owner received an amount for or in respect of such shares that exceeds the amount that such prohibited owner was entitled to receive, such excess amount will be paid to the director upon demand. The prohibited owner has no rights in the shares held by the charitable trust. 

The trustee of the charitable trust will be designated by us and will be unaffiliated with us and with any prohibited owner. Prior to the sale of any shares by the charitable trust, the trustee will receive, in trust for the charitable beneficiary, all distributions made by us with respect to such shares and may also exercise all voting rights with respect to such shares. 
 
 Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares have been transferred to the charitable trust, the trustee will have the authority, at the trustee s sole discretion 
 
 to rescind as void any vote cast by a purported record transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the charitable trust and to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the beneficiary of the charitable trust. 
 
 However, if we have already taken irreversible action, then the trustee may not rescind and recast the vote. 
 
 If our board of directors determines in good faith that a proposed transfer would violate the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our capital stock set forth in our charter, our board of directors will take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such transfer, including, but not limited to, causing us to redeem capital stock, refusing to give effect to the transfer on our books or instituting proceedings to enjoin the transfer. 
 
 Every owner of more than 5 (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of all classes or series of our shares of capital stock is required to give written notice to us within 30 days after the end of each taxable year stating the name and address of such owner, the number of shares of each class and series of shares that the owner beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which such shares are held. Each such owner will be required to provide to us such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such beneficial ownership on our qualification as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the stock ownership limits. In addition, each stockholder is, upon demand, required to provide to us such information as we may request, in good faith, in order to determine our qualification as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 

CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF OUR CHARTER AND BYLAWS AND OF MARYLAND LAW 
 Number of Directors Vacancies Removal 
 
 Our board of directors currently consists of six directors. Our charter and bylaws provide that the number of directors constituting our board of directors may be increased or decreased only by a majority vote of our board of directors, provided that the number of directors may not be decreased to fewer than the minimum number required under the MGCL, nor increased to more than fifteen. 
 
 Subject to the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will hold office for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 
 Each of our directors is elected by our stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. Holders of shares of our common stock have no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Consequently, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election, and the holders of the remaining shares 

will not be able to elect any directors. Directors are elected by a plurality of all of the votes cast in the election of directors. 
 Removal of Directors 
 Our charter provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock, any or all directors may be removed from office only for cause by the affirmative vote of the stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. For the purpose of this provision of our charter, cause means, with respect to any particular director, conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that such director caused demonstrable, material harm to us through bad faith or active and deliberate dishonesty. 
 Mergers Extraordinary Transactions 
 
 Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, merge, convert, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless declared advisable by the board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter provides for approval of these matters by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Amendment to Our Charter and Bylaws 
 Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot amend its charter unless advised by its board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a different percentage (but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation s charter. 
 Except for amendments to the provisions of our charter related to the removal of directors, the vote required to amend the provision regarding amendments to the removal provisions itself, and amendments to the provisions regarding restrictions on transfer and ownership of shares (each of which require the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) and certain amendments described in our charter that require only approval by our board of directors, our charter may be amended only with the approval of our board of directors and the affirmative vote of the holders of shares entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 Our board of directors has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. 
 Meetings of Stockholders 
 Pursuant to our bylaws, a meeting of our stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business will be held annually on a date and at the time and place set by our board of directors. The chairman of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, our president or our board of directors may call a special meeting of our stockholders. Subject to the provisions of our bylaws, a special meeting of our stockholders to act on any matter that may properly be brought before a meeting of our stockholders must also be called by our secretary upon the written request of the stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at the meeting and containing the information required by our bylaws. Our secretary will inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and delivering the notice of meeting (including our proxy materials), and the requesting stockholder must pay such estimated cost before our secretary is required to prepare and deliver the notice of the special meeting. 
 Business Combinations 

Under the MGCL, certain business combinations, including a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in certain circumstances, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities, between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation) or an affiliate of such an interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any such business combination must be recommended by the board of directors of such corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least (1) 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting stock of the corporation and (2) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. The super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. Under the MGCL, a person is not an interested stockholder if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested s tockholder. A corporation s board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance with any terms and conditions determined by it. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, our board of directors has by resolution exempted business combinations between us and any person, provided that such business combination is first approved by our board of directors. Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to such business co mbinations. As a result, any person described above may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders without compliance by us with the supermajority vote requirements and other provisions of the statute. This resolution, however, may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time by our board of directors. If this resolution is repealed, or our board of directors does not otherwise approve a business combination with a person, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The MGCL provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares of stock in respect of which any of the following persons is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting power of such shares in the election of directors (1) the person that has made or proposed to make the control share acquisition, (2) an officer of the corporation or (3) an employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation. Control shares are shares of voting stock which, if aggregated with all other such shares owned by the acquirer, or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power (A) one-tenth or more but less than one-third, (B) one-third or more but less than a majority or (C) a majority or more of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares that the acquirer is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses and making an acquiring person statement as described in MGCL), may compel the board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquirer does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of 

the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved, or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights, unless the corporation s charter provides otherwise. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply to (1) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (2) acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our stock. There is no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits the board of directors of a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 a classified board of directors 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors and, if the board of directors is classified, for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 
 We have elected to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 relating to the filling of vacancies on our board of directors. Through provisions in our charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (1) require a two-thirds vote for the removal of any director from the board of directors, which removal will be allowed only for cause, (2) vest in the board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, and (3) require, unless called by the chairman of our board of directors, our president, our chief executive officer or our board of directors, the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders in order to call a special meeting to act on such matter. 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors or proposals of other business may be made at an annual meeting (1) pursuant to our notice of meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our board of directors, or (3) by any stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice pursuant to the bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in our bylaws. Our bylaws currently require the stockholder to provide notice to the secretary containing the information required by our bylaws not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of our proxy statement for the solicitation of proxies for election of directors at the preceding year s annual meeting (or, if 

we did not mail a proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting, the date of the notice of the preceding year s annual meeting). 
 With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors may be made at a special meeting, (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (2) provided that the board of directors has determined that directors shall be elected at that special meeting, by any stockholder who is a holder of record at the time of giving of notice, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in our bylaws. Such stockholder may nominate one or more individuals, as the case may be, for election as a director if the stockholder s notice containing the information required by our bylaws is delivered to the secretary not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of (1) the 90th day prior to such special meeting or (2) the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and the proposed nominees of our board of directors to be elected at the meeting. 
 Indemnification and Limitation of Directors and Officers Liability 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision eliminating the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (1) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (2) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. Our charter contains a provision that eliminates such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 The MGCL requires a Maryland corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made or threatened to be made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (1) the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (A) was committed in bad faith or (B) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (2) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services, or (3) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify a director or officer for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received. A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, even though the director or officer did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct or was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received. However, indemnification for an adverse judgment in a suit by us or in our right, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, is limited to expenses. In addition, the MGCL permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (1) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (2) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the appropriate standard of conduct was not met. 
 Our charter authorizes us to obligate ourselves and our bylaws obligate us, to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to 
 any present or former director or officer and 

any individual who, while our director or officer and at our request, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner or trustee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 
 Our charter and bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of ours in any of the capacities described above and to any employee or agent of us or a predecessor of us. 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that provide for indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a12312022exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. Significant Subsidiaries 
 Subsidiary State of Incorporation 1. AG MIT, LLC Delaware 2. AG MIT CMO, LLC Delaware 3. AG MIT ARC, LLC Delaware 4. AG MITT RPL TRS LLC Delaware 5. AG MIT EC LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a12312022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-255931 and Form S-8 (No. 333-255933) of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. of our report dated February 27, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a12312022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Thomas J. Durkin, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Thomas J. Durkin Thomas J. Durkin Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a12312022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Anthony W. Rossiello, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 s Anthony W. Rossiello Anthony W. Rossiello Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a12312022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas J. Durkin, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 s Thomas J. Durkin Thomas J. Durkin Chief Executive Officer and President February 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a12312022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anthony W. Rossiello, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 s Anthony W. Rossiello Anthony W. Rossiello Chief Financial Officer February 27, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mitt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mitt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mitt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mitt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mitt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

