<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1353283_0001353283-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13740567</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>406397</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4023090</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4283651</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2573038</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2222471</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001353283-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323161318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001353283-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPLUNK INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353283
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				861106510
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35498
		FILM NUMBER:		23756356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		270 BRANNAN STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-848-8400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		270 BRANNAN STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001353283-23-000011.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 splk-20230131.htm
 10-K

splk-20230131 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended: , 2023 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities 
 Act: No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the 
 Act: Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion, based on the number of shares held by non-affiliates and the last reported sale price of the registrant s common stock on July 31, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter). 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock as of March 14, 2023 was million shares. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Splunk Inc. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page No. PART I 
 3 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 2. Properties 
 46 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 4. Mine and Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 PART II 
 47 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 48 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 102 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 104 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 104 
 PART III 
 105 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 105 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 105 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 105 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 105 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 105 
 PART IV 
 106 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 106 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 106 
 Signatures 
 111 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including but not limited to the sections entitled Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, predict, intend, may, might, plan, project, potential, seek, should, target, will, would and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 
 our future financial and operating results; including trends in and expectations regarding revenues, annual recurring revenue, deferred revenue, remaining performance obligations, operating margins, gross margins, cash flow, operating income and the proportion of transactions that will be recognized ratably; 
 the effects of the macroeconomic environment and the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations and those of our customers, including impacts on information technology and cybersecurity spending; 
 market opportunity; 
 expected benefits to customers and potential customers of our offerings; 
 investment strategy, business strategy and growth strategy, including our business model and the use of acquisitions to expand our business; 
 our sales and marketing strategy, including our international sales, and channel partner strategy; 
 customer product adoption and purchasing patterns, including renewal, expansion and conversion from on-premises to cloud services; 
 management s plans, beliefs and objectives for future operations; 
 leadership changes and workforce attrition; 
 our ability to provide compelling, uninterrupted and secure cloud services to our customers; 
 expectations about competition; 
 economic and industry trends or trend analysis; 
 the impact of geopolitical events, including the war in Ukraine; 
 our acquisitions, including the expected impacts of such acquisitions; 
 expectations about seasonality; 
 revenue mix; 
 expected impact of changes in accounting pronouncements and other financial and non financial reporting standards; 
 operating expenses, including changes in research and development, sales and marketing, facilities and general and administrative expenses; 
 sufficiency of cash to meet cash needs for at least the next 12 months; 
 exposure to interest rate changes; 
 inflation; 
 anticipated income tax rates, tax estimates and tax standards; 
 capital expenditures, cash flows and liquidity; and 
 the impact of climate change, natural disasters and actual or threatened public health emergencies. 
 
 These statements represent the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Splunk helps customers build a safer and more resilient digital world. We deliver innovative solutions that enable organizations to harness the value of their data to help keep their digital systems secure, available and performant. As organizations reliance on resilient systems continues to increase, it is critical that they keep pace with increasing complexity and potential vulnerabilities associated with these systems. Our solutions for security and observability empower Security Operations SecOps ), IT Operations ITOps ), and Development Operations DevOps teams to maintain resilient systems by monitoring and securing them more quickly and efficiently. We also believe our offerings empower operational transformation, helping customers move from reactive, non-scalable and ineffective approaches to proactive, automated, and machine learning ML )-assisted processes that drive better outcomes even as the scale and complexity of their technology continue to grow. 
 
 We believe that the increasing reliance on digital systems has made the resilience of these systems mission-critical for nearly every organization and the sustained ongoing importance of digital systems amidst the evolving threat landscape further elevates Splunk s central role in enabling secure and reliable operations for our customers. 
 
 Splunk Products 
 
 Overview 
 
 Splunk offers the Unified Security and Observability Platform, which is comprised of the following: 
 
 Splunk Security Includes Splunk Enterprise Security SIEM ), Splunk Security Orchestration, Automation and Response, Splunk User Behavior Analytics, Splunk Attack Analyzer and Splunk Mission Control. Splunk Security helps security leaders fortify their organization s digital resilience by effectively mitigating cyber risk and meeting compliance requirements. SecOps leaders can achieve this by leveraging Splunk Security to scale the SecOps team capability in order to rapidly detect, investigate and respond to sophisticated threats with advanced analytics, automation and a unified security operations experience. 
 
 Splunk Observability Includes Splunk IT Service Intelligence, and Splunk Observability Cloud, which provides fully integrated capabilities for Splunk Application Performance Monitoring APM ), Splunk Infrastructure Monitoring, Splunk Real User Monitoring RUM ), and Splunk Synthetic Monitoring. Splunk Observability provides complete visibility across the full stack of infrastructure, applications and the digital customer experience, so customers maintain continuous health, reliability and performance of their business and the applications and infrastructure that it runs on. 
 
 The solutions that comprise our Splunk Security and Splunk Observability products are powered by the Splunk platform - an extensible, configurable platform that supports expansive data collection and instrumentation, at scale. The Splunk platform provides a wide range of interfaces for administrators, data engineers, analysts, and end users for data preparation, investigation, and visualization. Organizations can also execute unified search queries across datasets in multiple Splunk instances - on-premise and in the cloud - as well as third party data stores. Extensive ML capabilities, including out-of-the-box algorithms optimized for common data types, deliver more accurate and actionable insights. Pre-built ML algorithms and model development capabilities allow data scientists to develop and deploy customized algorithms and models to their custom security and observability use cases. 
 
 In addition, our field organization, partners and customers build content on Splunk to address a broader range of security and observability use cases, extending the power of Splunk, and accelerating time to value for customers. 
 
 We believe that Splunk s Unified Security and Observability Platform offers a unique breadth and depth of capabilities which delivers best in class outcomes for customers. With Splunk, SecOps, ITOps and DevOps teams get industry analyst recognized, market-leading security and observability solutions. Splunk also helps drive better alignment and collaboration across these teams, thereby simplifying detection, investigation and response. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our products are designed to give organizations comprehensive data visibility from across their on-premise, cloud and edge data sources with full fidelity, at scale. Combined with the tools for rapid detection, investigation and response, organizations are able to respond more quickly and accurately, reducing mean time to detect MTTD and mean time to respond MTTR ). Splunk also enables organizations to create process and cost efficiencies by optimizing the collection, distribution and storage of data, reducing data duplication, and simplifying data reuse across multiple use cases for security and observability. 
 
 Splunk products are delivered as either cloud services or on-premise licensed software license offerings that customers deploy in their own environments. We believe that the unique capabilities, rapid delivery, and streamlined adoption that cloud services enable make them the best delivery model for us and the majority of our customers. Accordingly, we will deliver a growing number of our offerings as cloud services to take full advantage of cloud capabilities like elastic scalability while maximizing the rate at which new features are released and adopted. 
 
 Splunk Security 
 
 Splunk Security helps SecOps leaders mitigate cyber risk and comply with regulatory requirements, while enabling them to streamline security operations, increase productivity, prevent analyst fatigue and accelerate threat detection investigation and response TDIR ). Splunk Security reduces alert noise, replaces swivel-chair security management with one common security work surface, and automates manual and repetitive tasks. SecOps leaders leverage Splunk Security to establish modern data-centric security operations centers that improve every aspect of TDIR and maximize return on security investments. Customers use Splunk Security to address a wide range of use cases including: 
 
 Security monitoring Enhance the coverage of potential attack vectors and analyze a continuous stream of near-real-time data for threats and other potential security issues. With comprehensive data visibility across on-premise, cloud and edge, SecOps teams can investigate and analyze alerts and incidents for faster detection and response. 
 
 Incident management Quickly investigate threats and gain an understanding of incidents. Built-in advanced analytics detect suspicious patterns and categorizes them by potential severity, so SecOps teams can focus on the critical incidents. Rapid search capabilities with automated out-of-the-box content, aligned with industry frameworks, accelerates investigation and response times. 
 
 Threat hunting Analyze malicious activities and determine the scope of incidents, faster. SecOps teams can leverage Splunk s searches across petabytes of data to perform in-depth threat hunting and analysis. Splunk also provides continually updated out-of-the-box detections, integrated threat intelligence, and ML models that accurately detect, contextualize and prioritize known and unknown threats by organizational risk. 
 
 Advanced and insider threat detection Discover abnormalities and unknown threats that remain undetected by traditional security tools through early and rapid behavior-based analysis. Risk-based alerting and streaming analytics enables attributing risk to users and systems, map alerts to cybersecurity frameworks and trigger alerts when risk exceeds thresholds. 
 
 Compliance Centralize cyber-hygiene initiatives and the operational overhead needed to demonstrate adherence to compliance requirements and accelerate incident response investigation efforts. Splunk provides a highly efficient and secure solution, with real-time posture and insights across IT resources and security controls to clear compliance and pass audits with minimal effort, regardless of mandate or regulatory framework. 
 
 Automation and orchestration Provide security operations centers advanced orchestration, automation and response capabilities by integrating teams, processes and tools. SecOps teams can hunt, detect, investigate, manage, contain and remediate threats from a unified security operations platform, enabling faster investigation and response. 
 
 Splunk Observability 
 
 Splunk Observability provides real-time performance monitoring and analysis of infrastructure, application, digital customer experiences and business services, based on open standards and instrumentation. With Splunk, ITOps and DevOps teams gain full control of their data, analyze in full-fidelity and avoid vendor lock-in. Built-in guided root cause analysis helps teams reduce MTTD/MTTR and prevent issues prior to impacting customers. Splunk Observability enables IT and business stakeholders to understand how their business is performing in real-time. With Splunk Observability, ITOps and DevOps teams 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 can quickly resolve issues, improve reliability on an ongoing basis and make smarter business decisions. Customers use Splunk Observability to address a range of use cases including: 
 
 Proactive outage prevention ML-driven alerting uses dynamic and custom data thresholds, and the live status of business service key performance indicators KPI to forecast how a business service will perform in the short term. This enables ITOps teams to get ahead of potential customer impacting outages and helps them ensure better service reliability. 
 
 Service Monitoring to Align IT with the Business Services oriented monitoring and executive dashboards enable ITOps teams to show their impact on business outcomes. ITOps and business leaders can better align by leveraging a single, up-to-the-minute view of how critical services are performing with dedicated service and KPI health scores. 
 
 Alert noise reduction Leverage Splunk ML capabilities to group and prioritize alerts from across multiple data sources. ITOps teams can thus quickly prioritize alerts in terms of impact, significantly reduce alert noise, thus fixing performance issues faster. 
 
 Log analytics for IT troubleshooting ITOps can aggregate log data from multiple sources and domains at massive scale, with full fidelity. This enables teams to troubleshoot application and business service issues from a single source of truth for logs, accelerating investigation and response. 
 
 Extend visibility from on-premises to the cloud DevOps teams moving workloads to the cloud gain visibility across on-premises, and cloud-native environments. By using telemetry data that is already sent to Splunk (logs) alongside new types of telemetry data that are commonly used in clouds (metrics and traces) in the same dashboards and workflows, DevOps teams gain insight into their hybrid cloud environments. 
 
 Isolate problems in cloud native environments Cloud-native environments introduce unmatched scale and complexity that traditional monitoring tools cannot handle, and that make it difficult for DevOps teams to troubleshoot when an issue occurs. Splunk Observability processes in real-time all the telemetry data and uses ML-guided workflows to help DevOps teams quickly and confidently detect, troubleshoot, and isolate issues faster. 
 
 Understand business impact of changes Deploying frequent code changes increases the risk for new errors, latency, or outages that can impact service performance, customer experience, and business outcomes. With Splunk Observability, DevOps teams can understand how each change impacts the business, and prioritize any issues that may arise by business importance. DevOps can more confidently deploy new changes and improvements to customers faster than ever, thereby creating more business value. 
 
 Empower developers site reliability engineers with self-service observability Splunk Observability enables DevOps teams to easily monitor and troubleshoot their applications, while adhering to centralized policies. Our solutions empower them to use open standards to send telemetry data with minimal effort, get out-of-the-box dashboards and alerts based on industry best practices, and efficiently work together for faster troubleshooting. The built-in access and usage controls enable organizations to maintain operational efficiency and safeguard sensitive data. 
 
 Customer and Partner Solutions 
 
 Splunk provides application programming interfaces API ), software development kits SDK ), and other interfaces that enable our network of third-party developers, partners, and customers to build content that configures and extends our solutions to accommodate specific use cases. This range of content includes pre-built data inputs, workflows, searches, reports, alerts, custom dashboards, flexible user interface components, custom data visualizations, and integration actions and methods. Content can be built for a customer s or partner s own internal use, or it can be made generally available for download, in free or premium offerings, from within the Unified Splunk Security and Observability Platform, and via Splunkbase, an online community and marketplace for developers, partners, and customers to share apps and add-ons. Over 2,800 apps and add-ons are currently available on Splunkbase, most of which are built and maintained by third parties. These apps and add-ons help drive faster time-to-value, and simplify extending the power of Splunk to address more security and observability use cases. 
 
 We do not receive any material revenues from the sale of apps or add-ons by third-party application providers. Many apps and add-ons posted to Splunkbase are provided at no additional cost to users. Partner apps and add-ons listed on Splunkbase that are not free are primarily licensed directly by the third-party to the end user. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Success 
 
 While customers can readily utilize our products, our customer success team develops scalable offerings that span the customer journey. These offerings include adoption and implementation services, education services, and customer support services that are tailored to scale to our customers size and maturity. 
 
 Adoption and Implementation Services 
 
 Our customer success planning includes on-boarding and adoption best practices on our offerings for all customers, using an outcome-focused approach. Our prescriptive adoption guidance and success planning are targeted to the specific security and observability use cases, spanning a wide variety of industries. customers have several ways to engage our experts: through customer success manager guidance, a catalog of on-demand services, expert and solution-oriented subscription services, or traditional project-based implementation services. 
 
 Education Services 
 
 We work with customers and partners to help users gain proficiency and build the skills critical to achieving their business outcomes with Splunk. Our Education services include comprehensive curricula, learning paths, live lab environments for teams to practice and learn, and exams and industry recognized certifications to help validate teams progress. The learning paths are modularized, leveled (from foundational and basic to expert), role-based, and technology/domain focused to ensure development of critical skills. We offer flexible learning solutions that span from self-paced eLearning to instructor-led sessions, and hands-on lab environments, all of which are available to and through our expanded learning ecosystem comprising a global network of Splunk instructors, authorized learning partners, higher-education institutions and online learning providers. 
 
 Customer Support 
 
 We provide support and maintain our products through a combination of unspecified software updates, maintenance releases and patches, and access to our technical support services delivered over the term of a customer s contract. Customers receive access to subject matter experts for critical issues, direct telephone support, access to online support, and software upgrades. Our customer support organization has global coverage capabilities, delivering support with deep expertise in our products, complex IT environments and associated third-party infrastructure. 
 
 Our customer support organization offers standard and premium service levels. Premium is an upgraded level of support that provides customers with priority response, update times, and targeted fix or workaround service level objectives for all case priorities. 
 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 
 The key elements of our growth strategy are: 
 
 Continued adoption of our cloud services Cloud services represent an important source of growth for Splunk and our partners. Our existing cloud services customers have accelerated their time to value and achieved lower total cost of ownership as compared to our license offerings. Given our existing customers success adopting our cloud services offerings, we will continue to invest heavily in acquiring new cloud services customers and will support existing license customers migrations to our cloud services offerings. 
 
 Customer-driven delivery model We believe customers will continue to have a mix of deployments across their business: on-premise, hybrid, cloud, and multi-cloud, and in order for them to achieve digital resilience, they need full visibility into those diverse environments. Our ability to offer solutions that span on-premise and cloud is a competitive advantage to Splunk as we enable customers to gain visibility and increase their digital resilience regardless of where they are on their cloud journey. As such, we will continue to invest in our license offerings to enable both standalone consumption and hybrid Splunk deployments that span customer on-premises and cloud environments to serve our customers. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Expand the Splunk value proposition with broader and deeper capabilities We will continue to focus our product strategy and go-to-market approaches on users of Splunk Security and Splunk Observability and we will expand the Splunk platform that serves them. We intend to deliver new and enhanced capabilities, as well as services that provide faster time-to-value and easier adoption and expansion. We also plan to deliver new features tailored to meet the specific needs of users, including more comprehensive data reach, more powerful analytics, and ML automation capabilities. While we are focused on extending our industry analyst-recognized leadership across security and observability, our customers benefit from even greater value when multiple organizations are generating insights using the Splunk platform. 
 
 Global Expansion We continue to invest in go-to-market, operations and infrastructure to deliver our services to customers in targeted countries across multiple geographies. Splunk has had success in global expansion as evidenced by our increased mix of revenues outside of the U.S., and we continue to see this as a significant growth opportunity. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 We invest substantial resources in research and development to enhance our offerings, develop new end-market specific solutions and apps, conduct software and quality assurance testing and improve our core technology. Our technical staff monitors and tests our software on an ongoing basis, and we maintain a regular release process to refine, update, and enhance our existing offerings. We enhance and expand our offerings based on customer feedback, our own research and development efforts and through acquisitions and investments. We have made a number of acquisitions in the past and will continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities that can accelerate the delivery of new capabilities, entry into new market segments and our technical expertise. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We rely on patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, internal policies and contractual provisions to protect our technology and intellectual property rights. The nature and extent of legal protection of our intellectual property rights depends on, among other things, the type of intellectual property right and the jurisdiction in which such right arises. We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. We file trademark, patent, and copyright applications to protect our intellectual property. 
 
 Generally, we retain ownership of software we develop. All software is licensed to users and primarily provided in object code or as a cloud service pursuant to browser-wrap, embedded or on-line license or services terms, or signed customer agreements. These agreements generally contain restrictions on duplication, disclosure, reverse engineering, transfer and license circumvention. 
 
 We use open source software in our offerings and business, including as incorporated into software we receive from third party commercial software vendors or technologies obtained through acquisitions, and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. Additionally, we, including companies that we have acquired, have intentionally made certain proprietary software available on an open source basis, both by contributing modifications back to existing open source projects, and by making certain internally developed tools available pursuant to open source licenses, and we plan to continue to do so in the future. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Our sales and marketing strategies are closely aligned to expand market awareness, generate our sales pipeline, and cultivate customer relationships to drive revenue growth and enablement for adoption and customer success. 
 
 Sales 
 
 We sell our offerings directly through field and inside sales and indirectly through different routes to market with a community of partners. These partners include but are not limited to leading, global service integrators, managed services partners, and resellers. We gather prospects through a broad range of marketing campaigns, programs and events. Our sales development teams handle lead qualifications. Large or complex transactions generally are handled by our globally distributed direct field sales teams. Our sales engineers help define customer use cases, pre-sales qualification and evaluation. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our field sales teams are organized geographically across the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA and Asia Pacific APAC ). We also have a dedicated sales team focused on public sector customers, which includes United States federal, state and local government entities, colleges and universities, and not-for-profits. 
 
 In addition to acquiring new customers, our sales teams are responsible for securing renewals of existing contracts, as well as increased adoption of our offerings by existing customers. To accomplish this, our field sales and customer success teams work closely with our customers to ensure adoption and overall account health, which fosters expanded usage through higher capacity or upgrades and additional use cases. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 We focus our marketing efforts on generating opportunities for our sales team and partners, increasing awareness of the Splunk brand, driving widespread adoption, and communicating product advantages and business benefits. We market our offerings as targeted solutions for specific use cases and as an enterprise solution for a broad range of data and use cases. We engage with existing and potential customers to provide community-based education and awareness and to promote expanded use of our products by these customers. We utilize business press, technology press, industry analysts and influential voices to create awareness for Splunk in our target markets. We host a number of events across our sales regions to engage with both existing customers and new prospects, as well as deliver product training. We host our annual user conference, .conf and multiple partner forums as other ways to support the Splunk community to foster collaboration and help our customers drive further business results. 
 
 Partner Network 
 
 Splunk s partner ecosystem creates solutions focused on customer business outcomes by delivering impactful, multi-dimensional solutions across industries and regional theaters. Partners can untap new markets, customers, and data streams with new product innovations. We believe establishing a culture of co-innovation that drives repeatability is foundational to making Splunk broadly available. As such, Splunk shifted the focus to partners that deliver value through building, selling, advising, servicing and delivering managed services to drive higher partner and customer adoption across our offerings. The new Splunk Partnerverse program anchors our partner strategy. Splunk Partnerverse builds on Splunk s global brand, expands our customer reach through partners, and reinforces Splunk as both cloud-ready and partner friendly. There are three program objectives: 
 
 Serve all Splunk partners through one program that enables and promotes a cloud-first partner network 
 
 Differentiate partners in the market through Splunk Partnerverse badging that recognizes a partner s training, expertise, and repeatable success across multiple industries and solutions 
 
 Amplify Splunk partners validated expertise and Splunk-based offerings via the Partner Solutions Catalog and Splunkbase so that customers can easily find the right partners 
 
 Splunk organized its partner strategy to align and support all partner types with a focus on the connected ecosystem and partner-centric routes to market: 
 
 Cloud service providers CSP Strong partnerships with CSPs (e.g., Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud) are the cornerstone of our cloud services. The online storefront known as a cloud marketplace offers customers an alternate way to conduct transactions. Today our marketplace business is driven primarily by customer demand and we will meet our customers where and how they want to buy. We are coordinating product development, sales efforts, and ongoing marketing efforts with these key partners to promote our products running on a CSP s infrastructure. 
 
 Global systems integrators and managed services providers These partners support planning, implementation, and management of end-to-end business solutions tailored to specific customers, segments, and industry verticals. We focus on full-stack market solutions that partners manage to ensure our customers have access to the best expertise, technology, and solutions for optimal performance, security, and technology operations. We are working with this partner set to develop and deploy Splunk platform-based solutions to their customers, extending our overall market reach and total addressable market. We further intend to establish select core business groups to increase our joint selling opportunities, explore new solutions, and promote Splunk s strength in Security and Observability. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Splunk Community Engagement 
 
 We engage with the community of Splunk users, including Splunk employees, partners, and customers, through a variety of online and in-person forums to assist with Splunk skills development. Additionally, our engagement with users empowers the development of Customer and Partner solutions, drives cross-pollination of experiences and best practices, and provides feedback on current and planned future offerings and capabilities. 
 
 Our primary online forums include Splunk Answers, Splunk User Groups, and Splunk Ideas. In Splunk Answers, users share best practices about how to build searches, create data visualizations, build implementations to address specific use-cases and configure and deploy our cloud services and license offerings. While our product, support, engineering and professional services teams participate in Splunk Answers, the majority of questions appearing on Splunk Answers are answered by other Splunk users, including the SplunkTrust, a peer-nominated, MVP group of Splunk users. Splunk Ideas is a forum through which the community can submit and vote on ideas for new product offerings and capabilities, providing a highly-refined set of inputs to our product development efforts. We also maintain active communities on leading social internet platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Slack. 
 
 Comprehensive enablement for Customer and Partner solutions developers is provided on our Splunk Dev portal. Splunk Dev contains resources for building apps, integrations, and other Customer and Partner solutions content that extends the Splunk offerings to new data, insights, and use cases. Developers can sign up for free licenses or access to support both their on-premises and cloud-native application needs. Additional resources made available through Splunk Dev include developer guides, API references, tutorials, downloads, tools and examples to help developers efficiently create new solutions. 
 
 We also continue to support the growth of the Splunk Community, with local Splunk User Groups around the world and a growing collection of Splunk-sponsored events, such as .conf, and other regional and local events. 
 
 Customers 
 
 As of January 31, 2023 we have customers in more than 130 countries and our offerings have been deployed by over 90 of the Fortune 100 companies. We provide offerings to customers of varying sizes, including enterprises, educational institutions and government entities. Our current customer base spans numerous industry verticals, including education, financial services, government, healthcare/pharmaceuticals, industrials/manufacturing, media/entertainment, retail/ecommerce, technology, and telecommunications. Please refer to Note 9 Revenues, Accounts Receivables, Deferred Revenue and Remaining Performance Obligations of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of our customers and concentration of revenue and receivables. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our industry is evolving rapidly and is becoming increasingly competitive with an increasing number of vendors competing across product areas. For example, security vendors are attempting to penetrate the observability industry, observability competitors are targeting the security space, competitors across the security and observability siloes are expanding their footprints in log management and machine data space, and CSPs are extending their native operations and security capabilities across competing cloud environments. Additionally, a number of more domain-focused competitors continue to target specific use cases within the application, IT and security domains in an attempt to drive rapid penetration. 
 
 These dynamics position us in competition with a variety of large CSPs and software vendors, as well as smaller specialized companies, open source projects and custom development efforts, which provide solutions in the specific markets we address. Our principal competitors include: 
 
 Cloud monitoring and APM/Observability vendors; 
 
 Monitoring, troubleshooting, security and analytics services offered (embedded or add-ons) by major public CSPs; 
 
 Legacy security, systems management and other IT vendors; and 
 
 IT departments that undertake custom software development efforts to analyze and manage their operations data across their public and private cloud landscapes. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Environmental, Social, and Governance 
 
 Our board of directors works closely with management to oversee ESG, with each of our four board committees dedicated to areas of the program associated with their respective areas of responsibility. In fiscal 2023, we continued to integrate ESG across the business by implementing robust reporting systems, quality assurance and controls, and integrating cross-functional oversight of non-financial data and disclosures. This work lays the foundation for data-driven program management, metrics and disclosures. In terms of climate change, we have been intensely focused on developing our climate strategy since we announced our climate commitments near the end of fiscal 2022. We are assessing climate risks and opportunities, modeling climate scenarios, analyzing potential net zero transition pathways, and evaluating our second suite of science-based climate targets. Also in fiscal 2023, we published our second annual Global Impact Report, which covers the four priority areas that matter most to our stakeholders and the business: data responsibility, environmental sustainability, ethical and inclusive growth, and social impact. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Human capital management is foundational to the Ethical and Inclusive Growth pillar of our Global Impact Strategy. At the core of Splunk, we are a people-centric company. We believe that the best way to continue to deliver customer success and the best products and services is to focus on attracting and developing the most qualified candidates to join our team (based on skills, knowledge and abilities). In turn, Splunkers benefit from, and contribute to, a company culture that is inviting and equitable, and that fosters personal and career growth. 
 
 We spend time and energy supporting, retaining and developing our high-performing and innovative employees. Our efforts are guided by three principle objectives: utilizing inclusive hiring systems and processes that minimize the potential for unconscious bias in decision-making; creating a work environment that promotes autonomy, learning, open communication and trust; and delivering workforce insights that help inform talent and business decisions. Twice a year, we conduct a global employee opinion and engagement survey to measure and assess our progress related to key aspects of the Splunker experience, especially employee engagement and satisfaction. 
 
 Our commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging DEIB is central to our core values. We strive to embrace each person s unique individual value and the communities that matter to them. This commitment is an integral part of our DEIB program. As of January 31, 2023, we employed nearly 8,000 employees, of which approximately 70 were in the United States and 30 were in our international locations. 
 
 Our Board has general oversight of the Company s corporate culture and human capital management, both directly and through its standing committees. The Talent Compensation Committee provides oversight of our DEIB program and talent and careers programs. The People Organization s leadership team (which includes our Chief People Officer and our Chief Diversity Officer) manages our DEIB and talent and careers programs; the Chief Executive Officer and the executive leadership team oversee these efforts. Additional information on the oversight of human capital management matters can be found in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 Having helped Splunk and Splunkers adapt to the dynamic changes brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic over the last few years, our Global Health Safety team is focused on safe and healthy approaches to planning the pandemic-to-epidemic transition and managing the new realities of a distributed workforce where a portion of Splunkers work from offices, some from home, and others a blend of both. 
 
 Our most recent Global Impact Report, which contains additional information on our talent initiatives and employee engagement surveys, is available on our website. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging 
 
 A diverse and inclusive company is essential to unlocking the full potential of our people, our culture and our business. Our company-wide inclusiveness effort, A Million Data Points, speaks powerfully to our holistic, multi-dimensional approach to diversity, illuminating cultural heritage, intersectionality, experiences and all the unique qualities and talents that each employee possesses. Our nine employee resource groups are central to our enterprise DEIB strategy, helping to build awareness and engagement at all levels of the organization to ensure that all Splunkers feel seen, safe, supported and able to do their best 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 work and thrive in their careers. Splunk is focused on growing the representation rates of women and individuals from underrepresented groups at all levels of the organization, especially in leadership. We provide DEIB education and offerings to embed inclusion and equity in our critical talent systems and processes. 
 
 We work to help provide access to new careers in technology with skills development and training, promoting a new generation of diverse talent through a global network of universities, community colleges and workforce partners like YearUp and Hire Military. Splunk is regularly recognized as an employer of choice in the technology industry and within the various locations that we operate. 
 
 Additional information on our diversity and inclusion strategy, diversity metrics and programs can be found in our Diversity Annual Report posted on our website. Nothing on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Compensation, Benefits and Wellbeing 
 
 Splunk provides a comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits package to attract, retain and engage the talented employees that make our company successful. We provide employees with competitive base salaries, incentive compensation, as well as the opportunity to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase Splunk stock at a discount. Eligible employees receive equity awards in the form of restricted stock units. 
 
 Our benefits offerings are designed to meet the unique needs of our employees. We believe we provide competitive benefits in each local market we operate in to help our employees care for themselves and their families. Common offerings are health benefits, retirement benefits, fertility and family planning benefits, paid time off, holidays and leave benefits. 
 
 We offer a number of additional benefits to help our employees. These benefits include 30 days of paid time off that employees can use for any absence related to the pandemic or a natural disaster, four additional well-being paid rest days and reimbursement for certain expenses related to remote working. In addition, we have a global mental health offering through a third-party provider who gives our employees and their families access to counseling, personal coaches and a variety of digital wellness resources. 

Development 
 
 We believe in leadership and learning and invest in the development of all our employees. Our vision is to further enhance our talent practices and leadership behaviors in order to empower more autonomous decision making, leverage data insights, reinforce open communication and feedback, and set clear rules of engagement to systemically foster increased trust and transparency. We are strongly committed to our responsibility of providing development and growth opportunities to our employees through greater emphasis on internal mobility and fair and equitable talent practices. Employees take advantage of live courses, leadership programs, online training, product training, sales training, technical training, mentor programs, team building events, seminars, conferences, lectures, university programs, peer-to-peer and manager-led training and other learning opportunities across the company. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 270 Brannan Street, San Francisco, California 94107, and our telephone number is (415) 848-8400. We were incorporated in California in October 2003 and were reincorporated in Delaware in May 2006. 
 
 Our website is located at www.splunk.com and our investor relations website is located at http://investors.splunk.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 
 We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, as part of our investor relations website. We 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 intend to use our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The contents of these websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we file. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Factors Related to Our Business and Results of Operations 
 our business model of sales of licenses and delivery of cloud services; 
 fluctuations in our operating results from period to period; 
 our organic and inorganic growth and the effectiveness of our controls, systems and procedures as we grow; 
 the effectiveness of actions taken to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities; 
 our history of losses and the prospect of profitability; 
 costly and continuous infrastructure investments required by our cloud services; 
 our ability to attract and retain leadership and key personnel, particularly within our industry; and 
 expansion and integration related to past and future acquisitions. 
 
 Factors Related to the Economy and the Markets in which We Operate 
 economic and political conditions and uncertainty, both domestically and internationally, including those specific to industries in which our customers participate; 
 intense competition from large and small providers and vendors in the markets in which we operate; 
 market acceptance of our new and existing offerings and product enhancements; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; and 
 governmental export and import controls related to operation in international markets. 
 
 Factors Related to Customers and Sales 
 current and future customer demand, use case expansion and satisfaction; 
 our reliance on customer purchases, renewals, upgrades and expansions of term licenses, agreements for cloud services and maintenance and support agreements; 
 our evolving pricing models and their impacts on our customers purchases, renewals, upgrades and expansions; 
 the length of time, expense and unpredictability associated with our sales; 
 our international sales and operations; 
 dependency on and challenges related to sales to federal, state, local and foreign governments; and 
 customer dissatisfaction, data loss or corruption arising from incorrect or improper implementation or use of our products. 
 
 Factors Related to IT, Privacy and Data Security 
 actual or perceived security breaches or incidents or unauthorized access to our customers data, our data or our cloud services; 
 interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure, and reliance on SaaS technologies from third parties; 
 actual or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our offerings, including when new offerings, versions or updates are released; and 
 legal requirements, contractual obligations and industry standards related to security, data protection and privacy. 
 
 Factors Related to Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights 
 our ability to protect our trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, patents, know-how, confidential information, proprietary methods and technologies and other intellectual property and proprietary rights; 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 intellectual property rights claims by third parties that may be costly to defend, require us to pay significant damages or limit our ability to use certain technologies; 
 maintenance, protection and enhancement of our brand; and 
 our use of open source software and related potential burdens, restrictions and litigation. 
 
 Factors Related to Reliance on Third Parties 
 our reliance on third-party providers of cloud infrastructure services to deliver our offerings to users on our platform; 
 our ability to maintain successful relationships with our partners, such as distributors and resellers, to license, provide professional services and support our offerings; 
 our use of our community website, expansion of our developer network and support from third-party software developers; and 
 third-party advice and information that may not be accurate that is provided to others utilizing our community website and our products. 
 
 Factors Related to Our Capital Resources and Tax 
 our debt servicing obligations; 
 our current and future indebtedness may limit our operating flexibility; 
 the impact of transactions relating to the Notes on the trading price of our common stock; 
 the conditional conversion feature of the Notes; 
 counterparty risk related to the Capped Calls; 
 our ability to obtain capital on acceptable terms to support our growth; 
 our ability to use our net operating losses and tax credits to offset future taxes; 
 liability related to past or future sales and use, value added, withholding or similar taxes; 
 tax liabilities related to federal, state, local and foreign taxes; and 
 the volatility of our common stock. 
 
 General Factors 
 the impact of natural disasters, climate change and other events beyond our control on our business; 
 changes in accounting pronouncements and other financial and nonfinancial reporting standards; 
 the strain on resources and diversion of management attention caused by the requirements of being a public company and related complexities; and 
 anti-takeover provisions in our charter, bylaws and afforded to us under Delaware law that may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 Factors Related to Our Business and Results of Operations 
 
 Our business model may not be successful and may not accomplish our business and financial objectives, which could negatively impact our operating results. 
 
 Historically we generated a majority of our revenues from sales of licenses, whereby we generally recognize the license fee portion of the arrangement upfront, assuming all revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. As customers have increasingly adopted our cloud services offerings, the proportion of revenue from our delivery of cloud services has grown. This shift in our revenue mix has impacted, and it will continue to impact, our revenue and operating margins as a higher percentage of our sales is now recognized ratably. Whether and the degree to which cloud services become our predominant delivery model depends on customer choice. As a result, the pace of the shift may fluctuate and the mix of cloud services and license revenue may continue to vary from quarter to quarter. Because the shift to cloud involves a greater capital commitment, the pace of the shift to cloud may be impacted by factors outside of our control such as uncertainty in the economy and slowdown in technology spending or an otherwise cautious spending environment. Therefore, our ability to predict our revenue 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 and margins in any particular period has been, and may continue to be, limited. Whether our business model of delivering our portfolio of offerings as a mix of cloud services offerings and license offerings will prove successful and will accomplish our business and financial objectives is subject to numerous uncertainties, including but not limited to: fluctuations or changes in customer demand, renewal and expansion rates, our ability to further develop and scale infrastructure, tax and accounting implications, pricing, and our costs. In addition, the metrics we use to measure the success of our business model, and evaluate and describe our business, will continue to evolve as our business model evolves as significant trends emerge. If we do not successfully execute our business model, our business and future operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly and our past operating results may not be a good indication of future performance. 
 
 Our revenues, operating margins, cash flows and other operating results have varied, and could in the future vary, significantly from period to period as a result of various factors, many of which are outside of our control. Comparing our revenues and operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and our past results should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. For example, we generally recognize license revenues upfront and recognize revenues associated with our cloud services offerings ratably over the term of the agreement. At the beginning of each period, we cannot predict the ratio of orders with revenues that will be recognized upfront and those with revenues that will be recognized ratably that we will enter into during the quarter, due to the fact that our customers have the ability to choose between a term license and cloud subscription agreement. Our customers may choose shorter duration term licenses ahead of migrating to cloud subscriptions and may choose shorter duration cloud subscriptions when transitioning from on-premises to cloud services. Furthermore, toward the end of the second quarter, and continuing through the end of fiscal 2023, we saw changes in customer buying patterns due to the uncertain macroeconomic environment, including a slower pace of expansions and migrations to cloud services. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we also saw enhanced deal scrutiny. The size of our licenses and orders varies greatly and can result in fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. A portion of revenue recognized in any given quarter is a result of ratably recognized agreements entered into during previous quarters, including agreements for our cloud services offerings and maintenance and support agreements. Consequently, a decline in business from such ratably recognized agreements in any quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter. Any such decline, however, will negatively affect our revenues in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of downturns in sales and market acceptance of our offerings may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. 
 
 We may not be able to accurately predict our future revenues or results of operations. For example, although our cloud services delivery model generates recurring revenue and cash flows that are expected to be more predictable over time, we may not be able to accurately forecast our revenue, cash flows and other financial results due to a number of variables, including revenue mix, our customers rate of adoption of our cloud services model as compared to term licenses, contract durations, the extent and impact of the overall economic environment on our business, seasonality and the timing of revenue recognition and cash collections. We base our current and future expense levels on our operating plans and sales forecasts, and our operating costs are expected to be relatively fixed in the short-term. As a result, we may not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for an unexpected shortfall in revenues, and even a small shortfall in revenues could disproportionately and adversely affect our financial results for that quarter. 
 
 In addition to other risk factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 
 
 our revenue mix, which may impact our revenue, deferred revenue, remaining performance obligations and operating margins; 
 
 the timing of our sales during the quarter, particularly because a large portion of our sales occur toward the end of the quarter; 
 
 the loss or delay of large transactions; 
 
 changes in the mix of our revenues from sales of licenses to the delivery of cloud services as well as the duration; 
 
 the mix of revenues attributable to larger transactions as opposed to smaller transactions and the impact that a few large transactions or a change in mix may have on our overall financial results as well as the overall average selling price of our offerings; 
 
 the renewal and usage rates of our customers; 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 changes in the competitive dynamics of our market; 
 
 changes in customers budgets and in the timing of their purchasing decisions and in the length of sales cycles; 
 
 changes in our pricing models and practices or those of our competitors; 
 
 the amount and timing of costs, including any adverse effects associated with, our recent reduction in workforce; 
 
 customers delaying purchasing decisions in anticipation of new offerings or software enhancements by us or our competitors or for other reasons; 
 
 customer acceptance of and willingness to pay for new versions of our offerings or new solutions for specific product and end markets; 
 
 our ability to successfully introduce and monetize new offerings and licensing and service models for our new offerings; 
 
 network outages or actual or perceived security breaches or incidents; 
 
 the availability and performance of our cloud services offerings; 
 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; 
 
 changes in laws and regulations that impact our business; 
 
 general economic and political conditions and uncertainty, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic and political conditions and uncertainty specifically affecting industries in which our customers participate, including the current uncertain macroeconomic environment, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical tensions, including the war in Ukraine, which can adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to renew, upgrade, or expand their agreements, or delay prospective customers purchasing decisions, or reduce the value or duration of new contracts; 
 
 changes to our management and key personnel as we scale and evolve business priorities; 
 
 the rate of expansion, retention and productivity of our sales force; 
 
 the amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training, and integrating new employees and retaining and motivating existing employees; 
 
 the amount and timing of our stock-based compensation expenses; 
 
 changes in accounting standards, particularly those related to revenue recognition and sales commissions; 
 
 use of estimates, judgments and assumptions under current accounting standards; 
 
 the timing of satisfying revenue recognition criteria; 
 
 our ability to qualify and successfully compete for government contracts; and 
 
 the collectability of receivables from customers and resellers, which may be hindered or delayed. 
 
 Many of these factors are outside our control, and the variability and unpredictability of such factors could result in our failing to meet or exceed our financial expectations for a given period. We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not necessarily be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 We have experienced and expect to continue to experience growth in our headcount and operations, which has placed and will continue to place demands on our management and our operational and financial systems and infrastructure. As of January 31, 2023, approximately 25 of our workforce had been employed by us for less than one year. As we continue to grow, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate new employees, while maintaining the effectiveness of our business execution and the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture and values, the challenges of which may be exacerbated due to remote working conditions. In particular, we intend to continue to make direct investments to expand our research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative organizations, as well as our international operations. In addition, while we endeavor to grow profitably, investments we make in the growth of our business are generally for the long-term, and may increase our expenses and adversely impact our profitability in the near term. 
 
 To effectively manage growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures by, among other things: 
 
 improving our key business applications, processes and IT infrastructure to support our business needs and appropriately documenting such systems and processes; 
 
 enhancing information and communication systems to ensure that our employees and offices around the world are well-coordinated and can effectively communicate with each other and our growing base of customers and partners; and 
 
 enhancing our internal controls to ensure timely and accurate reporting of all of our operations and financial results. 
 
 These systems enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. If we fail to implement these improvements effectively, our ability to manage our expected growth, ensure uninterrupted operation of key business systems and comply with the rules and regulations that are applicable to public reporting companies will be impaired. Additionally, if we do not effectively manage the growth of our business and operations, the quality of our offerings could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand, financial results and overall business. 
 
 Actions that we are taking to restructure our business in alignment with our strategic priorities may not be as effective as anticipated. 
 
 On February 1, 2023, we announced a plan of reorganization (the Plan involving approximately 4 percent of our global workforce, mostly in North America. While the Plan and other proactive organizational and strategic changes that include optimizing the company s processes, cost structure and how the company operates globally were designed to ensure the company continues to balance growth with profitability, we may encounter challenges in the execution of these efforts that could prevent us from recognizing the intended benefits of such efforts or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 As a result of the Plan, we have incurred and may continue to incur additional costs in the near term, including cash expenditures related to severance payments, certain retention payments (for roles being moved to lower cost regions), employee benefits and employee transition costs, as well as non-cash charges for share-based compensation expense. The Plan may result in other unintended consequences, including employee attrition beyond our intended reduction in force, damage to our corporate culture and decreased employee morale among our remaining employees, diversion of management attention, adverse effects to our reputation as an employer (which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future), loss of institutional knowledge and expertise of departing employees, and potential failure or delays to meet operational and growth targets due to the loss of qualified employees. If we experience any of these adverse consequences, the Plan and other strategic initiatives may not achieve or sustain their intended benefits, or the benefits, even if achieved, may not be adequate to meet our long-term profitability and operational expectations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We have a history of losses, and we may not be profitable in the future. 
 
 We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception. As a result, we had an accumulated deficit of 3.79 billion at January 31, 2023. Because our products and offerings, as well as the market for these products and offerings, continue to evolve, it is difficult for us to predict our future operating results. We expect our operating expenses to increase over the next several years as we hire additional personnel, expand and improve the effectiveness of our distribution channels, improve the performance and scalability of our technology architecture, and continue to develop features and functionality for our offerings. In addition, as a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other operating expenses. If our revenues do not increase to offset these increases in our operating expenses, we may not be profitable in future periods. Our historical revenue growth has been inconsistent and should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow, or our revenues could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our offerings, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, changes in our mix of revenues, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities. Any failure by us to achieve, sustain or increase profitability on a consistent basis could cause the value of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Our cloud services require costly and continual infrastructure investments, and if our cloud services are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 A cloud-based model of software deployment is one in which a software provider typically licenses an application to customers for use as a service on demand through web browser technologies. Delivering software under a cloud-based model results in higher costs and expenses when compared to sales of licenses for similar functionality. In recent years, companies have begun to expect that key software, such as customer relationship management and enterprise resource planning systems, be provided through a cloud-based model. Many of our offerings are now made available in the cloud as well as on-premises. Customers can sign up for our cloud services offerings and avoid the need to provision, deploy and manage internal infrastructure. In order to deliver our cloud services offerings via a largely cloud-based deployment, we have made and will continue to incur substantial costs to implement and maintain this alternative business model. In addition, as we look to deliver new or different cloud services, we are making significant technology investments to deliver new capabilities and advance our software to deliver cloud-native customer experiences. We expect that over time the percentage of our revenue attributable to our cloud services offerings will continue to increase. If our cloud services do not garner widespread market adoption, or there is a reduction in demand for cloud services caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic or political conditions, security or privacy concerns, inability to properly manage such services, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending or otherwise, our financial results, business model and competitive position could suffer. If these investments do not yield the expected return, or we are unable to decrease the cost of delivering our cloud services, our gross margins, overall financial results, business model and competitive position could suffer. As customers have increasingly adopted our cloud services offerings, this also impacts the way we recognize revenues, which may affect our operating results and could have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
 
 Even with these investments and costs, some customers may desire on-premises deployment of our offerings. Our cloud services offerings may not be adopted among customers, due to potential concerns regarding, among other things, changes to pricing models, service availability, scalability, ability to use customer-developed apps, information security of a cloud service and hosted data, and access to data while offline or once a subscription has expired. Market acceptance of our cloud services offerings can be affected by a variety of factors, including but not limited to: security, reliability, performance, terms of service, support terms, customer preference, community engagement, customer concerns with entrusting a third-party to store and manage their data, public concerns regarding data privacy or data protection, and the enactment of restrictive laws or regulations in the affected jurisdictions. If we or other providers of cloud services experience security incidents or breaches, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery of services, network outages, disruptions in availability of the internet, unauthorized access or other problems, the market for cloud services as a whole may be negatively affected. Moreover, sales of cloud services could displace sales of licenses. Alternatively, subscriptions to cloud services that exceed our expectations may unexpectedly increase our costs, lower our margins, lower our profits or increase our losses and otherwise negatively affect our projected financial results. 
 
 If we are unable to attract and retain leadership and key personnel, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on the continued contributions of our leadership, senior management and other key personnel, the loss of whom could adversely affect our business. In the past year, our management team has undergone significant change. Changes in our executive management team or key personnel could disrupt our business, and could impact our ability to preserve our culture, which could negatively affect our ability to recruit and retain personnel. Changes to our executive management team or key personnel increase our dependency on other team members who remain with us. If we lose the services of any member of 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 the executive management team or any key personnel, we may not be able to locate a suitable or qualified replacement, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and train a replacement, which could severely disrupt our business and growth and could be particularly disruptive in light of the recent leadership transitions. There is intense competition for executive management and it may take an extended period of time to find a candidate that meets our requirements if any of our executives depart unexpectedly. We do not maintain a key-person life insurance policy on any of our officers or other employees. 
 
 Our future success also depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, finance and other personnel, particularly in our sales and marketing, research and development, general and administrative, and professional service departments. We have faced, and may continue to face, higher employee turnover rates. Further, inflationary pressures, or stress over economic, geopolitical, or pandemic-related events such as those the global market is currently experiencing, may result in employee attrition. We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous software and other technology companies. We may incur significant costs to attract and retain these qualified individuals, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those areas. Further, our current and future office environments or flexible work policies may not meet the expectations of our employees or prospective employees. If we are unable to retain and motivate our existing employees and attract qualified employees who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational and managerial requirements, which may be exacerbated by the Plan and any similar future actions, we may be unable to manage our business effectively, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We continue to be substantially dependent on our sales force to effectively execute our sales strategies to obtain new customers and to drive additional use cases and adoption among our existing customers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, high attrition rates among our sales force. As our sales strategies continue to evolve and offerings expand, additional training for new hires and our existing team may be required for our sales force to successfully execute on those strategies. We periodically adjust our sales organization and our compensation programs as part of our efforts to optimize our sales operations to grow revenue and drive incremental growth. For example, at the beginning of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we realigned the parts of our sales teams that are focused on security and observability product areas in favor of a single seller model. If we have not structured our sales organization or compensation for our sales personnel in a way that properly supports our company s objectives, or if we fail to make changes in a timely fashion or do not effectively manage changes, our revenue growth could be adversely affected. If we are unable to hire, train and retain effective sales personnel, or the sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base, our business will be adversely affected. Our sales and marketing expenses represent a significant percentage of our total expenses, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may suffer if our sales and marketing expenditures do not contribute to increasing revenue as we anticipate. 
 
 In addition, we rely upon compensation packages to help attract, motivate and retain our employees, executive officers and directors, and to align the interests of our employees, executive officers and directors with our stockholders, and any failure to design and implement a compensation program that achieves these objectives, may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain our employees, executive officers and directors. 
 
 Volatility or lack of performance in our stock price may also affect our ability to attract and retain our key employees. In addition, many of our senior management personnel and other key employees have become, or will soon become, vested in a substantial amount of stock or restricted stock units. Employees may be more likely to leave us if their restricted stock units have declined in value relative to the value at the time they were granted, or conversely, if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested restricted stock units have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase prices of the shares. If we are unable to retain our employees, or if we need to increase our compensation expenses to retain our employees, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would be adversely affected. 
 
 We have in the past made and may in the future make acquisitions, strategic investments, divestitures and other transactions that could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, fail to achieve our strategic objectives, dilute stockholder value or negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 We have in the past acquired or invested in, and we continue to seek to acquire or invest in businesses, technologies, or other assets that we believe could complement or expand our business. The identification, evaluation, and negotiation of potential acquisition or strategic investment transactions may divert the attention of management and entail various expenses, whether or not such transactions are ultimately completed. In addition, the consummation and integration of technologies or businesses involves significant risks, including the following: 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 an acquisition may negatively affect our financial results because it may require us to incur charges or assume substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment; 
 
 we may be exposed to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims, disputes and counter claims; 
 
 we may incur potential goodwill impairment charges related to acquisitions; 
 
 we may incur costs and experience potential difficulties associated with the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business; 
 
 we may encounter difficulties or unforeseen expenditures in integrating the business, technologies, infrastructure, products, personnel or operations of any company that we acquire, particularly if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel; 
 
 we may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisition; 
 
 an acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 
 
 an acquisition may result in a delay or reduction of customer purchases for both us and the company acquired due to customer uncertainty about continuity and effectiveness of service from either company; 
 
 relationships with existing customers, vendors and distributors as business partners may be impacted as a result of us acquiring another company or business that competes with or otherwise is incompatible with those existing relationships; 
 
 our due diligence of an acquired company or business may not identify significant problems or liabilities, or we may underestimate the costs and effects of identified liabilities; 
 
 we may be exposed to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including but not limited to claims from former employees, customers or other third parties, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our business faces; 
 
 we may encounter difficulties in, or may be unable to, successfully sell any acquired products; 
 
 an acquisition may involve the entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience or where competitors have stronger market positions; 
 
 an acquisition may require us to comply with additional laws and regulations, or to engage in substantial remediation efforts to cause the acquired company to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or result in liabilities resulting from the acquired company s failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations; 
 
 our use of cash to pay for an acquisition would limit other potential uses for our cash; 
 
 if we incur debt to fund such acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions on our ability to conduct our business as well as financial maintenance covenants; and 
 
 to the extent that we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 
 
 The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Factors Related to the Economy and the Markets in which We Operate 
 
 Economic uncertainties or downturns could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to fluctuations in the worldwide economy, including financial and credit market fluctuations, changes in economic policy, increased inflation and responsive actions, including rising interest rates, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, trade uncertainty, changes in tariffs, sanctions, international treaties, other trade restrictions, natural disasters, outbreaks of pandemic diseases such as COVID-19, political unrest and social strife, acts of terrorism, armed conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine, geopolitical tensions in Taiwan and other global conflicts, instability in the banking sector or other impacts from the macroeconomic environment. The U.S. and worldwide economy is undergoing a period of volatility and uncertainty, which has impacted our business, markets, customers and industry. These macroeconomic conditions have caused and could continue to cause a decrease in corporate spending on enterprise software in general and negatively affect the rate of growth of our business. For example, increased inflation in recent months, the residual effects of the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and other financial institutions in March 2023, and related instability in the global financial markets, may cause difficulties for our customers, resulting in reduced spending by them on our offerings. Continued or prolonged worldwide economic uncertainties or downturns could adversely affect our business operations or financial results. 
 
 Volatile or uncertain economic conditions could make it extremely difficult for our customers and us to forecast and plan future business activities accurately, and they could cause our customers to reevaluate their decision to purchase our offerings, which could delay and lengthen our sales cycles or result in cancellations of planned purchases. Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may face issues in gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could result in an impairment of their ability to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may be required to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, which would adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We have a significant number of customers in the business services, energy, financial services, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, manufacturing, media and entertainment, online services, retail, technology, telecommunications and travel and transportation industries, each of which is impacted to different degrees by different economic conditions. For example, supply chain disruptions due to the war in Ukraine (and resulting legal or regulatory developments), and any indirect effects, may further complicate any existing supply chain constraints. A substantial downturn in any of these industries may cause firms to react to worsening conditions by reducing their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their spending on information technology. Customers in these industries may delay or cancel information technology projects or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. Toward the end of the second quarter, and continuing through the end of fiscal 2023, we saw changes in customer buying patterns due to the uncertain macroeconomic environment, including a slower pace of expansions and migrations to cloud services. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we also saw enhanced deal scrutiny. To the extent purchases of our offerings are perceived by customers and potential customers to be discretionary, our revenues may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general information technology spending. Also, customers may choose to develop in-house software as an alternative to using our offerings. Moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our offerings. 
 
 We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry or geography. If the economic conditions of the general economy or industries in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business operations and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 We face intense competition in our markets, and we may be unable to compete effectively against our current and future competitors. 
 
 Although our offerings target the new and emerging market for cloud and software services that deliver real-time business insights from data, we compete against a variety of large cloud service providers CSPs and software vendors, as well as smaller specialized companies, open source projects and custom development efforts, which provide solutions in the specific markets we address. Our principal competitors include: 
 
 Cloud monitoring and APM/Observability vendors; 
 
 Monitoring, troubleshooting, security and analytics services offered (embedded or add-ons) by major public CSPs; 
 
 Legacy security, systems management and other IT vendors; and 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 IT departments that undertake custom software development efforts to analyze and manage their operations data across their public and private cloud landscapes. 
 
 The principal competitive factors in our markets include features, performance and support, scalability and flexibility, ease of deployment and use, total cost of ownership and time to value. Some of our current and potential competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand and business user recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios, broader global distribution networks and presence and more developed networks of partners and skilled users. Further, competitors may be able to offer products or functionality similar to ours at a more attractive price than we can, such as by integrating or bundling their software products with their other product offerings. In addition, our industry is evolving rapidly and is becoming increasingly competitive. Larger and more established companies may focus on delivering real-time business insights from data and could directly compete with us. For example, companies may commercialize open source software in a manner that competes with our offerings or causes potential customers to believe that such products and our offerings perform the same function. If companies move a greater proportion of their data and computational needs to the cloud, new competitors may emerge that offer services comparable to ours or that are better suited for cloud-based data, and the demand for our offerings may decrease. Smaller companies could also launch new products and services that we do not offer and that could gain market acceptance quickly. 
 
 In recent years, there have been significant acquisitions and consolidation by and among our competitors. We anticipate this trend of consolidation will continue, which will present heightened competitive challenges to our business. In particular, consolidation in our industry increases the likelihood of our competitors offering bundled or integrated products, and we believe that it may increase the competitive pressures we face with respect to our offerings. If we are unable to differentiate our offerings from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced functionality, performance or value, we may see decreased demand for those offerings, which would adversely affect our business operations, financial results and growth prospects. Further, it is possible that continued industry consolidation may impact customers perceptions of the viability of smaller or even medium-sized software firms and consequently their willingness to use software solutions from such firms. Similarly, if customers seek to concentrate their software license purchases in the product portfolios of a few large providers, we may be at a competitive disadvantage regardless of the performance and features of our offerings. We believe that in order to remain competitive at the large enterprise level, we will need to develop and expand relationships with CSPs, global system integrators and managed service providers that provide a broad range of products and services. If we are unable to anticipate competitive challenges or compete effectively, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 If our new and existing offerings and product enhancements do not achieve sufficient market acceptance, our financial results and competitive position will suffer. 
 
 Our business substantially depends on, and we expect our business to continue to substantially depend on, sales of licenses, maintenance and services related to Splunk Enterprise and sales of subscriptions related to our cloud-based offerings. As such, the market acceptance of these offerings is critical to our continued success. Demand for these offerings is affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including continued market acceptance of these products by referenceable accounts for existing and new use cases, the timing of development and release of new products by our competitors, technological change, and growth or contraction in our market and the economy in general. If we are unable to continue to meet customer demands or to achieve more widespread market acceptance of these platform products, our business operations, financial results and growth prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We spend substantial amounts of time and money to research and develop or acquire new offerings and enhanced versions of our existing offerings to incorporate additional features, improve functionality or other enhancements in order to meet our customers rapidly evolving demands. In addition, we continue to invest in solutions that can be deployed on top of our platform to target specific use cases and to cultivate our community of application developers and users. When we develop a new or enhanced version of an existing offering, we typically incur expenses and expend resources upfront to market, promote and sell the new offering. Therefore, when we develop or acquire new or enhanced offerings, their introduction must achieve high levels of market acceptance in order to justify the amount of our investment in developing and bringing them to market. If our recent product expansions and offerings do not garner widespread market adoption and implementation, our financial results and competitive position could suffer. 
 
 Further, we may make changes to our offerings that our customers do not like, find useful or agree with. We may also discontinue certain features, begin to charge for certain features that are currently free or increase fees for any of our features or usage of our offerings. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our new and existing offerings or product enhancements and changes to our existing offerings could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: 
 
 our failure to predict market demand accurately in terms of product functionality and to supply offerings that meet this demand in a timely fashion; 
 
 real or perceived defects, errors or failures; 
 
 negative publicity about their performance or effectiveness; 
 
 delays in releasing to the market our new offerings or enhancements to our existing offerings to the market; 
 
 release of cloud-based offerings that do not, or are perceived to not, fully meet customers security and compliance needs; 
 
 introduction or anticipated introduction of competing products by our competitors; 
 
 inability to scale and perform to meet customer demands; 
 
 poor business conditions for our end-customers, causing them to delay IT purchases; and 
 
 reluctance of customers to purchase products incorporating open source software. 
 
 If our new or existing offerings or enhancements and changes do not achieve adequate acceptance in the market, our competitive position will be impaired, and our revenue, business and financial results will be negatively impacted. The adverse effect on our financial results may be particularly acute because of the significant research, development, marketing, sales and other expenses we will have incurred in connection with the new offerings or enhancements. 
 
 The extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business, results of operations and cash flows will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 
 Even after the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have subsided, we may experience material and adverse impacts to our business as a result of the virus s global economic impact, including the worldwide supply chain disruption, availability of credit, bankruptcies or insolvencies of customers, and recession or economic downturn. In addition, inflation has impacted and may continue to impact consumer spending and the economy as a whole. The nature and extent of the long-term impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our customers and our customers response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to assess or predict, and we may be unable to accurately forecast our revenues or financial results or other performance metrics, especially given that the long term impact of the pandemic remains uncertain. Our actual results could be materially above or below our forecasts, which could disappoint analysts and investors and/or cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 It is not possible at this time to estimate the long-term impact that the COVID-19 pandemic could have on our business, as the impact will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and still cannot be predicted. Furthermore, due to our shift to a cloud services delivery model, the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. 
 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. 
 
 Our offerings are subject to United States export controls, and we incorporate encryption technology into certain of our offerings. These encryption offerings and the underlying technology may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations, including by license. 
 
 Furthermore, our activities are subject to the U.S. economic sanctions laws and regulations that prohibit the shipment of certain products and services without the required export authorizations or export to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. While we take precautions to prevent our offerings from being exported in violation of these laws, including obtaining authorizations for our encryption offerings where appropriate, implementing IP address blocking and screenings against U.S. Government and international lists of restricted and prohibited persons, we cannot guarantee that the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 precautions we take will prevent violations of export control and sanctions laws. For example, downloads of our free software may have in the past been made in potential violation of the export control and economic sanctions laws. 
 
 We also note that if our partners fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected, through reputational harm as well as other negative consequences including government investigations and penalties. We presently incorporate export control compliance requirements in our partner and customer agreements. Complying with export control and sanctions regulations for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. 
 
 Violations of U.S. sanctions or export control laws can result in fines or penalties, including civil penalties of up to 300,000 or twice the value of the transaction, whichever is greater, per violation. In the event of criminal knowing and willful violations of these laws, fines of up to 1 million per violation and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers could be imposed. 
 
 From time to time, as part of our acquisition activity, we have discovered a limited number of instances where certain activity raised concerns about potential violations of U.S. sanctions or export control laws. For example, we previously discovered that the SaaS platform or product of an acquired company was accessed (or attempted to be accessed) from IP addresses potentially located in embargoed countries. As a result, we have submitted and may, in the future, submit voluntary disclosures with the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC to alert the agency to these types of potential violations. If we (including the companies we acquire) are found to be in violation of U.S. economic sanctions or export control laws, it could result in fines and penalties. We may also be adversely affected through other penalties, reputational harm, loss of access to certain markets or otherwise. 
 
 While we have extensive procedures in place, we recently determined that one of our development partners in India may have accessed certain of our encryption source code and technology without meeting relevant export control requirements. We filed an Initial Voluntary Disclosure in December 2022 with the U.S. Commerce Department s Bureau of Industry and Security BIS and we are currently preparing the Final Voluntary Disclosure for submission to BIS. 
 
 Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our offerings or could limit our customers ability to implement our offerings in those countries. Changes in our offerings or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our offerings in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our offerings globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our offerings to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, including as a result of geopolitical developments following the war in Ukraine, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our offerings by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our offerings to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our offerings or limitation on our ability to export or sell our offerings would likely adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 
 Factors Related to Customers and Sales 
 
 If customers do not expand their use of our offerings beyond the current predominant use cases, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 
 Most of our customers currently use our offerings to support application management, IT operations, security and compliance functions. Our ability to grow our business depends in part on our ability to help enable current and future customers to increase their use of our offerings for their existing use cases and expand their use of our offerings to additional use cases. If we fail to achieve market acceptance of our offerings for these applications, if we fail to predict demand for product functionality or respond to such demand in a timely fashion, if our customers are not satisfied with our offerings, or if a competitor establishes a more widely adopted solution for these applications, our ability to grow our business and financial results will be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business and growth depend substantially on customers entering into, renewing, upgrading and expanding their term licenses, agreements for cloud services and maintenance and support agreements with us. Any decline in our customer renewals, upgrades or expansions could adversely affect our future operating results. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We typically enter into agreements for our license offerings, cloud services, and maintenance and support services, which customers have discretion to renew or terminate at the end of the initial term. In order for us to improve our operating results, it is important that new customers enter into renewable agreements, and our existing customers renew, upgrade and expand their agreements when the initial contract term expires. Our customers have no obligation to renew, upgrade or expand their agreements with us after the terms have expired. Our customers renewal, upgrade and expansion rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our offerings, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alterations or reductions in our customers spending levels. Toward the end of the second quarter, and continuing through the end of fiscal 2023, we saw changes in customer buying patterns due to the uncertain macroeconomic environment, including a slower pace of expansions and migrations to cloud services. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we also saw enhanced deal scrutiny. If our customers do not renew, upgrade or expand their agreements with us or renew on terms less favorable to us, our revenues may decline. 
 
 We employ multiple and evolving pricing models, which subject us to various pricing and licensing challenges that could make it difficult for us to derive value from our customers and may adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We employ multiple and evolving pricing models for our offerings. For example, we generally charge our customers for their use of Splunk Enterprise based on either the estimated daily data indexing capacity or compute power consumed to support our customers workload. We are seeing an increasing share of our business being based on workload pricing. In addition, Splunk Cloud Platform is generally priced based on either the volume of data indexed per day including a fixed amount of data storage, or purchased infrastructure, data storage and bandwidth our customers require to support the underlying workload, while Splunk SOAR and Splunk On-Call are priced by the number of seats, or events used for the products and suites are subscribed based on the number of hosts. Depending on the mix of licenses and cloud subscriptions, our revenues or deferred revenues could be adversely affected. Our pricing models may ultimately result in a higher total cost to our customers generally as data volumes or compute usage increase over time, or may cause our customers to limit or decrease usage in order to stay within the limits of their existing licenses or cloud subscriptions, or lower their costs, making it more difficult for us to compete in our markets or negatively impacting our financial results. As the amount of data and analytic needs within our customers organizations grow, we face downward pressure from our customers regarding our pricing, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating margins. In addition, our pricing models may allow competitors with different pricing models to attract customers unfamiliar or uncomfortable with our pricing models, which would cause us to lose business or modify our pricing models, both of which could adversely affect our revenues and operating margins. We have introduced and expect to continue to introduce variations to our pricing models, including but not limited to, predictive pricing programs, workload-based pricing, entity-based pricing, rapid adoption packages and other pricing programs that provide broader usage and cost predictability as well as tiered pricing based on deployment models, data source types, compute and storage units and customer environments. Any change in pricing models bears inherent risks as it may provide customers a choice to go for the lower-cost option, therefore putting renewal and customer lifetime value at risk. Although we believe that these pricing models and variations to these models will drive net new customers and increase customer adoption, it is possible that they will not and may potentially cause customers to decline to purchase or renew licenses or cloud subscriptions, or confuse customers and reduce their lifetime value, which could negatively impact our revenue, business and financial results. 
 
 Furthermore, while our offerings can measure and limit customer usage for the most part, we removed metered license enforcement via our software under certain circumstances, and in other circumstances, such limitations may be improperly circumvented or otherwise bypassed by users. For those offerings where we are not fully able to track usage, customers may be consuming over their licensed capacity, which may reduce our revenue opportunities. Similarly, we provide our customers with an encrypted license key for enabling their use of our offerings. There is no guarantee that users of our offerings will abide by the terms of these license limitations or encrypted license keys, and if they do not, we may not be able to capture the full value for the use of our offerings. For example, our enterprise license is generally meant for our customers internal use only. If our internal use customers improperly make our offerings available to their customers or other third parties, for example, through a cloud or managed service offering not authorized by us, it may displace our end user sales. Additionally, if an internal use customer that has received a volume discount from us improperly makes available our offerings to its end customers, we may experience price erosion and be unable to capture the appropriate value from those end customers. 
 
 Our sales cycle is long and unpredictable, particularly with respect to large customers, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. 
 
 Our operating results may fluctuate, in part, because of the resource intensive nature of our sales efforts, the length and variability of the sales cycle of our offerings and the short-term difficulty in adjusting our operating expenses. Our operating results depend in part on sales to large customers. The length of our sales cycle, from initial evaluation to delivery of and payment for the software license, varies substantially from customer to customer. This variation is due to numerous factors, 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 including in the expansion of our offerings and new pricing models, as well as the potential for different buying centers for the same offering. In addition, Splunk Cloud Platform has generated interest from our customers who are also considering purchasing and deploying Splunk Enterprise on-premises. In some cases, our customers may wish to consider a combination of these offerings, potentially further slowing our sales cycle. Our sales cycle can extend to more than a year for certain customers, particularly large customers. It is difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, an existing customer will convert from a term license to cloud services, we will make a sale with a potential customer, or a user of a trial version of one of our offerings will upgrade to the paid version of that offering. As a result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. For example, toward the end of the second quarter, and continuing through the end of fiscal 2023, we saw changes in customer buying patterns due to the uncertain macroeconomic environment, including a slower pace of expansions and migrations to cloud services. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we also saw enhanced deal scrutiny. The loss or delay of one or more large transactions in a quarter could impact our operating results for that quarter and any future quarters for which revenues from that transaction are lost or delayed. As a result of these factors, it is difficult for us to forecast our revenues accurately in any quarter. Because a substantial portion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term (subject to rising fixed costs in the longer term as discussed above), our operating results will suffer if revenues fall below our expectations in a particular quarter. 
 
 Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks and challenges that can adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we derived approximately 33 of our total revenues from customers outside the United States, and we are continuing to expand our international operations as part of our growth strategy. This strategy requires us to recruit and retain qualified technical and managerial employees, manage multiple remote locations performing complex software development projects and ensure intellectual property protection outside of the U.S. We expect to continue to hire employees outside of the United States to reach new customers and gain access to additional technical talent. We currently have sales personnel and sales and support operations in the United States and certain countries around the world. To the extent that we experience difficulties in recruiting, training, managing, or retaining non-U.S. staff, and specifically sales management and sales personnel staff, we may experience difficulties in sales productivity in, or market penetration of, non-U.S. markets. Additionally, our sales organization outside the United States is substantially smaller than our sales organization in the United States, and we rely heavily on our indirect sales channel for non-U.S. sales. Our ability to convince customers to expand their use of our offerings or renew their agreements with us is directly correlated to our direct engagement with the customer. To the extent we are unable to engage with non-U.S. customers effectively with our limited sales force, professional services and support capacity or our indirect sales model, we may be unable to grow sales to new or existing customers to the same degree we have experienced in the United States. 
 
 Our international operations subject us to a variety of risks and challenges, including: 
 
 difficulties in managing and staffing international operations and the increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations; 
 
 reliance on partners, which may have different incentives or may sell competing products, as well as different approaches with respect to compliance with laws and regulations, business practices and other day-to-day activities; 
 
 longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable or satisfying revenue recognition criteria, especially in emerging markets; 
 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 
 general economic conditions in each country or region; 
 
 political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world; 
 
 compliance with multiple and changing foreign laws and regulations, including those governing employment, tax, privacy and data protection, data transfer, data security, data residency, and industry-specific matters, and the risks and costs of non-compliance with such laws and regulations; 
 
 compliance with laws and regulations for foreign operations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell our offerings in certain foreign 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance, including as a result of any changes in trade relations, sanctioned parties or other restrictions; 
 
 heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of financial statements and irregularities in financial statements; 
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the related effect on our financial results; 
 
 difficulties in repatriating or transferring funds from, or converting currencies in, certain countries; 
 
 the need for localized software and licensing programs; 
 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing intellectual property and contract rights abroad; and 
 
 natural disasters, diseases and pandemics, such as COVID-19, that may disproportionately affect areas in which we do business. 
 
 Geopolitical events may impact our operations and financial results. For example, the impact of the United Kingdom exiting the European Union (the EU (often referred to as Brexit on EU-UK political, trade, economic and diplomatic relations continues to be uncertain and such impact may not be fully realized for several years or more. Continued uncertainty and friction may result in regulatory, operational, and cost challenges to our United Kingdom and international operations. 
 
 Any of these risks could adversely affect our international operations, reduce our international revenues or increase our operating costs, adversely affecting our business operations, financial results and growth prospects. 
 
 In addition, compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. We may be unable to keep current with changes in foreign government requirements and laws as they change from time to time. Failure to comply with these regulations could have adverse effects on our business. In many foreign countries, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or United States regulations applicable to us. In addition, although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and policies, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, partners and agents will comply with these laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, partners or agents could result in delays in revenue recognition, financial reporting misstatements, fines, penalties, or the prohibition of the importation or exportation of our offerings and could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
 
 Our sales to public sector customers are subject to a number of additional challenges and risks. 
 
 We derive a portion of our revenues from contracts with U.S. federal, state and local and foreign governments, and we believe that the success and growth of our business will continue to depend on our successful procurement of government contracts. For our sales to these public sector customers, we must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of contracts, which affect how our partners and how we do business with governmental agencies. These laws and regulations provide public sector customers rights, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts. Such rights may include price protection, the accuracy of information provided to the government, compliance with procurement integrity and government ethics, compliance with specified product certifications, product restrictions, pre-conditions for access to controlled or classified information, compliance with supply chain requirements, labor regulations, supplier diversity policies, and other terms that are particular to public sector customers. These laws and regulations may impose added costs on our business, and failure to comply with these or other applicable regulations and requirements, including non-compliance in the past, could lead to bid protests, contract cure actions, contract actions grounded in fraud, claims for damages or other relief, penalties, termination of contracts, loss of exclusive rights in our intellectual property, substantial audit or re-procurement costs and temporary suspension or permanent debarment from government contracting. Any such damages, penalties, disruptions or limitations in our ability to do business with the public sector could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. 
 
 In October 2019, Splunk Cloud Platform received authorization under the U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program FedRAMP that allows U.S. federal government agencies and contractors to have greater integration 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 with our platform if and when they transition to cloud-based computing. Splunk achieved accreditation against the Protected Level under the Australian Information Security Registered Assessors Program (IRAP) in June 2021. In September 2021, the U.S. Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) granted Splunk Cloud Platform U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) Impact Level 5 (IL5), which allows U.S. government agencies to use our platform for high sensitivity Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Maintaining FedRAMP, IRAP, IL5, and other such restricted cloud environments places an increased compliance burden upon us, which may increase our internal costs to provide services to government agencies. If we cannot adequately comply with these compliance requirements and the complexities of maintaining multiple programs, our growth could be adversely impacted, and we could incur significant liability and our reputation and business could be harmed. 
 
 Factors that could impede our ability to maintain or increase the amount of revenues derived from government contracts, include: 
 
 changes in fiscal or contracting policies; 
 
 decreases in available government funding; 
 
 ability to adapt to public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays having an adverse impact on public sector demand for our products; 
 
 changes in government procurement programs or applicable requirements; 
 
 changes in government sanctions programs and related policies; 
 
 changes in underlying regulatory requirements that vary across the geographies in which we operate, which could increase costs and compliance risks, including, but not limited to, the Biden Administration s Executive Order 14028, Improving the Nation s Cybersecurity, and the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act of 2022; 
 
 compliance with agency software security and maturity model requirements promulgated in response to the US Office of Management and Budget memos M-21-31 and M-22-18; 
 
 changes in government regulations around the world related to, among other things, national defense, cybersecurity, supply chain security, and critical infrastructure designations; 
 
 noncompliance with laws, contract provisions or government procurement or other applicable regulations, or the perception that any such noncompliance has occurred or is likely; 
 
 changes in the political environment and budgeting, including before or after a change of leadership within the government administration, and any resulting uncertainty or changes in policy or priorities and resultant funding; 
 
 ability to obtain or maintain the organizational and personnel clearances required to perform on classified contracts for government customers, or to obtain or maintain security clearances for our employees; 
 
 changes to government certification requirements or approved product lists; 
 
 ability to achieve or maintain one or more government certifications, including, but not limited to, the U.S. DoD Cybersecurity Maturity Model and the U.K. Ministry of Defence Cyber Essentials Plus certifications, the US FedRAMP High authorization, the StateRAMP authorization, the Japanese Government s Information System Security Management and Assessment Program, and our existing FedRAMP Moderate, IL5 and IRAP authorizations; 
 
 ability to maintain products on key government acquisition contracts; 
 
 an extended government shutdown or other potential delays or changes in the government appropriations or other funding authorization processes including as a result of events such as war, incidents of terrorism, natural disasters, and public health concerns or epidemics, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
 changes in the duration of, and product expansion and offerings in, our contracts and subcontracts with government and prime contractor customers; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

delays in the payment of our invoices by government or prime contractor payment offices; and 
 
 bid protests by competitors 
 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could cause governments and governmental agencies to delay or refrain from purchasing licenses of our offerings in the future or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial results. To the extent that we become more reliant on contracts with government entities, including foreign government entities, in the future, our exposure to such risks and challenges could increase, which in turn could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our software could result in customer dissatisfaction, customer data loss or corruption and negatively affect our business, operations, financial results and growth prospects. 
 
 Our software is deployed in a wide variety of technology environments. Increasingly, our software has been deployed in large scale, complex technology environments, and we believe our future success will depend on our ability to increase sales of licenses for use in such deployments. We often must assist our customers in achieving successful implementations for large, complex deployments. If we or our customers are unable to implement our software successfully, including related to technologies that we have obtained through acquisitions, are unable to do so in a timely manner or if an improper implementation or change in system configuration results in errors or loss of data, customer perceptions of our company may be impaired, our reputation and brand may suffer, and customers may choose not to increase their use of our offerings. In addition, our software imposes server load and index storage requirements for implementation. If our customers do not have the server load capacity or the storage capacity required, they may not be able to effectively implement and use our software and, therefore, may not choose to increase their use of our offerings. 
 
 Our customers and third-party partners may need training in the proper use of and the variety of benefits that can be derived from our software to maximize its potential. If our software is not implemented or used correctly or as intended, inadequate performance, errors, data loss or corruption may result. Because our customers rely on our software and maintenance and support services to manage a wide range of operations, the incorrect or improper implementation or use of our software, our failure to train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our software, or our failure to provide maintenance services to our customers, may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for follow-on sales of our offerings. 
 
 Factors Related to IT, Privacy and Data Security 
 
 If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or incident, including supply chain attacks, or unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to our customers data, our data, or our cloud services, our offerings may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our offerings may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 
 Our offerings involve the storage and transmission of data, and security breaches and incidents could result in unauthorized access to, or the loss, destruction, misuse, disclosure, modification, corruption, or unavailability of, this information, litigation, indemnity obligations, fines, penalties and other liability. In addition, vulnerabilities in our offerings, including any systems, software, equipment, networking configurations or other aspects of their environments or deployments, may make them vulnerable to security breaches or attacks if their offerings operating controls fail or their source code is accessed or exploited. We may become the target of cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or our customers data or to disrupt our ability to provide services. There is also a danger of industrial espionage, misuse, fraud, theft of information or assets (including source code), or damage to assets by people who have gained access (authorized or unauthorized) to our facilities, systems or information. Because there are many different techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems and data, and such techniques continue to evolve, we may be unable to anticipate attempted security breaches and incidents and proactively implement adequate preventative measures. Additionally, with many of our employees continuing to work remotely, we face an increased risk of attempted security breaches and incidents. While we have taken steps to protect the confidential information that we have access to, including confidential information we may obtain through our customer support services or customer usage of our cloud services offerings, our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could be breached or otherwise fail to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of such information. Computer malware, ransomware, cyber viruses, social engineering (phishing, smishing and vishing attacks), denial of service or other attacks, employee theft or misuse and increasingly sophisticated network attacks have become more prevalent in our industry, particularly against cloud services. The frequency and sophistication of these 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 malicious attacks has increased, and it appears that cyber crimes and cyber criminal networks, some of which may be state-supported, have been provided substantial resources and may target U.S. enterprises or our customers and their use of our products. Furthermore, the risk of state-supported and geopolitical-related cyber attacks may increase in connection with ongoing global geopolitical tensions, such as the war in Ukraine and any related political or economic responses and counter-responses. In the past, we have had to take corrective action against cyber attackers to protect our cloud environment. In addition, we do not directly control content that customers store in our offerings. If customers use our offerings for the transmission or storage of personal information or other sensitive types of information and our security measures are, or are believed to have been breached or otherwise to have failed as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability. 
 
 We also process, store and transmit our own data as part of our business and operations. This data may include personal, confidential or proprietary information. We make use of third-party technology and systems for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, communication with and content delivery to customers and prospects, back-office support, credit card processing, human resources services, customer relationship management, enterprise risk planning and other functions. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our business and proprietary information and prevent data loss and other security breaches and incidents, and to reduce the impact of a security breach or incident at a third-party vendor, such measures cannot provide absolute security. We may expend significant resources, adapt our business activities and practices, or modify our operations or information technology in an effort to protect against security incidents and to mitigate, detect, and remediate vulnerabilities. There can be no assurance that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers, including CSPs, have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats, and we cannot guarantee that our software, systems and networks or those of our third-party service providers, including CSPs, have not been breached or otherwise compromised, or that they do not contain vulnerabilities or compromised trusted code that could be exploited and result in a breach of or disruption to our software, systems and networks or the software, systems and networks of third parties that support us and our services. Our ability to mitigate these risks may also be impacted by the acquisition of new companies, requiring us to incorporate and secure different or more complex IT environments. While we maintain measures designed to protect the integrity, confidentiality and security of our data and other data we maintain or otherwise process, and enable the secure development of our software, our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could fail and result in a compromise of our applications or unauthorized access to or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, corruption, unavailability, or destruction of such data. 
 
 Any security breach or other security incident impacting us or any of our third-party service providers, or the perception that one has occurred, could result in a loss of customer confidence in the security of our offerings and damage to our brand, reputation, and market position, loss of sales and customers, result in unauthorized access to or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, corruption, unavailability, or destruction of our data or our customers data, reduce the demand for and negatively impact market acceptance of our offerings, disrupt normal business operations, require us to spend material resources to investigate or correct the breach and to prevent future security breaches and incidents, expose us to legal claims and liabilities, including litigation, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, and indemnity obligations, and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. These risks may increase as we continue to grow the number and scale of our cloud services offerings, and process, store, and transmit increasing amounts of data. Additionally, we may need to expend significant financial and development resources to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work around errors or defects or to eliminate or otherwise address vulnerabilities, and we and our third-party service providers may face difficulties or delays in identifying or otherwise responding to any potential security breach or incident and otherwise providing services. 
 
 Third parties may also conduct attacks designed to deny customers access to our cloud services offerings. A significant disruption in access to, or ability to use, our cloud services offerings could damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to claims and liability, cause us to lose customers, negatively impact market acceptance of our cloud services offerings or other offerings, or otherwise negatively affect our business. 
 
 The attack against SolarWinds, in which hackers inserted malware into a SolarWinds software update, highlights the growing risk from the infection of trusted third-party software while it is under assembly, known as a supply chain attack. In addition to software supply chain attacks, third-party vulnerabilities may impact our security posture. We have a threat and vulnerability management program to identify, track, remediate and help mitigate vulnerabilities in our IT environments. Nevertheless, the attack on on-premise Microsoft Exchange services and the Log4j vulnerability, which could be exploited to allow unauthorized actors to execute code remotely, highlight the risk that third-party products and open-source software we use may contain vulnerabilities that can be exploited by adversaries. 
 
 Further, if a high profile security breach, incident, or disruption occurs with respect to another cloud-based platform or service provider, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in cloud-based offerings generally, which could 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones, potentially causing a negative impact on our business. 
 
 We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data security liabilities incurred and, will cover any indemnification claims against us relating to any incident, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 
 Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure, and our reliance on Software-as-a-Service SaaS technologies from third parties, may adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 
 Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to use and access our cloud services offerings or our website in order to download our software or encrypted access keys for our software within an acceptable amount of time. In addition, we rely heavily on hosted SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including our cloud services offerings, enterprise resource planning services and customer relationship management services. We have experienced and may in the future experience real or perceived website and cloud service disruptions, storage failures, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our website and services simultaneously, and real or perceived security risks, including unauthorized access to our systems or networks, software vulnerability exploits or cyber security, denial of service or ransomware attacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these website or service performance problems or provide an effective remediation or patch within an acceptable period of time. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our website and service performance, especially during peak usage times and as our offerings become more complex and our user traffic increases or where security exploits may have no available patches or mitigations zero day exploits). If our website or cloud services offerings are compromised or unavailable or if our users are unable to download our software or encrypted access keys within a reasonable amount of time or at all, we could suffer damage to our reputation with current and potential customers, be exposed to legal liability, and lose customers, all of which could negatively affect our business. We expect to continue to make significant investments to maintain and improve website and service performance and to enable rapid releases of new features and apps for our offerings. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop and secure our software, technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology and evolving security threats, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 
 Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our offerings could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects. 
 
 Because our offerings are complex, undetected errors, failures or bugs may occur, especially when new offerings, versions or updates are released, including related to technologies that we have obtained through acquisitions. Our software is often installed and used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system management software, and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures of our software or other aspects of the computing environment into which it is deployed. In addition, deployment of our software into complicated, large-scale computing environments may expose undetected errors, failures or bugs in our software. Despite testing by us, errors, failures or bugs may not be found in our offerings until they are released to our customers. In the past, we have discovered errors, failures and bugs in some of our offerings after their introduction. Real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our offerings could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our offerings, loss of competitive position or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. 
 
 In addition, if an actual or perceived failure of our software occurs in a customer s deployment or in our cloud services, regardless of whether the failure is attributable to our software, the market perception of the effectiveness of our offerings could be adversely affected. Alleviating any of these problems could require significant expenditures of our capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our licensing, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers and could adversely affect our financial results and growth prospects. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to a number of legal requirements, contractual obligations and industry standards regarding security, data protection, and privacy, and any failure to comply with these requirements, obligations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Data privacy and security have become significant issues in the United States and in many other countries where we have employees and operations and where we offer licenses or cloud subscriptions to our offerings. The regulatory framework for data privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. These obligations may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with one another, other regulatory requirements, industry standards, or our internal practices. The U.S. federal and various state and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations limiting, or laws and regulations regarding the collection, distribution, use, disclosure, storage, and security of certain types of information. For example, on January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA went into effect. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Additionally, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which modifies the CCPA, was approved by California voters in the November 3, 2020 election, creating obligations relating to consumer data beginning on January 1, 2022, with enforcement anticipated to commence July 1, 2023. Further, in March 2021, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act CDPA ), which became effective on January 1, 2023, and on June 8, 2021, Colorado enacted the Colorado Privacy Act CPA ), which takes effect on July 1, 2023. Additionally, in March 2022, Utah enacted the Utah Consumer Privacy Act UCPA ), which takes effect on December 31, 2023, and in May 2022, Connecticut enacted the Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring CPOMA ), which takes effect on December 31, 2023. The CDPA, CPA, UCPA, and CPOMA share similarities with the CCPA, the CPRA, and legislation proposed in other states. The U.S. federal government also is contemplating federal privacy legislation. The effects of recently proposed or enacted legislation potentially are far-reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. 
 
 Internationally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data security and privacy or data protection legal framework with which we or our customers must comply. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure, other processing, and security of data that identifies or may be used to identify or locate an individual. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in the United States and are rapidly evolving. For example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR became effective on May 25, 2018, and, in addition to imposing stringent obligations relating to data protection and security, authorizes fines up to 4 of global annual revenue for some violations. We relied in part upon the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the Swiss Administration to provide U.S. companies with a valid data transfer mechanism under EU and Swiss law to permit them to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area EEA and Switzerland to the United States. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, concluding it did not provide adequate protection for personal data transferred to the U.S. On September 8, 2020, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner invalidated the Swiss-US Privacy Shield on similar grounds. In its July 16, 2020 opinion, the CJEU imposed additional obligations on companies when relying on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission EU SCCs to transfer personal data. The CJEU decision may result in European data protection regulators applying differing standards for, and requiring ad hoc verification of, transfers of personal data from Europe to the U.S. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission published new EU SCCs that are required to be implemented. The United Kingdom published new standard contractual clauses for use when transferring personal data outside of the United Kingdom UK SCCs that also are required to be implemented. The revised EU SCCs and UK SCCs, recommendations and opinions of regulators, customer demand, and other developments relating to cross-border data transfer, may require us to implement additional contractual, technical and operational safeguards for any personal data transferred out of the EEA, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, or necessitate the provision of services entirely performed in the EEA, Switzerland, and United Kingdom (as well as other geographies internationally), and shielded from governmental access by the United States. These efforts may increase compliance and related costs, create duplication and inefficiencies in our ability to provide services globally, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or liability, necessitate additional contractual negotiations, and adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the pace of the regulatory framework's evolution in the U.S. and internationally, we may not be able to make the needed changes in a timely manner or at all, and we may be precluded from pursuing opportunities in jurisdictions where we cannot meet the regulatory requirements. This may adversely impact our financial condition and operating results. On March 25, 2022, the United States and EU announced an agreement in principle to replace the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield transfer framework with the Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework. Progress has since been made toward establishment of this as a valid transfer mechanism, with President Biden s issuance of the Executive Order Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activity in October 2022. Additionally, on December 13, 2022, the European Commission published a draft adequacy decision on the level of protection of personal data under the framework. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 This framework has not yet been established, however, and it remains unclear whether it will be appropriate for us to utilize if it is established. 
 
 On February 23, 2022, the European Commission proposed new legislation, the Data Act, which imposes obligations related to access, sharing, portability, and international transfer of non-personal data. The Council of the EU and EU Parliament will debate the draft Data Act, and, if adopted, the earliest date of entry into force is in 2024. We expect to incur additional costs to comply with the requirements of the Data Act as it is finalized for implementation. 
 
 The United Kingdom enacted a Data Protection Act in May 2018 that substantially implemented the GDPR, and has implemented legislation referred to as the UK GDPR that generally provides for implementation of the GDPR in the United Kingdom and provides for a similar penalty structure. On June 28, 2021, the European Commission announced a decision that the United Kingdom is an adequate country to which personal data could be exported from the EEA, but this decision must be renewed and may face challenges in the future, creating uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data to the United Kingdom from the EEA. Additionally, we cannot fully predict how the Data Protection Act, the UK GDPR, and other United Kingdom data protection laws or regulations may develop in the medium to longer term nor the effects of divergent laws and guidance regarding how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated in the future. Our EMEA headquarters is in London, causing these areas of uncertainty with respect to United Kingdom data protection law and cross-border personal data transfers to be particularly significant to our operations. Some countries also are considering or have enacted legislation requiring local storage and processing of data, or similar requirements, which could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services outside of the United States. 
 
 Complying with the GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, CDPA, CPA, UCPA, or other laws, regulations, or other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, data localization or security in the U.S. or other regions worldwide, including Australia s Privacy Act, Canada s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, and Japan s Act on the Protection of Personal Information, may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to modify our data handling practices and policies, which may compromise our growth strategy, adversely affect our ability to acquire customers, and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Further, any actual or alleged non-compliance could result in claims and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others, could result in substantial fines or other liability, and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results and prevent us from offering certain services where we operate. Some statutory requirements, both in the United States and abroad, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and numerous state statutes, include obligations of companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving certain types of personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our service providers. Any actual or perceived security breach or incident could impact our reputation, harm our customer confidence, hurt our sales and expansion into new markets or cause us to lose existing customers, and could expose us to potential liability or require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to any such actual or perceived breach or incident. 
 
 In addition to government regulation, self-regulatory standards, industry-specific regulation and other industry standards or requirements may legally or contractually apply to us, be argued to apply to us, or we may elect to comply with, or to facilitate our customers compliance with, such standards, regulations or requirements. Regulators in certain industries, such as financial services, have adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud computing and other outsourced services. For example, some financial services regulators have imposed guidelines for use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to outsourcing certain functions. If we are unable to comply with these guidelines or controls, or if our customers are unable to obtain regulatory approval to use our services where required, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability to satisfy the standards of certain government agencies that our customers may expect may have an adverse impact on our business and results. If in the future we are unable to achieve or maintain industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards relevant to our customers, it may harm our business and adversely affect our results. Furthermore, because privacy, data protection and data security are critical competitive factors in our industry, we may make statements on our website, in marketing materials, or in other settings about our data processing and data security measures and our compliance with, or our ability to facilitate our customers compliance with, these standards. We also expect that laws, regulations, industry standards and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection and security will continue to evolve worldwide, and that there will continue to be new, modified, and re-interpreted laws, regulations, standards, and other obligations in these areas. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards, or amendments to or re-interpretations of, existing laws and regulations, industry standards, or other obligations may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, and contractual and other obligations, in the U.S. or in multiple jurisdictions, may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. Because the interpretation and application of laws, standards, contractual obligations and other obligations relating to privacy and data protection are 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 uncertain, these laws, standards, and contractual and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is, or is alleged to be, inconsistent with our data management practices, our policies or procedures, or the features of our offerings. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we may find it necessary or appropriate to fundamentally change our business activities and practices, including the establishment of localized data storage or other data processing operations, or modify or cease offering certain offerings either generally or in certain geographic regions, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new offerings and features could be limited. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our offerings. Compliance with these regulations may also require us to devote greater resources to support certain customers, which may increase costs and lengthen sales cycles. Any inability to adequately address privacy, data protection or security-related concerns, even if unfounded, or to successfully negotiate privacy, data protection or security-related contractual terms with customers, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations, standards, and other actual and alleged obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and security, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, slow our sales cycles, and adversely affect our business. Privacy and personal security concerns, whether valid or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our offerings, particularly in certain industries and foreign countries. 
 
 Factors Related to Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights 
 
 Failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business and our brand. 
 
 Our success and ability to compete depends, in part, on our ability to protect our trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, patents, know-how, confidential information, proprietary methods and technologies and other intellectual property and proprietary rights, so that we can prevent others from using our inventions, proprietary information and property. We generally rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors, customers, partners and others, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information, in order to protect our intellectual property rights and maintain our competitive position. However, we cannot guarantee that the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights will be effective. For example, with many of our employees continuing to work remotely, we may be unable to prevent theft or misappropriation of our intellectual property by departing employees. 
 
 Our issued patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with any competitive advantages, and our patent applications may never be granted. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or we may not be able to do so at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Even if issued, there can be no assurance that these patents will adequately protect our intellectual property, as the legal standards relating to the infringement, validity, enforceability and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are complex and often uncertain. Any patents that are issued, and any of our other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others and invalidated or narrowed through administrative process, litigation, or similar proceedings, allowing other companies to develop offerings that compete with ours, which could adversely affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition. In addition, issuance of a patent does not guarantee that we have a right to practice the patented invention. We cannot be certain that we were the first to use the inventions claimed in our issued patents or pending patent applications or otherwise used in our offerings, that we were the first to file patent applications, or that third parties do not have blocking patents that could be used to prevent us from marketing or practicing our offerings or technology. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our offerings are available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States (in particular, some foreign jurisdictions do not permit patent protection for software, and even in the United States, this protection is limited), and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. We have filed for patents in the United States and in limited non-U.S. jurisdictions, but such protections may not be available or adequate in all countries in which we operate or in which we seek to enforce our intellectual property rights, or may be difficult to enforce in practice. For example, many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against certain third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. As we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our products and platform capabilities and proprietary information will likely increase. We are currently unable to measure the full extent of this unauthorized use of our products, platform capabilities, software, and proprietary information. We believe, however, that such unauthorized use is and can be expected to be a persistent problem that negatively impacts our revenue and financial results. Additional uncertainty may result from recent and future changes to intellectual property legislation in the United States and other countries and from interpretations of the intellectual property laws of the United States and other countries by 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 applicable courts and agencies. Further, although we endeavor to enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, licensees and others who may have access to confidential and proprietary information, we cannot assure that these agreements or other steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use, disclosure or reverse engineering of our technology. 
 
 Moreover, third parties may independently develop technologies or products that compete with ours, and we may be unable to prevent this competition. 
 
 We have been and may continue to be required to spend significant resources to defend, monitor, and protect our intellectual property rights, such as by initiating claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. However, we may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be adequate to compensate us for the harm suffered. Additionally, we may provoke third parties to assert counterclaims against us. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, which may adversely affect our business operations or financial results. For any of these reasons, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology or use of our brand, and our business might be adversely affected. 
 
 We have been, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies. 
 
 Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. The litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenues and against which our patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence. From time-to-time, third parties, including certain of these leading companies and non-practicing entities, have asserted and may assert patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights against us, our partners, our technology partners or our customers. We have received, and may in the future receive, notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties intellectual property rights, including those obtained through acquisitions of new technologies, and, to the extent we gain greater market visibility, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims, which is not uncommon with respect to the enterprise software market. 
 
 There may be third-party intellectual property rights, including issued or pending patents, that cover or claim to cover significant aspects of our technologies or business methods. We may be exposed to increased risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims as a result of acquisitions, as, among other things, we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages, potentially including treble damages or enhanced statutory damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third-party s rights. We might be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our offerings and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing the Splunk brand identity is critical to our relationships with current customers and partners and to our ability to attract new customers and partners. The successful promotion of our brand will depend largely upon our marketing efforts, our ability to continue to offer high-quality offerings and our ability to successfully differentiate our offerings from those of our competitors. In addition, independent industry analysts often provide reviews of our offerings, as well as those of our competitors, and perception of our offerings in the marketplace may be significantly 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 influenced by these reviews. If these reviews are negative, or less positive as compared to those of our competitors products and services, our brand may be adversely affected. 
 
 Moreover, it may be difficult to maintain and enhance our brand in connection with sales through partners. We have and will continue to incur a substantial amount of expenditures in connection with our campaigns, and we anticipate that brand promotion expenditures will increase as our market becomes more competitive and as we attempt to grow our business. To the extent that these activities yield increased revenues, these revenues may not offset the increased expenses we incur. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand, our business may not grow, we may have reduced pricing power relative to competitors with stronger brands, and we could lose customers and partners, all of which would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 
 
 Our use of open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our offerings and subject us to possible litigation, and our participation in open source projects may impose unanticipated burdens or restrictions. 
 
 We use open source software in our offerings and business, including as incorporated into software we receive from third-party commercial software vendors or technologies obtained through acquisitions, and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. Use of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software. The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market or commercialize our products. We may face claims from others alleging breach of license requirements or infringement of intellectual property rights in what we believe to be licensed open source software. In addition, under the terms of some open source licenses, under certain conditions, we could be required to release our proprietary source code that was developed using, incorporating or linked with such open source software, or apply open source licenses to our proprietary software, including authorizing further modification and redistribution. These claims or requirements, including any change to the applicable license terms, could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license, require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our offerings, or require us to cease offering the implicated products unless and until we can find alternative tools or re-engineer them to avoid infringement or release of our proprietary source code, any of which would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. Some open source software may include generative artificial intelligence (AI) software or other software that incorporates or relies on generative AI. The use of such software may expose us to risks as the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, of generative AI software and tools, has not been fully interpreted by U.S. courts or been fully addressed by federal or state regulation. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide updates, warranties, support, indemnities, assurances of title or controls on origin of the software, or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Likewise, some open source projects have known security and other vulnerabilities and architectural instabilities, or are otherwise subject to security attacks due to their wide availability, and are provided on an as-is basis. Additionally, we, including companies that we acquired, have intentionally made certain proprietary software available on an open source basis, both by contributing modifications back to existing open source projects, and by making certain internally developed tools available pursuant to open source licenses, and we plan to continue to do so in the future. While we have established procedures, including a review process for any such contributions, which is designed to protect any code that may be competitively sensitive, we cannot guarantee that this process has always been applied consistently by us or by companies that we have acquired, prior to the acquisition. Even when applied, because any software source code we contribute to open source projects is publicly available, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights with respect to such software source code may be limited or lost entirely, and we may be unable to prevent our competitors or others from using such contributed software source code for competitive purposes, or for commercial or other purposes beyond what we intended. Many of these risks associated with usage of open source software could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect the performance of our offerings and our business. 
 
 Factors Related to Reliance on Third Parties 
 
 We increasingly rely on third-party providers of cloud infrastructure services to deliver our offerings to users on our platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of these services could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our cloud services offerings are hosted exclusively by our CSPs. We do not have control over the operations or the facilities of CSPs that we use, and any changes in a CSP s service levels, which may be less than 100 , may adversely affect 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to meet the commitments we make to our customers and their requirements. We currently offer a 100 uptime service level agreement SLA for Splunk Cloud Platform. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times, as the usage of our offerings increases. If any of the services provided by the CSPs fail or become unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, or if we are unable to deliver 100 uptime under our SLAs, our revenues could be reduced, our reputation could be damaged, we could be exposed to legal liability, expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted and our processes for managing sales of our offerings and supporting our customers could be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained and implemented, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial results and the usage of our offerings. If we are unable to renew our agreements with our CSPs on commercially reasonable terms, or our agreements are prematurely terminated, or we need to add new CSPs to increase capacity and uptime, we could experience interruptions, downtime, delays, and additional expenses related to transferring to and providing support for these new platforms. Our customers may require that we provide our cloud services offerings through Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) Platforms that we do not offer, which could adversely affect our ability to attract new customers or maintain current customers, either of which could negatively affect our financial condition. 
 
 Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation and brand, reduce the availability or usage of our platform and impair our ability to attract new users, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our partners, and to help our partners enhance their ability to independently sell and deploy our offerings, our business operations, financial results and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition to our direct sales force, we use partners, such as distributors and resellers, to license, provide professional services and support our offerings. Historically, we have relied on a limited number of such partners for a substantial portion of our total sales, particularly in the Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA and Asia Pacific APAC regions, and for sales to government agencies. For example, sales through our top two partners represented 39 of our revenue in fiscal 2023. We expect that sales through partners in all regions will continue to be a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. As changes in our partner strategy are implemented, including potentially emphasizing partner-sourced transactions, results from sales through our partners may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our agreements with our partners are generally non-exclusive, meaning our partners may offer customers the products of several different companies, including products that compete with ours. If our partners do not effectively market and sell our offerings, choose to use greater efforts to market and sell their own products or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to grow our business and sell our offerings may be adversely affected. Our partners may cease marketing our offerings with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. The loss of a substantial number of our partners or any of our key partners, our possible inability to replace them, or the failure to recruit additional partners could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and could have an impact on the growth rate of our revenue as we work to obtain new partners or replacement relationships. In addition, sales by partners are more likely than direct sales to involve collectability and compliance concerns, in particular sales by our partners in developing markets, and accordingly, variations in the mix between revenues attributable to sales by partners and revenues attributable to direct sales may result in fluctuations in our operating results. 
 
 As customers have increasingly adopted our cloud services offerings, the manner in which we conduct business with and compensate our partners, as well as the business demands placed upon our partners has changed, requiring some of our historically effective partners to adapt their sales and marketing techniques to sell cloud services and term licenses. Such changes may lead to shorter duration contracts, which require more frequent customer contact by, and different business terms with, our partners. In some circumstances, new partners may be more effective in adapting to our business model, particularly when such partners have experience selling cloud services. Therefore, our expectations for our partners, and our rubric for evaluating compatible partners may change, which may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our partners, and to help our partners enhance their ability to independently sell and deploy our offerings. In order to achieve these objectives, we may be required to adjust our incentives, pricing or discount programs for our partners, which could adversely affect our operating results. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these partners, or otherwise develop and expand our indirect distribution channel, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Our future performance depends in part on proper use of our community website, Splunkbase, expansion of our developer network, and support from third-party software developers. 
 
 Our offerings enable third-party software developers to build apps on top of our platform. We operate a community website, Splunkbase, for sharing these third-party apps, including add-ons and extensions. While we expect Splunkbase to support our sales and marketing efforts, it also presents certain risks to our business, including: 
 
 third-party developers may not continue developing or supporting the software apps that they share on Splunkbase; 
 
 we cannot guarantee that if and as we change the architecture of our products and services, third-party developers will evolve their existing software apps to be compatible or that they will participate in the creation of new apps utilizing the new architecture; 
 
 as we convert certain on-premises Splunk products to cloud-based services, third-party developers may not convert their apps to work in the cloud environment or may not find our expanded developer network to be palatable for their cloud-based apps; 
 
 we cannot provide any assurance that these apps meet the same quality and security standards that we apply to our own development efforts, and, to the extent they contain bugs, defects or security vulnerabilities, they may create disruptions in our customers use of our offerings or negatively affect our brand; 
 
 we do not currently provide support for software apps developed by third-party software developers, and users may be left without support and potentially disappointed by their experience of using our offerings if the third-party software developers do not provide appropriate support for these apps; 
 
 these third-party software developers may not possess the appropriate intellectual property rights to develop and share their apps or otherwise may not have assessed legal and compliance risks related to distributing their apps; 
 
 some of these apps are hosted in external sites for a fee and are not controlled or reviewed by us, which may lead to a negative experience by customers that may impact our reputation; and 
 
 some of these developers may use the insight they gain using our offerings and from documentation publicly available on our website to develop competing products. 
 
 Many of these risks are not within our control to prevent, and our brand may be damaged if these apps, add-ons or extensions do not perform to our customers satisfaction and that dissatisfaction is attributed to us. 
 
 If poor advice or misinformation is spread through our community website, Splunk Answers, users of our offerings may experience unsatisfactory results from using our offerings, which could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to grow our business. 
 
 We host Splunk Answers for sharing knowledge about how to perform certain functions with our offerings. Our users are increasingly turning to Splunk Answers for support in connection with their use of our offerings. We do not review or test the information that non-Splunk employees post on Splunk Answers to ensure its accuracy or efficacy in resolving technical issues. Therefore, we cannot ensure that all the information listed on Splunk Answers is accurate or that it will not adversely affect the performance of our offerings. Furthermore, users who post such information on Splunk Answers may not have adequate rights to the information to share it publicly, and we could be the subject of intellectual property claims based on our hosting of such information. If poor advice or misinformation is spread among users of Splunk Answers, our customers or other users of our offerings may experience unsatisfactory results from using our offerings, which could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to grow our business. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Factors Related to Our Capital Resources and Tax 
 
 Servicing our debt, including the Notes, requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the 776.7 million aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes, the 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes, the 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes, and the 1.27 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes that we issued in September 2018, July 2021 and June 2020 depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt, including the Notes, and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or issuing additional equity, equity-linked or debt instruments on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. If we are unable to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, we may be unable to comply with our debt obligations, including the Notes, which would materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Our current and future indebtedness, including the Notes, may limit our operating flexibility or otherwise affect our business. 
 
 Our existing and future indebtedness, including the Notes, could have important consequences to our stockholders and significant effects on our business. For example, it could: 
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy or refinance our debt obligations, including the Notes; 
 
 require us to raise additional capital to refinance the Notes as they mature; 
 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital and other general corporate purposes; 
 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 
 restrict us from exploiting business opportunities; 
 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; and 
 
 limit our availability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general purposes. 
 
 Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Transactions relating to the Notes may affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 The conversion of some or all of the Notes will dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of the Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock; provided, in the case of the 2026 Notes, a holder of an SL Note (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes) has the right to determine the settlement method for any SL Note converted in connection with our delivery of a redemption notice. If we elect or, in the case of a conversion of the 2026 Notes in connection with a Redemption Notice, are required, to settle our conversion obligation in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. Holders of the Notes may also hedge their positions in the Notes by entering into short positions with respect to the underlying common stock. In addition, any anticipated conversion of the Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, in connection with establishing their initial hedges of the Capped Calls, the counterparties to the Capped Calls entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchased shares of our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the applicable series of Notes. From time to time, the counterparties to the Capped Calls may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the applicable series of Notes (and are likely to do so following any conversion, repurchase, or redemption of such Notes, to the extent we exercise the relevant election under the applicable Capped Call). This activity could also cause a decrease and/or increased volatility in the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The conditional conversion feature of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, or the 2027 Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, or the 2027 Notes is triggered, holders of such Notes will be entitled under the applicable indenture governing such Notes to convert their Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. There is no conditional conversion feature with respect to the 2026 Notes, and holders of the 2026 Notes may elect to convert at any time. If one or more holders of a series of Notes elect to convert such Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock, we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, in certain circumstances, such as conversion by holders or redemption, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the relevant series of Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. It is our current intent to settle the principal amount of the 2023 Notes with cash upon maturity in September 2023. The 2023 Notes are classified as current debt on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Calls. 
 
 In connection with the offerings of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes, we entered into the Capped Calls. The counterparties to the Capped Calls are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of the counterparties may default, fail to perform or exercise their termination rights under the Capped Calls. Our exposure to the credit risk of the counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If a counterparty to the Capped Calls becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under such transaction. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, our exposure will increase if the market price or the volatility of our common stock increases. In addition, upon a default, failure to perform or a termination of the Capped Calls by a counterparty, we may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the counterparties. 
 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our offerings, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we have engaged in, and may need to engage in the future, in equity, equity-linked or debt financings to secure additional funds. A significant or prolonged disruption of global financial markets could further reduce our ability to access capital, which could negatively affect our ability to secure these additional funds, or such funds may be on terms that are significantly less favorable to us. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. For example, if we elect to settle our conversion obligation under the Notes in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, the issuance of such common stock may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders and sales in the public market could adversely affect prevailing market prices. It is our current intent to settle the principal amount of the 2023 Notes with cash upon maturity in September 2023. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions, or otherwise reduce operational flexibility. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected, or we may need to accept less favorable terms, which could increase our cost of capital, reduce our cash balances or otherwise restrict our ability to grow. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to use our net operating losses and tax credits to offset future taxable income and tax may be subject to certain limitations. 
 
 Our unused net operating losses NOLs and tax credits generally carry forward to offset future taxable income and tax. We record an asset for these future tax benefits, with our U.S. federal and state tax benefits subject to a full valuation allowance. Federal, state and foreign taxing bodies often place limitations on NOLs and tax credit carryforward benefits. As a result, we may not be able to utilize the NOL and tax credit assets reflected on our balance sheet, even if we attain profitability. Section 382 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), is one such example of a limitation. A corporation that undergoes an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. Changes in the law may also impact our ability to use our NOL and tax credit carryforwards. For example, the legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, limited federal NOL deductions to 80 of taxable income for NOLs incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. As a result of this limitation, we may face a federal income tax liability even though we have unused NOL carry forwards. 
 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added, withholding, or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We do not collect sales and use, value added, withholding, and similar taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that such taxes are not applicable. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may successfully assert that such taxes are applicable and that could result in tax assessments, penalties, interest and requirements to collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties, interest or future requirements to charge taxes to our customers may adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We could be subject to additional tax liabilities. 
 
 We are subject to federal, state and local taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide provision for taxes as there are many activities and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position is not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements reflect our best judgment of needed reserves to cover known contingencies, but there can be no assurances on the final outcome of any tax assessment. Our tax obligations and effective tax rates could also be adversely affected by changes in tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and interpretations. In fact, many countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development have proposed or enacted changes to existing tax laws or issued guidance that could increase our tax liabilities in countries where we do business. For example, beginning in January 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminates the right to deduct research and development expenditures for tax purposes in the period the expenses were incurred and, instead, requires all U.S. and foreign research and development expenditures to be amortized over five and fifteen tax years, respectively. This and other changes to tax laws and regulations, or interpretations thereof, in the United States or other tax jurisdictions in which we do business, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 
 
 Our stock price has been volatile, may continue to be volatile and may decline regardless of our financial performance. 
 
 The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly and is likely to continue to fluctuate significantly or experience declines in the future. Your investment in our stock could lose some or all of its value. Some of the factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could significantly affect the market price of our stock include: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial results; 
 
 variations in our operating results, annual recurring revenue, free cash flow and other financial and operating metrics, and how those results compare to securities analyst expectations; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

the financial projections we provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet or exceed these projections; 
 
 our revenue mix, which may impact our revenue, deferred revenue, remaining performance obligations and operating margins; 
 
 variations in, and limitations of, the various financial and other metrics and modeling used by analysts in their research and reports about our business; 
 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 
 ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company; 
 
 actions instituted by activist shareholders or others that could disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management; 
 
 changes in our stockholder base or hedging activity among our stockholders; 
 
 issuances of shares of our common stock, whether in connection with an acquisition or upon conversion of some or all of our outstanding Notes; 
 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 
 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 
 price and volume fluctuations in certain categories of companies, such as high-growth or cloud companies, or the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the global economy; 
 
 the inclusion, exclusion, or removal of our stock from any indices, such as the removal of our stock from the Nasdaq-100 Index in December 2022; 
 
 public health crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and related measures by private industry and governments to protect the public health; 
 
 general economic and political conditions and uncertainty, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic and political conditions and uncertainty specifically affecting industries in which our customers participate, including continued impacts from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and impacts from the war in Ukraine; 
 
 any major change in our board of directors or management; 
 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 
 
 actual or perceived security breaches or incidents; and 
 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses to these events. 
 
 In addition, the stock markets, and in particular the market on which our common stock is listed, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the financial performance of those companies. In the past, following periods of market, or stock specific volatility, securities class action litigation and stockholder derivative litigation have often been instituted. In December 2020, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us, our former Chief Executive Officer and our former Chief Financial Officer alleging violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Exchange Act ), for allegedly making materially false and misleading statements regarding our financial guidance and the complaint was later amended to expand the class period and alleges that defendants made materially false and misleading statements regarding our marketing efforts, hiring practices, and retention of personnel. On January 30, 2023, the parties entered into a stipulation of settlement, subject to court approval. In addition, ten derivative lawsuits related to the securities class action have been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, the California Superior Court, San Francisco County, and the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (three of which have been consolidated). In April, July and August, 2022, the board of directors received three demands made on behalf of stockholders to inspect the books and records of the company pursuant to Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The demands seek records related to the board and to the allegations at issue in the underlying putative class action. For further information on these and other matters, see Note 3 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Litigation in general, and these lawsuits, could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we were to become involved in additional litigation in the future, it also could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 General Factors 
 
 Natural disasters, climate change and other events beyond our control could harm our business. 
 
 Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, flooding, fire, power shortages, pandemics such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, terrorism, political unrest, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyber-attacks, infrastructure disruptions, geopolitical instability, war, the effects of climate change and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, could decrease demand for our services, and could cause us to incur substantial expense. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses or additional expenses that we may sustain. Our California corporate offices are located near major seismic faults. Significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event. 
 
 In addition, the long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the technology industry in particular are unclear, however we recognize that there are inherent climate related risks wherever business is conducted. Any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, our California corporate offices have historically experienced, and are projected to continue to experience, physical climate change risks, including drought and water scarcity, warmer temperatures, rising sea levels, wildfires and air quality impacts and power shut-offs associated with wildfire prevention. Climate-related events, including the increasing frequency, severity and unpredictability of extreme weather events and their impact on critical infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere, have the potential to disrupt our business, our third-party suppliers, and/or the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain and resume operations. We may incur increasing costs related to the development and implementation of initiatives to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions to comply with the scale and pace of new regulatory and market standards. Transitional climate change risks may subject us to increased regulations, reporting requirements, standards, or stakeholder expectations regarding the environmental impacts of our business and untimely or inaccurate disclosure could adversely affect our reputation, business or financial performance. 
 
 Changes in accounting pronouncements and other financial and nonfinancial reporting standards may negatively impact our financial results. 
 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC, and other various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial reporting standards and review new pronouncements and interpretations that are relevant to us. As a result of new standards, changes to existing standards and changes in their interpretation, we may be required to change our accounting policies, to alter our operational policies to implement new or enhance existing systems so that they reflect new or amended financial reporting standards, and to adjust our published financial statements. Such changes may have an adverse effect on our financial position and operating results, cause an adverse deviation from our revenue and operating profit targets, or both. 
 
 In addition, as we identify ESG topics for voluntary disclosure and work to align with the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board s Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures TCFD ), the International Sustainability 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Standards Board s ISSB s and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB standards, and our own ESG assessment of priority of issues, we have expanded and, in the future, may continue to expand our disclosures in these areas. Statements about our ESG initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. If our ESG-related data, processing and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress on our metrics on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. 
 
 The requirements of being a public company and a growing and increasingly complex organization may strain our resources, and divert management s attention. 
 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased and may continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, making some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly, and has increased and will continue to increase demand on our systems and resources. 
 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations, standards and practices relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, standards and practices are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as regulatory and governing bodies provide new guidance or as market practices develop. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 
 From time to time, public companies are subject to campaigns by investors seeking to increase short-term stockholder value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases, management changes or sales of assets or the entire company. If stockholders attempt to effect such changes or acquire control over us, responding to such actions would be costly, time-consuming and disruptive, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial results and the value of our common stock. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified employees, executive officers and members of our board of directors. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 
 authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights and preferences determined by our board of directors; 
 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
 
 specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the Chair of our board of directors, or our Chief Executive Officer; 
 
 establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 
 
 establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 
 
 prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 
 provide that our directors may be removed only for cause; 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 
 
 require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of a super majority of our outstanding shares of capital stock to amend our amended and restated bylaws and certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 45 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters at 270 Brannan Street occupy approximately 182,000 square feet under an office lease wherein approximately 50 expired in February 2023 and the balance expires in February 2024. Additionally, we have an office lease for approximately 235,000 square feet located at 3098 Olsen Drive, San Jose, California that expires in August 2027 for our business operations, sales, support and product development. We lease smaller regional offices for our business operations, sales, support and some product development in various locations throughout the United States. Our foreign subsidiaries lease office space for their operations including local sales, support and some product development. While we believe our facilities are sufficient and suitable for our current operations, we are in the process of evaluating future office space needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The information set forth under Legal Proceedings in Note 3 contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock, 0.001 par value, began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market on April 19, 2012, where its prices are quoted under the symbol SPLK. As of January 31, 2023, there were 58 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial holders represented by these record holders, but it is well in excess of the number of record holders. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 This chart compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the Nasdaq Composite index, Nasdaq Computer index, and the S P Software Services index for each of the last five fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, assuming an initial investment of 100. The Nasdaq Computer and S P Software Services indexes utilize the same methods of presentation and assumptions for the total return calculation as does Splunk and the Nasdaq Composite index. 
 
 Company/Index 1/31/18 1/31/19 1/31/20 1/31/21 1/31/22 1/31/23 Splunk Inc. 100.00 135.15 168.08 178.66 134.16 103.68 S P Software Services Index 100.00 114.19 141.08 207.85 201.57 164.66 Nasdaq Composite 100.00 98.25 123.47 176.36 192.13 156.31 Nasdaq Computer 100.00 97.87 140.83 205.76 258.00 200.05 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A or in other parts of this report. 
 
 The following section generally discusses fiscal 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and 2022. Discussions of fiscal 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Amounts reported in millions are rounded based on the amounts in thousands. As a result, the sum of the components reported in millions may not equal the total amount reported in millions due to rounding. In addition, percentages presented are calculated from the underlying numbers in thousands and may not add to their respective totals due to rounding. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Splunk helps customers build a safer and more resilient digital world. We deliver innovative solutions that enable organizations to harness the value of their data to help keep their digital systems secure, available and performant. As organizations reliance on resilient systems continues to increase, it is critical that they keep pace with increasing complexity and potential vulnerabilities associated with these systems. Our solutions for security and observability empower Security Operations SecOps ), IT Operations ITOps ), and Development Operations DevOps teams to maintain resilient systems by monitoring and securing them more quickly and efficiently. We also believe our offerings empower operational transformation, helping customers move from reactive, non-scalable and ineffective approaches to proactive, automated, and machine learning ML )-assisted processes that drive better outcomes even as the scale and complexity of their technology continue to grow. 
 
 We believe that the increasing reliance on digital systems has made the resilience of these systems mission-critical for nearly every organization and the sustained ongoing importance of digital systems amidst the evolving threat landscape further elevates Splunk s central role in enabling secure and reliable operations for our customers. 
 
 We typically base our cloud services annual subscription fees on either the volume of data indexed per day including a fixed amount of data storage or purchased infrastructure, data storage and bandwidth our customers require to support the underlying workload. We are seeing an increasing share of our business being based on workload pricing. We recognize the revenues associated with our cloud services ratably over the associated subscription term. For our license offerings, we typically base the license fees on either the estimated daily data indexing capacity or the compute power consumed to support our customers' workload and we generally recognize the license fee portion of these arrangements upfront. As a result, the timing of when we enter into large license contracts may lead to fluctuations in our revenues and operating results because our expenses are largely fixed in the short-term. 
 
 As customers have increasingly adopted our cloud services offerings, the proportion of revenue from our delivery of cloud services has grown. This shift in our revenue mix has impacted, and it will continue to impact, our revenue and operating margins as a higher percentage of our sales is now recognized ratably. Whether and the degree to which cloud services become our predominant delivery model is dependent on customer choice. As a result, the pace of the shift may fluctuate and the mix of cloud services and license revenue may continue to vary from quarter to quarter and year to year. Therefore, our ability to predict our revenue and margins in any particular period has been, and may continue to be, limited. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to continue investing for long-term growth. We have invested and intend to continue to invest in product development to deliver additional features and performance enhancements, deployment models and solutions that can address new end markets. We expect to continue to expand our sales and marketing organizations to market and sell our offerings both in the United States and internationally. 
 
 We have utilized and expect to continue to engage in acquisitions to contribute to our long-term growth objectives. Additionally, we expect to continue to make investments in private companies with complementary technology and business models with the objective of establishing longer-term strategic relationships. 
 
 Worldwide economic uncertainties and negative trends, including financial and credit market fluctuations, rising interest rates, political unrest and social strife, the long-term impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other impacts from the macroeconomic environment have, and could continue to, adversely affect our business operations or financial results. These macroeconomic conditions have caused and could continue to cause a decrease in corporate spending on enterprise software in general and negatively affect the rate of growth of our business. 
 
 Toward the end of the second quarter, and continuing through the end of fiscal 2023, we saw changes in customer buying patterns due to the uncertain macroeconomic environment, including a slower pace of expansions and migrations to cloud services. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we also saw enhanced deal scrutiny. We will continue to closely monitor the macroeconomic environment and its effects on our business and on global economic activity, including customer spending on information technology. 
 
 See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for further discussion of the impact and possible future impacts of the macroeconomic environment on our business. 
 
 Key Business Metrics 
 
 We use certain key financial and operating metrics to evaluate our performance and monitor the growth of our business as we continue to shift to a cloud services delivery model. 
 
 Annual Recurring Revenue 
 
 We use cloud annual recurring revenue Cloud ARR and total annual recurring revenue Total ARR to identify the annual recurring value of customer contracts at the end of a reporting period and to monitor the growth of our recurring business as we continue to shift to a cloud services delivery model. Cloud ARR represents the annualized revenue run-rate of active cloud services contracts at the end of a reporting period. Total ARR represents the annualized revenue run-rate of active cloud services, term license and maintenance contracts at the end of a reporting period. Each contract is annualized by dividing the contract value by the number of days in the contract term and then multiplying by 365. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue, and does not represent our revenue under U.S. GAAP on an annualized basis, as it is an operating metric that can be impacted by contract start and end dates and renewal rates. ARR is not intended to be a replacement for forecasts of revenue. 
 
 The following presents our Cloud ARR and Total ARR (in millions): 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Number of Customers with ARR Greater than 1 Million 
 
 We monitor the number of customers with Cloud ARR greater than 1 million and Total ARR greater than 1 million at the end of a reporting period. An increase in this metric is an indicator of our ability to attract and scale with large enterprise customers who may have a broader array of use cases that align with the Splunk platform. The following presents the number of our customers with Cloud ARR greater than 1 million and Total ARR greater than 1 million: 

Free Cash Flow 
 
 Splunk considers free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated or used by the business. Free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs. Net cash provided by operating activities was 450 million and 128 million in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. The following presents our free cash flow (in millions): 

Below is a calculation of free cash flow: 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 449,630 128,048 Less purchases of property and equipment (13,620) (10,671) Less capitalized software development costs (8,782) (9,361) Free cash flow 427,228 108,016 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Dollar-Based Net Retention Rate 
 
 We quantify our net expansion across existing cloud customers through our cloud dollar-based net retention rate Cloud DBNRR ). We calculate Cloud DBNRR by dividing the Cloud ARR at the end of a period Cloud Current Period ARR by the Cloud ARR of the same group of customers at the beginning of that 12-month period. Cloud Current Period ARR includes existing customer renewals and expansion, is net of existing customer contraction and churn, and excludes new customers. For the trailing 12-month Cloud DBNRR, we take the dollar-weighted average of the Cloud DBNRR over the trailing 12 months. The following presents our trailing 12-month Cloud DBNRR: 

Remaining Performance Obligations RPO Bookings 
 
 RPO Bookings is an indicator of overall bookings momentum. We calculate total RPO Bookings as total revenue plus the change in total RPO. Total RPO is separately disclosed in Note 9 Revenues, Accounts Receivable, Deferred Revenue and Remaining Performance Obligations of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following presents our total RPO Bookings (in millions): 

Below is a calculation of total RPO Bookings: 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 Total revenues 3,653,708 2,673,664 Change in RPO 532,192 591,992 Total RPO Bookings 4,185,900 3,265,656 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Summary 
 (Dollars in millions) 

Components of Operating Results 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Cloud services revenues. Cloud services allow customers to use hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software. We recognize the revenues associated with our cloud services ratably, over the associated subscription term. 
 
 License revenues . License revenues primarily consist of revenues from term licenses, under which we generally recognize the license fee portion of the arrangement upfront, assuming all revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. License revenues reflect the revenues recognized from sales of licenses to new customers and additional licenses to existing customers, including sales from the renewal of term licenses. Seasonal trends that contribute to increased sales activity in the fourth fiscal quarter often result in lower sequential revenues in the first fiscal quarter, and we expect this trend to continue. 
 
 Maintenance and services revenues . Maintenance and services revenues consist of revenues from maintenance agreements and professional services and training. 
 
 Maintenance revenues. When a term license is purchased, maintenance is bundled with the license for the term of the license period. Customers with maintenance agreements are entitled to receive support and unspecified upgrades and enhancements when and if they become available during the maintenance period. We recognize the revenues associated with maintenance agreements ratably, on a straight-line basis, over the associated maintenance period. Maintenance revenues as a percentage of total revenues were 12.7 and 17.6 for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Professional services and training revenues. We provide professional services and training focused on helping our customers deploy our software in highly complex operational environments and train their personnel. Professional services and training have stated billing rates per service hour or are provided on a subscription basis. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Related revenues are recognized as services are delivered or ratably over the subscription period. Professional services and training revenue continues to represent a significant portion of our maintenance and services revenue due to the deployment of our offerings in large and highly complex IT environments. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 
 Cost of cloud services revenues. Cost of cloud services revenues includes third-party hosting fees, salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and related expenses such as employer taxes related to our delivery of cloud services, allocated overhead for depreciation of equipment, facilities and IT, and amortization of acquired intangible assets. We recognize these expenses as they are incurred. 
 
 Cost of license revenues. Cost of license revenues includes all direct costs to deliver our products, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and related expenses such as employer taxes, allocated overhead for facilities and IT and amortization of acquired intangible assets. We recognize these expenses as they are incurred. 
 
 Cost of maintenance and services revenues. Cost of maintenance and services revenues includes salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and related expenses such as employer taxes related to our delivery of maintenance and services, third-party consulting services and allocated overhead for depreciation of equipment, facilities and IT. We recognize these expenses as they are incurred. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses are classified into three categories: research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative. For each category, the largest component is personnel costs, which include salaries, employee benefit costs, bonuses, commissions as applicable, stock-based compensation and related expenses such as employer taxes. Operating expenses also include allocated overhead costs for depreciation of equipment, facilities and IT. Allocated costs for facilities include costs for compensation of our facilities personnel, leasehold improvements and rent. Our allocated costs for IT include costs for compensation of our IT personnel, costs associated with our IT infrastructure and software subscriptions. Operating expenses are generally recognized as incurred. 
 
 We are focused on managing the business with a balanced approach to long-term growth and profitability. As a result we will take measures to control and in some cases reduce targeted sources of operating costs, as we prioritize business-critical investments. Certain strategic actions to reduce our workforce have been taken, including one as described further in Note 12 Subsequent Events of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the period or periods immediately following these actions, operating expenses will generally increase due to the related severance payments and other termination benefits. We generally expect revenue growth to outpace spending in the following categories. Accordingly, we expect the decline in expenses as a percentage of revenue to continue. 
 
 Research and development. Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel and facility-related costs attributable to our research and development personnel. We have devoted our product development efforts primarily to enhancing the functionality and expanding the capabilities of our software and services. While we will continue to invest in product development, we do not expect related expenses to significantly increase on an organic basis in fiscal 2024 as we prioritize hiring in lower cost markets. 
 
 Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel and facility-related costs for our sales, commissions earned by our sales personnel, marketing and business development personnel, and the cost of marketing and business development programs, including advertising programs to promote our brand and awareness, demand generating activities and customer events. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase, in absolute dollars, as we continue to hire additional personnel and invest in marketing programs. 
 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel and facility-related costs for our executive, finance, legal, human resources and administrative personnel; our legal, accounting and other professional services fees; and other corporate expenses. As these activities are critical to supporting our operations, we will continue to make related investments as we grow. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Interest and other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest expense related to the Notes, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, a strategic investment impairment loss, foreign exchange gains and losses, and interest income on our investments and cash and cash equivalents balances. 
 
 Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
 
 Our income tax provision (benefit) consists of federal, state and foreign income taxes. Because of our history of U.S. operating losses, we have established a full valuation allowance on our U.S. deferred tax assets. We regularly assess the need for the valuation allowance. If we determine that an adjustment is needed, we will record the necessary adjustment in the period that the determination is made. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. 
 
 We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, deferred sales commissions and business combinations have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to fully understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Our contracts with customers often contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. We apply significant judgment in identifying and accounting for each performance obligation, as a result of evaluating the terms and conditions in contracts. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. We determine the SSP based on an observable standalone selling price when it is available, as well as other factors, including the price charged to customers, our discounting practices, and our overall pricing objectives, while maximizing observable inputs. In situations where pricing is highly variable, we estimate the SSP using the residual approach. 
 
 Deferred Sales Commissions 
 
 Sales commissions paid to our sales force and the related payroll taxes are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Costs related to new cloud services and term license contracts are amortized in proportion to the transfer of related services and delivery of licenses, including renewals, over the average period of benefit. We have determined that the average period of benefit related to these costs is five years, which is longer than our customers initial contract periods, but reflects the average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit we considered the nature of our customer contracts, the duration of our relationships with customers, and the estimated life cycles of our technology. Costs related to renewals are amortized over the contract period. In capitalizing and amortizing deferred commissions, we have elected to apply a portfolio approach. 
 
 For further information on our significant accounting policies, refer to Note 1 Description of the Business and Significant Accounting Policies of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our total revenues for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of financial results to be achieved in future periods. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Data 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands and as of total revenues) 2023 2022 2021 Revenues Cloud services 1,457,295 39.9 943,785 35.3 554,132 24.9 License 1,521,116 41.6 1,056,481 39.5 971,378 43.6 Maintenance and services 675,297 18.5 673,398 25.2 703,875 31.6 Total revenues 3,653,708 100.0 2,673,664 100.0 2,229,385 100.0 Cost of revenues Cloud services (1) 
 490,299 33.6 398,274 42.2 252,290 45.5 License (1) 
 5,312 0.3 9,215 0.9 20,864 2.1 Maintenance and services (1) 
 320,384 47.4 326,480 48.5 274,191 39.0 Total cost of revenues 815,995 22.3 733,969 27.5 547,345 24.6 Gross profit 2,837,713 77.7 1,939,695 72.5 1,682,040 75.4 Operating expenses Research and development 997,170 27.3 1,029,574 38.5 791,026 35.5 Sales and marketing 1,621,518 44.4 1,534,600 57.4 1,336,056 59.9 General and administrative 454,531 12.4 522,350 19.5 335,144 15.0 Total operating expenses 3,073,219 84.1 3,086,524 115.4 2,462,226 110.4 Operating loss (235,506) (6.4) (1,146,829) (42.9) (780,186) (35.0) Interest and other income (expense), net Interest income 25,401 0.7 2,583 0.1 13,850 0.6 Interest expense (46,026) (1.3) (174,598) (6.5) (123,076) (5.5) Other income (expense), net (9,320) (0.3) (1,939) (0.1) (11,636) (0.5) Total interest and other income (expense), net (29,945) (0.8) (173,954) (6.5) (120,862) (5.4) Loss before income taxes (265,451) (7.3) (1,320,783) (49.4) (901,048) (40.4) Income tax provision 12,411 0.3 18,314 0.7 6,932 0.3 Net loss (277,862) (7.6) (1,339,097) (50.1) (907,980) (40.7) 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Calculated as a percentage of the associated revenues. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 Revenues 
 (Dollars in millions) 

Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Total revenues increased 980.0 million, or 36.7 , primarily due to the following: 
 
 + increase of 513.5 million, or 54.4 , in cloud services revenues 
 + increase of 464.6 million, or 44.0 , in license revenues 
 + increase of 1.9 million, or 0.3 , in maintenance and services revenues 

56 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in cloud services revenues reflects the continued customer adoption of our cloud services offerings. Our customers are increasingly purchasing our cloud services offerings as they deliver the benefits of our license offerings, while eliminating the need to purchase, deploy and manage infrastructure. The increase in license revenues is a result of increased license bookings during fiscal 2023, as compared to fiscal 2022. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin 
 (Dollars in millions) 

Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Total cost of revenues increased 82.0 million, or 11.2 , primarily due to the increase in cost of revenues related to our delivery of cloud services. Cloud services cost of revenues increased 92.0 million, or 23.1 , primarily due to the following: 
 
 + increase of 58.0 million in third-party hosting fees to support increased customer adoption of our cloud services 
 + increase of 15.6 million in salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation expense as we increased headcount 
 + increase of 11.1 million in third-party consulting services 
 + increase of 7.6 million in depreciation and amortization expense 
 
 Cloud services gross margin increased primarily due to the optimization of our cloud infrastructure that supports the delivery of cloud services. Maintenance and services cost of revenues decreased 6.1 million, or (1.9) , primarily due to a decrease of 5.6 million in salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation expense as we decreased headcount. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses 
 (Dollars in millions) 

Research and Development Expense 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Research and development expense decreased 32.4 million, or (3.1) , primarily due to the following: 
 
 - decrease of 16.9 million in third-party hosting fees 
 - decrease of 13.9 million in salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation expense as we decreased headcount 
 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Sales and marketing expense increased 86.9 million, or 5.7 , primarily due to the following: 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 + increase of 80.5 million in salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation expense as we increased headcount 
 + increase of 5.7 million in employment-related expenses 
 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 General and administrative expense decreased 67.8 million, or (13.0) , primarily due to the following: 
 
 - decrease of 53.6 million in facility exit costs primarily due to the recognition of a loss on the termination of a lease in San Jose, CA during fiscal 2022 
 - decrease of 25.6 million in stock-based compensation primarily due to the departures of certain executives in fiscal 2023 
 - decrease of 15.2 million in third-party consulting services 
 + increase of 16.0 million in cash salaries and benefits as we increased headcount 
 + increase due to a 10.0 million impairment charge related to one of our office space leases 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Interest and Other Income (Expense), net Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 Interest and other income (expense), net Interest income 25,401 2,583 Interest expense (46,026) (174,598) Other income (expense), net (9,320) (1,939) Total interest and other income (expense), net (29,945) (173,954) 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Interest and other income (expense), net reflects a net decrease in expense of 144.0 million, primarily due to a decrease in non-cash interest expense of 135.7 million as a result of our adoption of ASU 2020-06 on February 1, 2022; a net increase in interest income due to higher active investments in interest-bearing securities; and a net increase in other expense due to higher foreign currency transaction losses driven by strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Under ASU 2020-06, we are no longer required to record conversion option-related debt discounts on the Notes, which were previously amortized as non-cash interest expense over the maturity of each of the Notes. 
 
 Income Tax Provision Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 Income tax provision 12,411 18,314 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Our income tax provision decrease primarily results from several one-time tax benefits. For example, we recorded a partial release of our valuation allowance as a result of our fiscal year 2023 acquisition. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality, Cyclicality and Quarterly Trends 
 
 Our quarterly results reflect seasonality in the sale of our offerings. Historically, a pattern of increased license sales in the second half of our fiscal year as a result of industry buying patterns has positively impacted sales activity in those periods, which can result in lower sequential revenue in the first fiscal quarter. We expect this seasonality to continue as long as revenue from sales of our license offerings continues to represent a significant proportion of total revenues. As we continue to expect seasonally higher bookings and billings in the second half of the our fiscal year, with a large proportion of our revenue recognized ratably there will also be a seasonal impact on our remaining performance obligations and deferred revenue. Our gross margins and operating losses have been affected by these historical trends because the majority of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short term. Although these seasonal factors are common in the technology industry, historical patterns should not be considered a reliable indicator of our future sales activity or performance. The timing of revenues in relation to our expense activity, which generally does not correlate directly with revenues, has an impact on cost of revenues, research and development expense, sales and marketing expense and general and administrative expense as a percentage of total revenues in each fiscal quarter during the year. The majority of our expenses are personnel-related and include salaries, stock-based compensation, benefits and incentive-based compensation plan expenses. As a result, we have not experienced significant seasonal fluctuations in the timing of expenses from period to period. In addition, because of our billing cycle and annual billing practices, our cash collections are highest in the fourth and first fiscal quarters with a seasonal decline in the second quarter. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 690,587 1,428,691 Investments, current 1,316,347 286,337 Investments, non-current 41,700 46,431 
 
 (In millions) 

Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, investments and net accounts receivable. From time to time, we have also issued convertible debt to supplement our working capital. As of January 31, 2023, we had 2.0 billion of cash, cash equivalents and investments of which 314.8 million was held by foreign subsidiaries. We believe that these funds will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. 
 
 Our long-term future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced software and services offerings, the investments in our office facilities and our systems infrastructure, the continuing market acceptance of our offerings and our planned investments, particularly in our product development efforts or acquisitions of complementary businesses, applications or technologies. 
 
 In June 2021, our board of directors authorized and approved a stock repurchase program of up to 1.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. During fiscal 2022 we repurchased 6.9 million shares of common stock with a total price of 1.0 billion, under trading plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, at an average price of 145.23 per share. The 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 repurchased shares are reflected as treasury stock on our consolidated balance sheets and statements of stockholders equity (deficit). The repurchase program was completed as of October 31, 2021. The principal source of funding for the repurchase program was the proceeds from the issuance of 1 billion aggregate principal amount of 0.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 2026 Notes ). Both the repurchase program transactions and the proceeds from the 2026 Notes were fiscal 2022 financing activities as reflected on our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Accordingly, the repurchase program did not have a material impact on our operating cash flows, liquidity, or capital resources for the year ended January 31, 2022, on a net basis and we do not expect it to have a material impact in the future. 
 
 In July 2021, we issued 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes with Silver Lake Alpine, L.P., Silver Lake Alpine (Offshore Master), L.P. and Silver Lake Partners VI, L.P. as the purchasers. The 2026 Notes are general senior, unsecured obligations of Splunk. The total proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes was 981.7 million, net of issuance costs. In June 2020, we issued 1.27 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes, including the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of the 2027 Notes of their option to purchase an additional 165.0 million principal amount of 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes are general senior, unsecured obligations of Splunk. The total proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes was 1.25 billion, net of initial purchaser discounts and other issuance costs. In connection with the issuance of the 2027 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain counterparties (the 2027 Capped Calls ). We used approximately 137.4 million of the net proceeds from the offering of the 2027 Notes to pay the cost of the 2027 Capped Calls and 691.6 million to repurchase, for cash, approximately 488.3 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 2023 Notes. In September 2018, we issued 1.27 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes and 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes. In connection with the issuance of the 2023 Notes and the 2025 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain counterparties (the 2023 and 2025 Capped Calls ). The premiums paid for the purchase of the 2023 and 2025 Capped Calls were 274.3 million. Refer to Note 7 Convertible Senior Notes of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. It is our current intent to settle the principal amount of the 2023 Notes with cash upon maturity in September 2023. 
 
 In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities consists of our net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities during the year. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 449.6 million during the year ended January 31, 2023 compared to 128.0 million in the prior year. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to higher cash collections from customers, driven by revenue growth, relative to payments to vendors and employees. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 1.1 billion during the year ended January 31, 2023 primarily consisted of marketable securities purchases of 1.0 billion, net of maturities, cash consideration paid relating to the fiscal 2023 acquisition, net of cash acquired, of 22.0 million, purchases of property and equipment of 13.6 million, cash used for the development of internal-use software of 8.8 million, and purchases of strategic investments of 6.7 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 333.8 million during the year ended January 31, 2022 primarily consisted of marketable securities purchases of 210.6 million, net of maturities, cash consideration paid relating to the TruSTAR acquisition, net of cash acquired, of 80.3 million, purchases of strategic investments of 23.8 million, purchases of property and equipment of 10.7 million, and cash used for the development of internal-use software of 9.4 million. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 117.6 million during the year ended January 31, 2023 primarily consisted of taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards of 197.3 million, offset by proceeds of 78.3 million from our employee stock purchase plan. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 136.7 million during the year ended January 31, 2022 primarily consisted of 1.0 billion of repurchases of common stock and taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards of 201.0 million, offset by net proceeds of 982.2 million from the issuance of the 2026 Notes, and proceeds of 79.9 million from our employee stock purchase plan. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space and hosting services arrangements with cloud service providers. Refer to Note 4 Leases of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details related to our accounting for leases and related costs. In addition, we hold convertible debt securities. For more information on our convertible senior notes, refer to Note 7 Convertible Senior Notes of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of January 31, 2023, our other contractual commitments associated with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms were payments of 0.3 billion due in the next 12 months and 1.1 billion due thereafter. We expect to fund these obligations with cash flows from operations and cash on our balance sheet. 
 
 Indemnification Arrangements 
 
 During the ordinary course of business, we may indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse for losses suffered or incurred, our customers, vendors and each of their affiliates for certain intellectual property infringement and other claims by third parties with respect to our offerings, in connection with our commercial license arrangements or related to general business dealings with those parties. 
 
 As permitted under Delaware law, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers, directors and certain employees, indemnifying them for certain events or occurrences in connection with their service as our officers or directors or those of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 
 Claims and reimbursements under indemnification arrangements have not been material to our consolidated financial statements; therefore, there is no accrual of such amounts at January 31, 2023. We are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these indemnifications on our future results of operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 690.6 million as of January 31, 2023. We hold our cash and cash equivalents for working capital purposes. Our cash and cash equivalents are held in cash deposits and money market funds. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. This objective is accomplished by making diversified investments, consisting only of investment grade securities. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, the effect of a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in overall interest rates would not have had a material impact on our operating results or the value of our available-for-sale debt securities. 
 
 In September 2018, we issued 2.13 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes in a private placement, which includes 1.27 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes and 862.5 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes. In June 2020, we issued 1.27 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes, including the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of the 2027 Notes of their option to purchase an additional 165.0 million principal amount of 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes are general senior, unsecured obligations of Splunk. In July 2021, we issued 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes. As these instruments have a fixed annual interest rate, we have no financial or economic interest exposure associated with changes in interest rates. However, the fair value of fixed rate debt 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 instruments fluctuates when interest rates change. Additionally, the fair value of either series of notes can be affected when the market price of our common stock fluctuates. We carry the notes at face value less unamortized discount on our balance sheet, and we present the fair value for required disclosure purposes only. Refer to Note 7 Convertible Senior Notes of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. All of our revenues are generated in U.S. dollars. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, which is primarily in the United States and to a lesser extent in Europe and Asia. Our results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. We may seek to minimize the impact of certain foreign currency fluctuations by hedging certain balance sheet exposures with foreign currency forward contracts. Any gain or loss from settling these contracts is offset by the loss or gain derived from the underlying balance sheet exposures. We do not enter into any hedging contracts for trading or speculative purposes. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the last three fiscal years. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 1 Description of the Business and Significant Accounting Policies of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Splunk Inc. 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 67 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equit y (Deficit) 
 72 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 

66 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Splunk Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Splunk Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of stockholders equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for convertible instruments and contracts in an entity s own equity as of February 1, 2022. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
 dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue recognition Identifying, Evaluating and Accounting for Terms and Conditions in Contracts with Customers 
 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates revenues in the form of cloud services fees, license and related maintenance fees, and other service fees. The Company s contracts with customers often contain multiple performance obligations. Management accounts for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. Management applies significant judgment in identifying and accounting for each performance obligation, as a result of evaluating the terms and conditions in contracts. As disclosed by management, the Company s revenue was 3.7 billion for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically the identification, evaluation and accounting for terms and conditions in contracts with customers, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in identifying, evaluating and accounting for terms and conditions in contracts with customers. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to whether terms and conditions in contracts were appropriately identified, evaluated and accounted for by management. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the identification and evaluation of the contractual terms and conditions that impact the identification of performance obligations and determination of revenue recognition. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of management s identification and evaluation of the terms and conditions in contracts with customers by examining revenue arrangements on a test basis, and (ii) testing management s process for identifying and evaluating the terms and conditions in contracts with customers, including management s identification of the performance obligations and determination of the impact of those terms and conditions on revenue recognition. 

/s/ 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Splunk Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Investments, current Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deferred commissions, current Total current assets Investments, non-current Accounts receivable, non-current Operating lease right-of-use assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred commissions, non-current Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred revenue, current Debt, current Total current liabilities Debt, non-current Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue, non-current Other liabilities, non-current Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 3) Stockholders equity Preferred stock: par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 
 Common stock: par value; shares authorized; shares outstanding at January 31, 2023, and shares outstanding at January 31, 2022 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost: shares at January 31, 2023 and shares at January 31, 2022 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Splunk Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2023 2022 2021 Revenues Cloud services License Maintenance and services Total revenues Cost of revenues (1) 
 Cloud services License Maintenance and services Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses (1) 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Interest and other income (expense), net Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Total interest and other income (expense), net ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax provision Net loss ) ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per share Weighted-average shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share 
 _________________________ 
 (1) 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Splunk Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net unrealized loss on investments (net of tax) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

70 

Table of Contents 
 Splunk Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred commissions Amortization of investment premiums (accretion of discounts), net ) ) Loss on strategic investment Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes ) Repurchase of convertible senior notes attributable to the accreted interest related to debt discount ) Losses on facility exits Non-cash operating lease costs Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Deferred commissions ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Maturities of marketable securities Purchases of strategic investments ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other investment activities ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from the issuance of convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs Purchase of capped calls ) Partial repurchase of convertible senior notes ) Repurchases of common stock ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities Increase in accrued purchases of property and equipment Equity consideration for acquisitions 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Splunk Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 Common Stock (In thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock at Cost Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 Balances at January 31, 2020 ) ) Stock-based compensation Capitalized software development costs Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Vesting of restricted and performance stock units Issuance of restricted stock awards Issuance of common stock from acquisitions Fair value of replacement equity awards attributable to pre-acquisition service Vesting of early exercised options Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase Equity component of convertible senior notes, net Purchase of capped calls ) ) Partial repurchase of convertible senior notes ) ) Unrealized loss from investments (net of tax) ) ) Net change in cumulative translation adjustments Net loss ) ) Balances at January 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation Capitalized software development costs Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Vesting of restricted and performance stock units Issuance of restricted stock awards Fair value of replacement equity awards attributable to pre-acquisition service Vesting of early exercised options Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase Equity component of convertible senior notes, net Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Unrealized loss from investments (net of tax) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at January 31, 2022 ) ) ) Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASUs ) ) Stock-based compensation Capitalized software development costs Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Vesting of restricted and performance stock units ) Issuance of restricted stock awards Vesting of early exercised options Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Issuance of common stock upon ESPP purchase Unrealized loss from investments (net of tax) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at January 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) 

operating segment: the development and marketing of cloud services and licensed software solutions that enable our customers to gain real-time business insights by harnessing the value of their data. Our chief operating decision maker is our Chief Executive Officer, who reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, assessing financial performance and allocating resources. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

74 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of payment, we have determined our contracts do not generally include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to receive financing from our customers or to provide customers with financing. 
 
 Deferred revenue is recorded when we invoice a contract or deliver a license prior to recognizing revenue. It is comprised of balances related to cloud services, maintenance, training and professional services invoiced at the beginning of each service period, as well as licenses that were delivered prior to the license term commencing. 
 
 , which is longer than our customers initial contract periods, but reflects the average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit we considered the nature of our customer contracts, the duration of our relationships with customers, and the estimated life cycles of our technology. Costs related to renewals are amortized over the contract period. 
 
 In capitalizing and amortizing deferred commissions, we have elected to apply a portfolio approach. We include capitalized costs in Deferred commissions, current and non-current on our consolidated balance sheets and related amortization of deferred commissions in Sales and marketing expense on our consolidated statements of operations. There were no impairments to deferred commissions for all periods presented. Commission expense was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

75 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

financial institutions that management believes are high-credit, quality financial institutions and invest our cash equivalents in highly rated money market funds. 
 
 Our accounts receivable is subject to collection risk. Our gross accounts receivable is reduced for this risk by an allowance for doubtful accounts. This allowance is for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. It is an estimate and is regularly evaluated for adequacy by taking into consideration a combination of factors. We look at factors such as past collection experience, credit quality of the customer, age of the receivable balance, and current economic conditions. These factors are reviewed to determine whether an allowance for bad debts should be recorded to reduce the receivable balance to the amount believed to be collectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts balances at January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related bad debt expense and write-off activity for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the remaining lease term. When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included on our consolidated statements of operations. Maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the lives of the respective assets are charged to expense in the period incurred. 
 
 years Furniture and fixtures years Leasehold improvements Shorter of the useful life of the asset or the lease term 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million of development costs in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. We did not capitalize any implementation costs in fiscal 2023 and 2022. Capitalized development costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which are generally years, and capitalized implementation costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related arrangement, including anticipated renewals. We recognized million, million and million in amortization expense related to capitalized implementation and development costs during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million, million and million in advertising expenses for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Advertising costs are included in Sales and marketing expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as we do not have any history of, nor plans to make, dividend payments. 
 
 Compensation expense for PSUs with performance or market conditions is measured using the fair value at the date of grant and recorded over the vesting period under the graded-vesting attribution method, and may be adjusted over the vesting period based on interim estimates of performance against pre-set objectives. We use a Monte Carlo option-pricing model to determine the fair value of PSUs with market conditions. 

78 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

79 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(2) 
 
 U.S. government and agency securities Corporate bonds Commercial paper Reported as: Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investments, current Investments, non-current Total 
 
 Our investments in money market funds are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. These money market funds are actively traded and reported daily through a variety of sources. The fair value of the money market fund investments is classified as Level 1. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Investments, current: U.S. government and agency securities ) Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper ) Total available-for-sale investments ) 
 
 The following table presents our investments in available-for-sale debt securities as of January 31, 2022: 
 
 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and cash equivalents: Commercial paper Investments, current: Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper ) Investments, non-current: U.S. government and agency securities ) Commercial paper ) Total available-for-sale investments ) 
 
 ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Commercial paper ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Commercial paper ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Total 
 
 Investments with maturities of less than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classified as current assets, which are available for use to fund current operations. Investments with maturities greater than 12 months from the balance sheet date are classified as non-current assets. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 Refer to Note 7 Convertible Senior Notes for details regarding the fair value of our convertible senior notes. 
 
 Equity Investments 
 
 Our equity investments are included in Investments, non-current on our consolidated balance sheets. Equity investments under the equity method of accounting Total 

(3) 

82 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to be paid into a settlement escrow account, of which million has been paid by us in satisfaction of the retention limit of its primary Director Officer D O insurance policy and million will be paid by our insurers, in return for a release of claims and dismissal of the case. On February 7, 2023, lead plaintiff filed an unopposed motion for preliminary approval of the settlement, which attaches the stipulation of settlement. The motion for preliminary approval of the settlement is scheduled for hearing by the Court on April 6, 2023. The Company recognized a liability, which is included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, in the amount of million which represents the company s remaining obligation to settle claims under the stipulation of settlement as of January 31, 2023. A corresponding receivable was recognized, which is included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets, which represents the insurance proceeds we are entitled to under our D O insurance policy that will be paid by our insurers to settle claims on our behalf. 
 
 Ten derivative lawsuits related to the securities class action were filed in February, March, and April 2021 October 2022, December 2022, January 2023, February 2023, and March 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, the California Superior Court, San Francisco County, and the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (three of which have been consolidated). The lawsuits name our former Chief Executive Officer, our former Chief Financial Officer, several other current and former officers, and many of our current and former board members as defendants, and the company as a nominal defendant. The lawsuits allege claims for breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, abuse of control, and gross mismanagement against the defendants, and claims for contribution under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act against only our former Chief Executive Officer and former Chief Financial Officer. The plaintiffs seek unspecified monetary damages and other relief on behalf of the company. The courts have stayed the derivative actions filed in 2021 and 2022 pursuant to stipulation of the parties until after a ruling on the motion for class certification in the federal securities case. On August 9, 2021, we received a demand letter alleging claims similar to those in the derivative lawsuits and requesting that our board of directors launch an investigation on such matters. On May 23, 2022, the board of directors formed a committee to evaluate the stockholder s demand and make recommendations to the full board of directors. On September 13, 2022, we received a second demand letter alleging claims similar to those in the derivative lawsuits and requesting that our board of directors launch an investigation. This second demand is also being evaluated by the board committee. In April, July and August, 2022, the board of directors received three demands made on behalf of stockholders to inspect the books and records of the company pursuant to Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The demands seek records related to the board and to the allegations at issue in the underlying putative class action. 
 
 We are also subject to certain routine legal and regulatory proceedings, as well as demands and claims that arise in the normal course of our business. We make a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impact of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. In our opinion, resolution of any pending claims (either individually or in the aggregate) is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position, nor is it possible to provide an estimated amount of any such loss. However, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could materially affect our future financial position, results of operations or cash flows, or all, in a particular period. 
 
 Indemnification Arrangements 
 
 During the ordinary course of business, we may indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse for losses suffered or incurred, our customers, vendors, and each of their affiliates for certain intellectual property infringement and other claims by third parties with respect to our offerings, in connection with our commercial license arrangements or related to general business dealings with those parties. 
 
 As permitted under Delaware law, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers, directors and certain employees, indemnifying them for certain events or occurrences in connection with their service as our officers or directors or those of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. 

83 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(4) 
 
 million loss was recognized during fiscal 2022, which includes certain termination-related fees. The loss is included in General and administrative expenses on our consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, operating lease costs were million, million, and million, respectively, excluding short-term leases, variable lease costs, and sublease income, all of which were immaterial in each of these periods. 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total current and non-current operating lease liabilities (1) 
 
 _________________________ 

Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(5) 
 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold and building improvements (1) 
 Capitalized software development costs (2) 
 Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Includes costs related to assets not yet placed into service of million and million, as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 million and million, as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to Property and equipment, net was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Geographic Information 
 
 United Kingdom International Total long-lived assets 

(6) 
 
 of the voting equity interest of a privately-held Delaware corporation that develops cyber resilience technology. The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and was not material to our consolidated financial statements. The total consideration transferred for this acquisition, all of which was in cash, was million. The total consideration was allocated primarily to identifiable intangible assets in the amount of million with the excess million of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired recorded as goodwill, allocated to our single reporting unit. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the value expected from the synergies of the combination, including developing a more automated and robust cybersecurity experience for our customers, and is not deductible for income tax purposes. The identifiable intangible assets, which consist of developed technology, have an estimated useful life of years. The results of operations of the acquisition, which are not material, have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of purchase. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the voting equity interest of TruSTAR Technology, Inc. TruSTAR ), a privately-held Delaware corporation that provides an intelligence platform for cybersecurity and threat data. This acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The total consideration transferred for this acquisition was million, of which million was in cash. The total consideration was allocated as follows: million to identified intangible assets, million to other net liabilities acquired, with the excess million of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired recorded as goodwill, allocated to our single operating segment. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the value expected from the synergies of the combination, including combined selling opportunities with our products. This goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The results of operations of TruSTAR, which are not material, have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of purchase. 
 
 Customer relationships Total intangible assets acquired 
 
 Fiscal 2021 Acquisitions 
 
 Rigor 
 
 On November 5, 2020, we acquired of the voting equity interest of Rigor, Inc. Rigor ), a privately-held Delaware corporation that offers advanced synthetic monitoring and optimization tools. This acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The total consideration transferred for this acquisition, all of which was in cash, was million. The total consideration was allocated as follows: million to identified intangible assets, million to net assets acquired and million to net deferred tax liabilities, with the excess million of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired recorded as goodwill, allocated to our single operating segment. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the value expected from the synergies of the combination, including combined selling opportunities with our products. This goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The results of operations of Rigor, which are not material, have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of purchase. 
 
 Customer relationships Other acquired intangible assets Total intangible assets acquired 
 
 Other Acquisitions 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we acquired of the voting equity interest of O Plumbr Plumbr and Flowmill, Inc. Flowmill that specialize in application and network performance monitoring capabilities. The acquisitions have been accounted for as business combinations and were not material individually to our consolidated financial statements. The total consideration of million consisted of million paid in cash, million for the fair value of shares of our common stock issued and million in fair value of replacement equity awards attributable to pre-acquisition service. The total consideration was allocated as follows: million to identifiable intangible assets, million to net assets acquired and 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to net deferred tax liabilities, with the excess million of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired recorded as goodwill, allocated to our one operating segment. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the value expected from the synergies of the combination, including combined selling opportunities with our products. This goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The identifiable intangible assets, which primarily consisted of developed technology, have an estimated useful life of years. The results of operations of the acquisitions which are not material, have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of purchase. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill acquired Ending balance 
 
 There was no impairment of goodwill during fiscal 2023 or during prior periods. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 ) Customer relationships ) Total intangible assets subject to amortization ) 
 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization as of January 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 (In thousands, except useful life) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Weighted-Average Remaining Useful Life (in months) Developed technology ) Customer relationships ) Other acquired intangible assets ) Total intangible assets subject to amortization ) 
 
 Amortization expense from acquired intangible assets was million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Total amortization expense 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(7) 
 
 billion aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). The 2026 Notes are general senior, unsecured obligations of Splunk. The total proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes was million, net of issuance costs. 
 
 The 2026 Notes will mature on July 15, 2026, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. The 2026 Notes will bear interest from July 9, 2021, at a rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2022. 
 
 The initial conversion rate for the 2026 Notes is shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. The initial conversion price of the 2026 Notes represents a premium of approximately to the volume weighted average price of our common stock over a period of approximately per share ending on June 21, 2021, which was the date the pricing of the 2026 Notes was determined. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2027 
 
 On June 5, 2020, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes ), including the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of the 2027 Notes of their option to purchase an additional million principal amount of 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes are general senior, unsecured obligations of Splunk. The total proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes was billion, net of initial purchaser discounts and other issuance costs. 
 
 The 2027 Notes will mature on June 15, 2027, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. The 2027 Notes bear interest from June 5, 2020 at a rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2020. 
 
 The initial conversion rate for the 2027 Notes is shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. The initial conversion price of the 2027 Notes represents a premium of approximately to the volume weighted average price of our common stock of approximately per share on June 2, 2020, which was the date the pricing of the 2027 Notes was determined. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2023 and 2025 
 
 In September 2018, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes ), including the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of the 2023 Notes of their option to purchase an additional million principal amount of 2023 Notes, and million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), including the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of the 2025 Notes of their option to purchase an additional million principal amount of 2025 Notes. The 2023 Notes and the 2025 Notes are general senior, unsecured obligations of Splunk. The total proceeds from the issuance of the 2023 Notes and the 2025 Notes was billion, net of initial purchaser discounts and other issuance costs. 
 
 The 2023 Notes will mature on September 15, 2023, and the 2025 Notes will mature on September 15, 2025, in each case unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted. The 2023 Notes bear interest from September 21, 2018 at a rate of per year and the 2025 Notes bear interest from September 21, 2018 at a rate of per year, in each case payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on March 15, 2019. 
 
 The initial conversion rate for each of the 2023 Notes and 2025 Notes is shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of each of the 2023 Notes and 2025 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. The initial conversion price of each of the 2023 Notes and 2025 Notes represents a premium of approximately to the per share closing price of our common stock on September 18, 2018, which was the date the pricing of the 2023 Notes and the 2025 Notes was determined. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the conversion price for the 2026 Notes then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. Whether to exercise our redemption option is solely within our control. 
 
 The 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes and 2027 Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding June 15, 2023, June 15, 2025 and December 15, 2026 for the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes and 2027 Notes, respectively, only under the following circumstances: 
 
 during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on January 31, 2019 (and only during such fiscal quarter) for the 2023 Notes and the 2025 Notes and October 31, 2020 (and only during such fiscal quarter) for the 2027 Notes, if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price for the relevant series of Notes on each applicable trading day; 
 
 during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture governing the relevant series of Notes) per 1,000 principal amount of the relevant series of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate for the relevant series of Notes on each such trading day; 
 
 if we call the relevant series of Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events as set forth in the relevant indenture. 
 
 On or after June 15, 2023, June 15, 2025 and December 15, 2026 for the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes and 2027 Notes, respectively, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the relevant maturity date, holders of the relevant series of Notes may convert all or any portion of their Notes of such series, in multiples of 1,000 principal amount, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 
 
 Upon conversion, we may satisfy our conversion obligation by paying and/or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, in the manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the relevant indenture; provided, in the case of the 2026 Notes, the holder is to determine the settlement method related to any Notes converted in connection with the exercise of our redemption option as mentioned above. Subject to the provisions described in the immediately preceding sentence, upon any conversion of the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, and 2027 Notes (together the Notes ), it is our current intent to settle the first 1,000 of conversion value of each 1,000 principal amount of such Notes in cash and the remaining conversion value, if any, in shares of common stock. If we undergo a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the relevant series of Notes), holders may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes of the relevant series at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the relevant series of Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the relevant maturity date of a series of Notes or if we deliver a notice of redemption in respect of a series of Notes, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate of the relevant series of Notes for a holder of such series who elects to convert its Notes of the applicable series in connection with such corporate event or notice of redemption, as the case may be. During fiscal 2023, the conditions allowing holders of the Notes (other than the 2026 Notes) to convert or redeem were not met. As we may be required to settle the 2023 Notes in cash within the next twelve months, they are classified as Debt, current on our consolidated balance sheets as of January 31, 2023. The 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, and 2027 Notes are not required to be settled in cash within the next twelve months and as such are classified as "Debt, non-current on our consolidated balance sheets as of January 31, 2023. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the conversion price for the relevant series of Notes then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the relevant series of Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the relevant redemption date. Whether to exercise our redemption options under each respective indenture is solely within our control. 
 
 Partial Repurchase of the 2023 Notes 
 
 On June 5, 2020, we used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes to repurchase million aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes (the 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase ), leaving million aggregate principal outstanding on the 2023 Notes immediately after the 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase. The 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase was not made pursuant to a redemption notice and constituted individually privately negotiated transactions. The holders of the repurchased 2023 Notes also invested in the 2027 Notes. For each holder, the 2023 Notes and the 2027 Notes exchanged were deemed to be substantially different as the present value of the cash flows under the terms of the 2027 Notes was at least 10 different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of the 2023 Notes and accordingly, the 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase was accounted for as a debt extinguishment. We used million of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes to complete the 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase, of which million and million were allocated to the liability and equity components of the 2023 Notes, respectively, and million was related to the payment of the interest accrued. 
 
 Accounting for the Notes 
 
 As described in Note 1 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, we adopted new debt guidance effective February 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective transition method, under which financial results reported in prior periods were not adjusted. Upon adoption, the Notes are accounted for entirely as a liability and measured at their amortized cost. Transaction costs related to the issuance of the Notes are netted with the liability and are amortized using the effective interest rate method to interest expense over the term of the Notes. 
 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, we separated each of the Notes into their respective liability and equity components. The carrying amounts of the liability components of the respective Notes were calculated by measuring the fair value of similar debt instruments that do not have an associated convertible feature. The carrying amounts of the equity components, representing the conversion option, were determined by deducting the fair value of the liability components from the par value of the respective Notes. This difference represented the debt discount that was amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the relevant series of Notes using the effective interest rate method. At the time of issuance, the carrying amounts of the equity components representing the conversion options were million, million, million and million for the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes, respectively, which were recorded in additional paid-in capital and were not remeasured as long as they continued to meet the conditions for equity classification. 
 
 In accounting for the issuance costs related to the Notes, we allocated the total amount incurred for the relevant series of Notes to the liability and equity components based on the proportion of the proceeds allocated to the debt and equity components for that series. Issuance costs attributable to the liability component of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes were million, million, million and million, respectively. The issuance costs allocated to the liability component were amortized to interest expense over the contractual terms of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes at an effective interest rate of , , and , respectively. Issuance costs attributable to the equity component of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, the 2026 Notes, and the 2027 Notes were million, million, million and million, respectively, and were netted against the equity components representing the conversion option in additional paid-in capital. 
 
 The cash consideration of the 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase allocated to the liability component of the 2023 Notes was based on the fair value of the liability component of the 2023 Notes as of June 5, 2020 utilizing an effective discount rate of . This rate was based on our estimated rate for a similar liability with the same maturity, but without the conversion option. To derive this effective discount rate, we observed the trading details of the 2023 Notes immediately prior to the repurchase date to determine the volatility of the 2023 Notes. We utilized the observed volatility to calculate the effective discount rate, which was adjusted to reflect the term of the remaining 2023 Notes. The cash consideration allocated to the 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Unamortized debt discount ) ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 
 The 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase resulted in a gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, which is included in Other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of operations, and was calculated as follows: 
 
 (In thousands) 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase Net carrying amount of the liability component associated with the 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase Less: Cash consideration allocated to the liability component ) Gain from the 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase 
 
 Unamortized issuance costs ) ) ) ) Net carrying amount 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Reflects the impact of the 2023 Notes Partial Repurchase on June 5, 2020, as discussed above. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Amortization of debt discount (conversion option) (1) 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense related to the 2023 Notes 2025 Notes: Coupon interest expense Amortization of debt discount (conversion option) (1) 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense related to the 2025 Notes 2026 Notes: Coupon interest expense Amortization of debt discount (conversion option) (1) 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense related to the 2026 Notes 2027 Notes: Coupon interest expense Amortization of debt discount (conversion option) (1) 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense related to the 2027 Notes 
 _________________________ 
 (1) As noted above, prior period amounts have not been adjusted due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 under the modified retrospective method. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, the total estimated fair values of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, and the 2027 Notes were approximately billion, billion and billion, respectively. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per 100 of the applicable series of Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. We consider the fair value of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, and the 2027 Notes to be a Level 2 measurement. As of January 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the 2026 Notes was billion, which represents the present value of future principal and interest payments. We consider the fair value of the 2026 Notes to be a Level 3 measurement. 
 
 Capped Calls 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2023 Notes, the 2025 Notes, and the 2027 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions relating to each series of Notes with certain counterparties (the Capped Calls ). The Capped Calls are expected to reduce potential dilution to our common stock upon conversion of a given series of Notes and/or offset any cash payments that we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes of such series, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. The Capped Calls are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified extraordinary events affecting us, including merger events, tender offers and announcement events. In addition, the Capped Calls are subject to certain specified additional disruption events that may give rise to a termination of the Capped Calls, including nationalization, insolvency or delisting, changes in law, failures to deliver, insolvency filings and hedging disruptions. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cap price, subject to certain adjustments Total premium paid (in thousands) 
 
 For accounting purposes, the Capped Calls are separate transactions, and not part of the terms of any series of Notes. As the Capped Calls qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting for instruments that are both indexed to the issuer s own stock and classified in stockholders equity in its statement of financial position, the premium paid for the purchase of the Capped Calls has been recorded as a reduction to Additional paid-in capital and will not be remeasured. 

(8) 
 
 million shares, of the outstanding shares of common stock as of the last day of our immediately preceding fiscal year or such other amount as our board may determine. 
 
 In January 2022, our board of directors approved the 2022 Inducement Plan (the Inducement Plan in accordance with Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) of the corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, which became effective on April 1, 2022. The Inducement Plan was only used for grants to new employees and not for existing employees, executives, directors or consultants. On April 11, 2022, we granted stand-alone inducement equity awards to our Chief Executive Officer in accordance with Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) of the corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In 2022, our board of directors and stockholders approved the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ), to replace the 2012 Plan. Upon stockholder approval and effectiveness of the 2022 Plan, we ceased grants under the Inducement Plan. The 2022 Plan provides for the grant of options, RSAs, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, PSUs, and performance shares to eligible employees and other service providers. Options and RSUs granted under the 2012, Inducement, and 2022 Plans generally vest over 3 or years. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, upon each settlement date of our outstanding RSUs and PSUs to then current employees, shares were withheld to cover the required withholding tax, which was based on the value of a share on the settlement date as determined by the closing price of our common stock on the trading day of the applicable settlement date. The remaining shares were delivered to the recipient as shares of our common stock. The amount remitted to the tax authorities for the employees tax obligation was reflected as a financing activity on our consolidated statements of cash flows. These shares withheld by us as a result of the net settlement of RSUs and PSUs issued under the 2012 Plan were not considered issued and outstanding. These shares were, prior to the expiration of the 2012 Plan, returned to the 2012 Plan reserve and were available for future issuance thereunder. Shares withheld by us as a result of the net settlement of RSUs and PSUs issued under the 2022 Plan, the Inducement Plan and, following its expiration, the 2012 Plan will not become available for future grant or sale, including under the 2022 Plan. We may also require employees to sell a portion of the shares that they received upon the vesting of RSUs or PSUs in order to cover any required withholding taxes. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PSUs granted PSUs vested ) PSUs forfeited and canceled ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 

The aggregate fair value of PSUs vested was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of PSUs granted was and per share for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The number of PSUs granted during fiscal 2023 is comprised of the following activity: 
 PSUs granted at target to certain executives under our 2012 Plan prior to its expiration 
 PSUs granted to our Chief Executive Officer pursuant to stand-alone inducement award agreements in accordance with Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) of the corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market 
 PSUs granted to certain executives under our 2022 Plan 
 PSUs earned above target based on the achievement of performance conditions related to PSUs 
 granted to executives in fiscal 2022 
 
 The PSUs granted in fiscal 2023 and not yet earned are subject to a single market performance condition which allows employees to earn 0 to 200 of their target award over one- two- and three-year performance periods, with a cap of one-third the target award eligible to be earned for each of the one- and two-year performance periods. From fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2022, our PSUs granted contained an additional market performance measure that could increase the number of shares earned by up to an additional 50 of the shares received based on the financial performance measure. Compensation expense for PSUs with financial performance or market vesting conditions is measured using the fair value at the date of grant and recorded over the vesting period of three or under the graded-vesting attribution method. Expense related to PSUs with financial performance vesting conditions was adjusted over the one-year performance period based on interim estimates of performance against the pre-set objectives. 
 
 On October 27, 2020, the Talent Compensation Committee of our board of directors approved a modification to the performance thresholds of our fiscal 2021 PSU awards. We accounted for this change as a Type III modification under ASC 718 as the expectation of the achievement of certain performance conditions related to these awards changed from improbable to probable post-modification. As a result, we reversed million of stock-based compensation expense previously recognized for these awards, during fiscal 2021. Post-modification stock-based compensation expense related to these awards will be recognized based on the modification date fair value over their remaining service period, under the graded-vesting attribution method. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs forfeited and canceled ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 

The aggregate fair value of RSUs vested was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted was and per share for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 RSAs 
 
 RSAs issued in connection with acquisition RSAs vested ) RSAs forfeited and canceled ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 

The aggregate fair value of RSAs vested was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSAs issued was and per share for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. In November 2022, we granted RSAs outside of the 2022 Plan to employees of an acquired company. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Options exercised ) Options forfeited and expired ) Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 
 Vested and expected to vest Exercisable as of January 31, 2023 
 
 _________________________ 
 (1) The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock option award and the closing market price of our common stock as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted was and per share for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. No options were granted during fiscal 2023. 
 
 PSUs RSAs Stock options Total unrecognized compensation cost 
 
 Additional shares authorized Options forfeited and expired RSUs and PSUs granted ) RSUs and PSUs forfeited and canceled Shares withheld related to net share settlement of RSUs and PSUs Canceled upon effectiveness of the 2022 Plan ) Balance as of January 31, 2023 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 Our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation, at not less than of the fair market value, as defined in the ESPP, subject to any plan limitations. Prior to December 2022, the ESPP provided for 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-month offering periods, starting on the first trading day on or after June 15 and December 15 of each year. The ESPP provides for an automatic increase of the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP equal to the least of million shares, of the outstanding shares of our common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or such other amount as may be determined by our board of directors. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 We capitalized million and million of stock-based compensation for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to our software development and implementation projects. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized tax benefits on total stock-based compensation expense of million, million and million, respectively, which are reflected in "Income tax provision" on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Valuation Assumptions 
 
 PSUs granted in fiscal 2023 are subject to a single market performance condition. PSUs granted in fiscal 2022 and 2021 contain an additional market performance measure that can increase the number of shares earned. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 - 
 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Equal weighting of Splunk historical and implied volatility. 
 
 We did not grant any options to employees during fiscal 2023. 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free rate - 
 - 
 Dividend yield Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 - 

Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 In June 2021, our board of directors authorized and approved a stock repurchase program of up to billion of our outstanding common stock. During fiscal 2022, we repurchased million shares of common stock with a total price of billion, under trading plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, at an average price of per share. The repurchased shares are reflected as treasury stock on our consolidated balance sheets and statements of stockholders equity (deficit). As of October 31, 2021, the repurchase program was completed. 

(9) 
 
 License Maintenance and services Total revenues 
 
 International Total revenues 
 
 Other than the United States, no other individual country exceeded 10 of total revenues during any of the periods presented. 
 
 Channel Partner B 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and of our consolidated current and non-current accounts receivable, net balances was due from Channel Partner A, respectively. 
 
 Deferred Revenue 
 
 Revenues recognized from amounts included in deferred revenue as of January 31, 2022 and 2021 were billion and billion during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and non-cancelable amounts that will be invoiced and excludes performance obligations that are subject to cancellation terms. Our remaining performance obligations were billion as of January 31, 2023, of which we expect to recognize approximately as revenue over the next months and the remainder thereafter. 

(10) ) ) International Total ) ) ) State Foreign Total current tax provision Deferred tax benefit: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred tax benefit ) ) ) Total tax provision 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ) ) State income taxes ) Stock-based compensation ) Research and development tax credits ) ) ) Non-U.S. tax rate differential Non-deductible expenses Change in valuation allowance Other ) ) ) Total tax provision 
 _________________________ 
 (1) 2021 amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 
 Capitalized research development costs Tax credit carryforwards Stock-based compensation Operating lease liabilities Accrued liabilities Convertible senior notes Deferred revenue Interest deduction carryforward Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred commissions ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Convertible senior notes ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes Recorded as: Non-current deferred tax assets (1) 
 Non-current deferred tax liabilities (1) 
 ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Non-current deferred tax assets and non-current deferred tax liabilities are included in Other assets and Other liabilities, non-current , respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset if we believe that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods. Due to our history of U.S. operating losses, we believe that realization of our U.S. deferred tax assets is not more likely than not and, accordingly, have provided a full 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion and billion for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. The valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets increased by million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 If we reverse all or part of our valuation allowance in the future, our consolidated financial statements in the period of reversal may reflect a material increase in balance sheet assets and a corresponding material tax benefit to our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had net operating loss carryforwards of billion for federal income tax purposes, a portion of which will begin to expire in 2026 if unused. We had net operating loss carryforwards of billion for state income tax purposes, which will begin to expire in the year 2024 if unused. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we also had research and development tax credit carryforwards of million for federal income tax purposes and million for California income tax purposes. The federal research and development tax credits will begin to expire in 2026 if unused. California research and development tax credits carry forward indefinitely. 
 
 We indefinitely reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries and do not intend to repatriate these earnings. Therefore, we do not provide for U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding tax on these earnings. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, our unrecognized tax benefits were million, of which million would, if recognized, impact our effective tax rate. The remainder will not, if recognized, affect the effective income tax rate due to the valuation allowance that currently offsets deferred tax assets. 
 
 Increase related to prior year tax positions Decrease related to prior year tax positions ) ) ) Increase related to current year tax positions Decrease related to lapsed statutes of limitations ) Balance at end of year 
 
 We identify, evaluate and measure all uncertain tax positions taken or to be taken on tax returns and record liabilities for positions that may not be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities. 
 
 We are subject to federal, state and local taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our federal tax returns for the years 2005 through the current period remain subject to examination. 
 
 The potential change in unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months is not expected to be material. 

(11) 

101 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Less: Weighted-average unvested common shares subject to repurchase or forfeiture ) ) ) Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 Since we were in a net loss position for all periods presented, basic net loss per share is the same as diluted net loss per share for all periods as the inclusion of all potentially dilutive securities outstanding would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Shares subject to outstanding RSUs, PSUs and RSAs Employee stock purchase plan Shares underlying the conversion spread in the convertible senior notes Total 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2023 Notes, 2025 Notes, and 2027 Notes, we entered into the Capped Calls, which were not included for purposes of calculating the number of diluted shares outstanding, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. As disclosed in Note 1 Description of the Business and Significant Accounting Policies, we adopted ASU 2020-06 on February 1, 2022. Under ASU 2020-06 diluted earnings per share for each reporting period is determined by assuming that all of the Notes were converted into shares of our common stock at the beginning of the period regardless of whether we intend to settle the principal of the Notes in cash. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2020-06, only the conversion spread was considered potentially dilutive in reporting periods when the average market price of our common stock exceeded the initial conversion price of the respective Note. 

(12) 
 million in charges and future cash expenditures in connection with the Plan, consisting primarily of cash expenditures related to severance payments, certain retention payments (for roles being moved to lower cost regions), employee benefits and employee transition costs, as well as non-cash charges for share-based compensation expense. We expect predominantly all of the actions associated with the Plan to be completed, and substantially all the associated charges and cash expenditures to be incurred, in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, subject to local law and consultation requirements. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2023. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended January 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 As part of our system of corporate governance, our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics. The code applies to all of our employees, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions), agents and representatives, including our independent directors and consultants, who are not employees of the company, with regard to their Splunk-related activities. Our code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at http://investors.splunk.com/corporate-governance . We will post on this section of our website any amendment to our code of business conduct and ethics, as well as any waivers of our code of business conduct and ethics, that are required to be disclosed by the rules of the SEC or the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Documents filed as part of this report are as follows: 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Under Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits: The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this report are incorporated by reference or are filed with this report, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT 
 INDEX 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Mergers among the Registrant, certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries, SignalFx, Inc. and Fortis Advisors LLC, as Securityholders agent, dated as of August 21, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 4, 2019). 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 13, 2012). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2019). 
 4.1 
 Specimen common stock certificate of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 6, 2012). 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2018, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2018). 
 4.3 
 Form of Global Note, representing Splunk Inc. s 0.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2018). 
 4.4 
 Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2018, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2018). 
 4.5 
 Form of Global Note, representing Splunk Inc. s 1.125 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2018). 
 4.6 
 Indenture, dated as of June 5, 2020, by and between Splunk Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2020). 
 4.7 
 Form of Global Note, representing Registrant s 1.125 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2020). 
 4.8 
 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2020). 
 4.9 
 Indenture, dated July 9, 2021, between Splunk Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2021). 
 4.10 
 Form of 0.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.9). 
 10.1# 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 12, 2012). 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 10. 2 # 
 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 6, 2012). 
 10. 3 # 
 Amendment to 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of September 14, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 6, 2017). 
 10.4# 
 Splunk Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 17, 2022). 
 10. 5 # 
 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q filed on December 1 , 202 2 ). 
 10.6 
 Office Lease, dated as of April 29, 2014, between 270 Brannan Street, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 9, 2014). 
 10.7 
 First Amendment to Office Lease, dated as of March 1, 2018, between 270 Brannan Street, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 8, 2018). 
 10.8 
 Office Lease, dated as of August 24, 2015, between FRIT San Jose Town and Country Village, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 10, 2015). 
 10.9 
 First Amendment to Office Lease, dated as of May 23, 2016, between FRIT San Jose Town and Country Village, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 8, 2016). 
 10.10 
 Second Amendment to Office Lease, dated as of December 12, 2016, between FRIT San Jose Town and Country Village, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2017). 
 10.1 1 # 
 Amended and Restated Employment Offer Letter between the Registrant and Scott Morgan, dated as of October 30, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed December 7, 2018). 
 10.1 2 # 
 Employment Offer Letter between the Registrant and Jason Child, dated as of April 16, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 6, 2019). 
 10.1 3 # 
 Amendment to Employee Offer Letter between the Registrant and Jason Child, dated as of September 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 1, 2022). 
 10.1 4 # 
 Form of Amendment to Employment Offer Letter between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 6, 2019). 
 10.1 5 # 
 Employment Offer Letter between the Registrant and Gary Steele, dated as of February 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 26, 2022). 
 10.1 6 # 
 Transition and Separation Agreement between the Registrant and Teresa Carlson, dated as of March 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 26, 2022). 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 10.1 7 # 
 Transition and Separation Agreement between the Registrant and Doug Merritt, dated as of March 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 26, 2022). 
 10.1 8 # 
 Transition and Separation Agreement between the Registrant and Shawn Bice, dated as of May 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 25, 2022). 
 10.1 9 # 
 Employment Offer Letter between the Registrant and Brian Roberts, dated as of January 11, 2023. 
 10.20# 
 Summary of Amendment to Employment Offer Letters between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers. 
 10.2 1 # 
 Executive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 6, 2012). 
 10.2 2 # 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2012). 
 10.2 3 # 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2012). 
 10.2 4 # 
 Form of Subscription Agreement under the 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2012). 
 10. 25 # 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 9, 2015). 
 10.2 6 
 Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2018). 
 10.2 7 
 Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2020). 
 10. 2 8 
 Investment Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2021, among Splunk Inc. and Silver Lake Alpine, L.P., Silver Lake Alpine (Offshore Master), L.P. and Silver Lake Partners VI, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2021). 
 10.2 9 
 Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2022, by and between Splunk Inc. and Hellman Friedman Advisors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2022). 
 10. 30 # 
 2022 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 filed with the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2022). 
 10.3 1 # 
 Form of RSU Agreement for 2022 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 26, 2022). 
 10.3 2 # 
 Splunk Inc. Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on April 11, 2022). 
 10.3 3 # 
 Splunk Inc. Inducement Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on April 11, 2022). 
 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. The schedules and other attachments to this exhibit have been omitted. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules or attachments to the SEC upon request. Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted as the Registrant has determined (i) the omitted information is not material and (ii) the omitted information would likely cause harm to the Registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 23, 2023. 
 SPLUNK INC. By: /s/ Gary Steele Gary Steele President and Chief Executive Officer 

111 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL THESE PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Gary Steele, Brian Roberts and Scott Morgan, and each of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Gary Steele President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 23, 2023 Gary Steele 
 /s/ Brian Roberts Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 23, 2023 Brian Roberts 
 /s/ Timothy C. Emanuelson Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 23, 2023 Timothy C. Emanuelson /s/ Graham V. Smith Chair and Director 
 March 23, 2023 Graham V. Smith 
 /s/ Mark T. Carges Director March 23, 2023 Mark T. Carges 
 /s/ Kenneth Hao Director 
 March 23, 2023 Kenneth Hao /s/ Patricia B. Morrison Director 
 March 23, 2023 Patricia B. Morrison /s/ Elisa A. Steele Director 
 March 23, 2023 Elisa A. Steele 
 /s/ David Tunnell Director 
 March 23, 2023 David Tunnell 
 /s/ Dennis L. Via Director 
 March 23, 2023 Dennis L. Via 
 /s/ Luis Visoso Director 
 March 23, 2023 Luis Visoso 
 /s/ Richard P. Wallace Director 
 March 23, 2023 Richard P. Wallace 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

113 

<EX-10.19>
 2
 ex-1019013123.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 
 Exhibit 10.19 
 
 270 Brannan Street 
 San Francisco, CA 94107 

Via Electronic Mail 
 
 January 11, 2023 
 
 Brian Roberts 
 c o Splunk Inc. 
 270 Brannan Street 
 San Francisco, CA 
 
 Dear Brian 
 I am thrilled and delighted to offer you the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Splunk Inc. (the Company ), reporting to me. You will also be appointed as the Company s Principal Financial Officer and a Section 16 officer. Your primary work location will be in San Francisco. We are very excited to have you join the team. In your role, you will have the opportunity to make a meaningful impact on our future success. Understandably, this offer is contingent upon you fully cooperating with, and satisfactorily completing, and clearing background, reference and conflicts checks and satisfactory completion of the Company s Directors and Officers Questionnaire. Here are the terms of our proposed offer (the Offer 
 1. Annual Salary Executive Bonus . Your gross base salary will be 575,000 per year, less applicable deductions and withholdings, and paid in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices. In addition, you will be eligible to participate in Splunk s Executive Bonus Plan beginning with the Executive Bonus Plan in effect for the Company s 2024 fiscal year. Your initial annualized target bonus will be 100 of your annual base salary. Your actual bonus amount will be based on actual achievement of Company financial goal(s), as determined by the Talent & Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors Compensation Committee'' and prorated as of the Effective Date (defined below). Under current practices (which may change in the future), you will be paid a mid-fiscal-year bonus of up to 50 of your annualized target bonus, pro-rated for the time you have worked during the fiscal year. Any mid-fiscal-year bonus will be based on the Company s forecasted annual achievement of the bonus plan s performance metrics as of the end of the fiscal second quarter. Your actual mid-fiscal-year bonus amount will be included in the calculation of your annual bonus, meaning that your year-end bonus payment will be equal to your calculated annual bonus amount, less any mid-fiscal-year bonus amount already paid for that fiscal year. The year-end bonus payment will be made in the nearest pay period following the final approval date after the completion of the fiscal year and after the Compensation Committee s review and approval of executive bonuses. Note that all payments to you will be made after applicable withholdings. 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

2. Start Date . Your start date will be January 23 , 2023 (the Effective Date ). 
 3. Benefits . You will be eligible to participate in the healthcare, 401(k), employee stock purchase and other employee benefit plans established for our employees and executives, subject to the eligibility criteria and other terms and conditions for such plans. You will be eligible to receive healthcare benefits on your first day of active, full-time employment. You will be entitled to 15 days of Personal Time-Off (PTO) annually, accrued on a semi-monthly basis in accordance with Company policy. 
 4. Equity . We will recommend to the Compensation Committee that you be granted a total new hire equity grant with a value of 16,000,000 under the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP ), which will be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable award agreement approved for grants thereunder. 
 (a) Five million dollars 5,000,000) of the new hire grant will be granted in Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), which will vest over approximately 4 years, with 25 of the RSUs vesting March 10, 2024, and 1 16th of the RSUs vesting quarterly thereafter as will be specified in your RSU agreement, so long as you remain employed by the Company through the relevant vesting date. Eleven million dollars 11,000,000) of the new hire grant will be granted in Performance Stock Units PSUs ), which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals and the other vesting criteria to be approved by the Compensation Committee in March 2023 for the fiscal 2024 PSU program applicable to senior executives of the Company. We anticipate your PSU shares will be awarded in March 2023. 
 (b) Each dollar amount indicated in section 4(a) above will be converted into a number of shares by dividing the dollar amount by the Company s average closing stock price for the 60 trading days prior to the Effective Date, rounded down to the nearest whole share. Generally, subject to the relevant award agreement, the amount of PSUs vesting on a particular vest date will be based on the performance period that ended on the last day of February in such calendar year. 
 5. Confidentiality . You agree not to disclose the existence of this Offer, its proposed terms or your joining the Company to any third party prior to the public announcement of such by the Company, with the exception of disclosure to your legal and financial advisors and current manager or employer, provided that each has agreed to maintain confidentiality. As an employee of the Company, you will have access to confidential information of the Company and certain third parties and you may, during the course of your employment, create inventions, improvements, designs, original works of authorship, computer software programs, trade secrets and other matters that will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company. You hereby irrevocably assign each such invention, work and matter to the Company. As a condition of employment, you are required to comply with the terms of the Company s Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement , which is attached to this Offer. We wish 
 -2- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

to impress upon you that the Company does not want you to, and we hereby direct you not to, bring with you or use on behalf of the Company, any confidential or proprietary material or information of any former employer or other third party. In addition, you must not violate any other obligation you may have to any former employer or other third party. During the period that you render services to the Company, you agree that you will not engage in any employment, business or activity that is in any way competitive with the business or proposed business of the Company. You will disclose to the Company, in writing, any other employment, business or activity that you are currently associated with or participate in that competes with the Company and that you become associated with during the period that you render services to the Company. You will not assist any other person or organization in competing with the Company or in preparing to engage in competition with the business or proposed business of the Company. By signing this Offer, you certify that your employment with the Company will not violate any contractual or other legal obligation that would prohibit or limit you from performing your duties to the Company. 
 6. At-Will Employment . During your entire employment you will be an at-will employee of the Company, which means the employment relationship can be terminated by either of us for any lawful reason or no reason, at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without Cause (as defined below). Your participation in any equity or benefit program does not assure you of continuing employment for any particular period of time. Any modification or change in your at-will employment status may only occur by way of a written agreement signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Upon termination of your employment as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company for any reason, you will be deemed to have resigned from all offices and board memberships, if any, then held with the Company or any of its affiliates, and, at the Company s request, you will execute such documents as are necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignations. 
 7. Severance . You are eligible to receive the following severance benefits. All severance benefits will be subject to applicable deductions and withholdings. 
 (a) Separation in Event of Termination Within the 6-Month Period Before or 18-Month Period Following a Change in Control . In the event of your involuntary separation from employment with the Company by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason (as defined below), in each case within the period six (6) months prior through eighteen (18) months following a Change in Control Change in Control Period ), then, in addition to any accrued compensation, and provided that you deliver to the Company a signed release of claims in favor of the Company in the form provided by the Company at such time Release ), and satisfy all conditions to make the Release effective within sixty (60) days following your separation from service, you shall be entitled to the benefits as set forth below 
 (i) Lump sum payment equal to twelve (12) months of your then-current base salary, plus 100 of your annual target bonus as in effect in the fiscal year of termination, less any amounts already paid for such year 
 -3- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

(ii) Provided you timely elect to continue health coverage under COBRA, payment or reimbursement, as applicable, for any monthly COBRA premium payments made by you in the twelve (12) months following the month of your separation from service. If at the time you separate from service, it would result in a Company excise tax or failure of non-discrimination tests to reimburse you for COBRA premiums, then no such premiums will be paid or reimbursed and if doing so would not cause imposition of an excise tax, you will be paid a single lump sum of 24,000 and 
 (iii) Acceleration of vesting as to all then-unvested shares or rights subject to all equity awards which have been granted to you with only time-based vesting (including earned but unvested performance-based awards). Any unearned PSUs will be treated in the manner outlined in the award agreement for each such PSU grant. 
 (b) Severance in Event of Termination Without Cause Outside the Change in Control Period . In the event of your involuntary separation from employment with the Company by the Company without Cause not during the Change in Control Period, then, in addition to any accrued compensation, and provided that you deliver to the Company a signed Release and satisfy all conditions to make the Release effective within sixty (60) days following your separation from service, you shall be entitled to benefits as set forth below 
 (i) Lump sum payment equal to six (6) months of your then-current base salary, plus a pro-rated portion of your annual target bonus for the year of termination based on the number of months employed during such year, less any amounts already paid for such year 
 (ii) Provided you timely elect to continue health coverage under COBRA, payment or reimbursement, as applicable, for any monthly COBRA premium payments made by you in the six (6) months following the month of your separation from service. If at the time you separate from service, it would result in a Company excise tax or failure of non-discrimination tests to reimburse you for COBRA premiums then no such premiums will be paid or reimbursed and if doing so would not cause imposition of an excise tax, you will be paid a single lump sum of 12,000 and 
 (iii) Acceleration of vesting as to the number of shares or rights subject to all equity awards which have been granted to you with only time-based vesting (including earned but unvested performance-based awards) as would have vested in the six (6) months following your separation from service. Any unearned PSUs will be treated in the manner outlined in the award agreement for each such PSU grant. 
 8. Section 409A Matters . 
 (a) For purposes of this Offer, no payment will be made to you upon termination of your employment unless such termination constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
 -4- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

amended (the Code ), and Section 1.409A-l(h) of the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (b) To the extent any payments to which you become entitled under this Offer, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with your separation from service from the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code (the Deferred Payments ), such payments will be paid on, or in the case of installments, will not commence, until the sixtieth (60 th day following your separation from service, or if later, such time as required by Section 8(c). Except as required by Section 8(c), any installment payments that would have been made to you during the sixty (60) day period immediately following your separation from service but for the preceding sentence will be paid to you on or around the sixtieth (60 th day following your separation from service and the remaining payments will be made as provided herein. 
 (c) If you are deemed at the time of such separation from service to be a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code, then any Deferred Payment(s) shall not be made or commence until the earliest of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of your separation from service (as such term is at the time defined in Treasury Regulations under Section 409A of the Code) with the Company or (ii) the date of your death following such separation from service provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to you, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20 tax for which you would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(l)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to you or your beneficiary in one lump sum. 
 (d) To the extent any payments to which you become entitled under this Offer, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with your separation from service from the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, you and the Company may make changes to this Offer to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A. Each payment and benefit payable hereunder is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 9. Parachute Payments . 
 (a) Reduction of Severance Benefits . Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, if any payment or benefit that you would receive from the Company or any other party whether in connection with the provisions herein or otherwise (the Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then such Payment will be equal to the Best Results Amount. The Best Results Amount will be either 
 -5- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

(x) the full amount of such Payment or (y) such lesser amount as would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in payments or benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that the Payment equals the Best Results Amount, reduction will occur in the following order reduction of cash payments cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock awards and reduction of employee benefits. In the event that acceleration of vesting of stock award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting will be canceled in the reverse order of the date of grant of your equity awards. 
 (b) Determination of Excise Tax Liability . The Company will select a professional services firm to make all of the determinations required to be made under these paragraphs relating to parachute payments. The Company will request that the firm provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and you prior to the date on which the event that triggers the Payment occurs if administratively feasible, or subsequent to such date if events occur that result in parachute payments to you at that time. For purposes of making the calculations required under these paragraphs relating to parachute payments, the firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith determinations concerning the application of the Code. The Company and you will furnish to the firm such information and documents as the firm may reasonably request in order to make a determination under these paragraphs relating to parachute payments. The Company will bear all costs the firm may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by these paragraphs relating to parachute payments. Any such determination by the firm will be binding upon the Company and you, and the Company will have no liability to you for the determinations of the firm. 
 10. Clawback Policy . 
 Your compensation will be subject to the Company s clawback policy in effect as of the date hereof, and will be subject to any other clawback policy of the Company as may be established and or amended from time to time to comply with applicable laws (including without limitation pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as may be required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) (the Clawback Policy ). The Company may require you to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all or a portion of your compensation pursuant to the terms of the Clawback Policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws. No recovery of your compensation under a Clawback Policy or otherwise will constitute an event that triggers or contributes to any right you may have to resign for Good Reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement, arrangement or policy with the Company. 
 -6- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

11. Definitions . 
 (a) Cause . For purposes of this Offer, Cause means (i) your conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude which the Company believes has had or will have a detrimental effect on the Company s reputation or business (ii) your engaging in an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of your employment obligations and duties (iii) your committing an act of fraud against, material misconduct or willful misappropriation of property belonging to the Company (iv) your engaging in any other misconduct that has had or will have an adverse effect on the Company s reputation or business or (v) your breach of the Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement or other unauthorized misuse of the Company s or a third party s trade secrets or proprietary information. 
 (b) Change in Control . For purposes of this Offer Change in Control has the meaning in the EIP. 
 (c) Good Reason . For purposes of this Offer, Good Reason means any of the following taken without your written consent and provided (a) the Company receives, within thirty (30) days following the occurrence of any of the events set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) below, written notice from you specifying the specific basis for your belief that you are entitled to terminate employment for Good Reason, (b) the Company fails to cure the event constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days after receipt of such written notice thereof, and (c) you terminate your employment within thirty (30) days following expiration of such cure period (i) a material change, adverse to you, in your position, title(s), office(s) or duties (ii) an assignment of any significant duties to you that are inconsistent with your positions or offices held under this Offer (iii) a decrease in your then-current annual base salary by more than 10 (other than in connection with a general decrease in the salary of all executives) or (iv) your relocation to a facility or a location more than thirty (30) miles from your residence. 
 12. Authorization to Work . As required by law, this offer of employment is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States within three (3) business days of starting your employment. 
 13. Policies . You acknowledge that you have read and will comply with the Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Insider Trading Policy, Anticorruption Compliance Policy and Guidelines, and U.S. Export Control Compliance Policy Statement and that you will comply with all Company policies, guidelines and processes in effect throughout your employment. You acknowledge that the Company may implement, modify or revoke Company policies, guidelines and processes from time to time, and you agree to read and comply with each then-current policy, guideline and or process. 
 14. Arbitration . 
 -7- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

(a) Informal Resolution Mediation . In the event of any dispute or claim in any way relating to or arising out of your recruitment by the Company, your employment with the Company, or your separation from the Company, you and Splunk agree to initially attempt to resolve the issue informally or with the assistance of a neutral, outside mediator. If any dispute or claim cannot be resolved by these means, and except as specifically listed below, the sole and exclusive means for final dispute or claim resolution is through final and binding arbitration, as more fully described in the Arbitration provision. You may choose to opt out of arbitration please see the last paragraph below in this Arbitration provision, to understand what you need to do to opt out. 
 (b) Arbitration . In consideration of your employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment-related disputes, and your receipt of the compensation, pay raises, and other benefits paid to you by the Company, at present and in the future, you agree that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder, or benefit plan of the Company, in their capacity as such or otherwise), arising out of, relating to, or resulting from your recruitment by the Company, employment with the Company or your separation from service from the Company, including any alleged breach of this Offer, shall be subject to binding arbitration under the arbitration provisions set forth in California Code of Civil Procedure sections 1280 through 1294.2, including section 1281.8 (the Act ), and pursuant to California law. The Federal Arbitration Act shall continue to apply with full force and effect notwithstanding the application of procedural rules set forth in the Act. Disputes that you agree to arbitrate, and thereby agree to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under local, state, or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Labor Code, California wage payment laws, claims of harassment, discrimination, wrongful termination, retaliation, unpaid wages, incentive compensation, breach of contract, torts and any statutory or common law claims. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that nothing in this Offer constitutes a waiver of your rights under section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. You further understand that this agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with you. You and the Company each retain their right to and shall not be prohibited or limited from seeking or obtaining equitable relief from a court having jurisdiction over the parties. 
 To the extent permitted by law, all claims covered under this arbitration agreement must be brought in your individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or collective proceeding. No claim may be brought or maintained on a class or collective basis either in court or in 
 -8- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

arbitration. All such claims will be decided on an individual basis in arbitration pursuant to the parties agreement to arbitrate. The parties expressly waive any right with respect to any covered claims to submit, initiate, or participate as a plaintiff, claimant or member in a class or collective action, regardless of whether the action is filed in arbitration or in court. Claims may not be joined or consolidated in arbitration with disputes brought by other individuals, unless agreed to in writing by all parties. 
 Any issue concerning the validity of this class action or collective action waiver must be decided by a Court and an arbitrator shall not have authority to consider the issue of the validity of this waiver. If for any reason this class or collective action waiver is found to be unenforceable, the class action or collective action claim may only be heard in court and may not be arbitrated. The arbitrator shall not have authority to hear or decide class or collective actions. The arbitrator s authority to resolve disputes and make awards under this Offer is limited to disputes between (i) you and the Company and (ii) you and any current or former officers directors, employees or agents of the Company, if such individual is sued for conduct arising out of his or her employment. No arbitration award or decision will have any preclusive effect as to issues or claims in any dispute with anyone who is not a named party to the arbitration. This agreement to arbitrate supersedes all arbitration agreements that previously existed between the employee and the Company. 
 (c) Procedure . You agree that any arbitration will be administered by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. JAMS ), pursuant to its employment arbitration rules & procedures (the JAMS rules ), which are available at http www.jamsadr.com rules-employment-arbitration and from Human Resources. You agree that the arbitrator shall issue a written decision on the merits. You also agree that the arbitrator shall have the power to award any remedies available under applicable law. You agree that the decree or award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered as a final and binding judgment in any court having jurisdiction thereof. You understand that the Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the arbitrator or JAMS except that you shall pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that you initiate, but only so much of the filing fees as you would have instead paid had you filed a complaint in a court of law. You agree that the arbitrator shall administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with California law, including the California Code of Civil Procedure and the California Evidence Code, and that the arbitrator shall apply substantive and procedural California law to any dispute or claim, without reference to rules of conflict of law. To the extent that the JAMS rules conflict with California law, California law shall take precedence. You agree that any arbitration hearing under this Offer shall be conducted in San Francisco County, California. 
 (d) Remedy . Except as provided by the Act and this Offer, arbitration shall be the sole, exclusive, and final remedy for any dispute between you and the Company. Accordingly, except as provided for by the Act and this Offer, neither you nor the 
 -9- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. 
 (e) Administrative relief . This Offer does not prohibit you from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, including, but not limited to, the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the National Labor Relations Board. This also includes claims for workers compensation benefits, unemployment insurance, or state or federal disability insurance. Moreover, this Offer does not apply to any other dispute or claim that has been expressly excluded from arbitration by statute. Nothing in this Offer prohibits or restricts you from initiating communications directly with, responding to any inquiry from, or providing information or testimony to or before, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Department of Justice, or any other governmental agency or department or self-regulatory organization, about actual or potential violations of laws or regulations (including lawfully reporting fraud, waste or abuse). You are not required to obtain Splunk s prior authorization before engaging in such communications, nor are you required to inform Splunk about such communications. This Offer does, however, preclude you from pursuing court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted by law. 
 (f) Voluntary nature of agreement . You acknowledge and agree that you are executing this Offer voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else. You further acknowledge and agree that you have carefully read this Offer and that you have asked any questions needed for you to understand the terms, consequences, and binding effect of this Offer and fully understand it, including that you are waiving your right to a jury trial. You agree that you have been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of your choice before signing this Offer. 
 You may choose to opt out of arbitration To do so, you must send an email to Human Resources at the following email address optout splunk.com and your email must state, I am opting out of arbitration. Your email must be received by Human Resources no later than twenty (20) days after your acceptance of this Offer. 
 15. Survival and Severability . Upon termination of your employment for any reason, the obligations in sections 5 (Confidentiality) 8 (Section 409A Matters) 9 (Parachute Payments) 10 (Clawback Policy) 11 (Definitions) 13 (Policies) 14 (Arbitration) 15 (Survival and Severability) 16 (Complete Agreement) and 18 (Acceptance) shall survive and remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such term shall be excluded to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability all other terms shall remain in full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable term shall be deemed replaced by a valid and enforceable term that comes closest to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable term. 
 -10- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

16. Complete Agreement . You understand and agree that this Offer, along with the Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein, form the complete and exclusive statement of your employment with the Company and supersedes any prior offer letter, employment agreement and or addenda existing between the parties, whether written or verbal. This Offer can only be modified by a written agreement signed by you and the Chief Executive Officer or Chief People Officer of the Company. 
 17. Offer Contingency . This offer is contingent upon your full cooperation with, and receipt by the Company of satisfactory results of background and or reference checks, prior to employment and from time to time thereafter, as requested by the Company. 
 18. Acceptance . This offer of employment will remain open until 5 00 P.M. Pacific o n January 13, 2023 and will thereafter expire. To accept this Offer, please sign in the space indicated and return to me. Your signature will acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to the terms and conditions of this Offer. 
 
 Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
 
 Best, 
 
 s Gary Steele 
 
 Gary Steele 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Splunk Inc. 
 
 Enclosures 
 - Employee Invention Assignment and Confidentiality Agreement 
 - Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 - Insider Trading Policy 
 - Anticorruption Compliance Policy and Guidelines 
 - U.S. Export Controls Compliance Policy Statement 

-11- 

Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 

Acceptance and Agreement 
 
 I have read, understand, agree to and shall comply with each of the terms and conditions as set forth above. 
 
 I further acknowledge that no promises or commitments have been made to me except as specifically set forth herein. 

s Brian Roberts 
 January 11, 2023 Brian Roberts 
 Date 
 
 -12- 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex-211013123.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of Splunk Inc. as of January 31, 2023 
 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction Splunk Cayman Holding Ltd. Cayman Islands Splunk Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Shanghai, PRC Splunk Ireland Limited Ireland Splunk Services Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Splunk Services Belgium BV Belgium Splunk Servi os do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Splunk Services Canada ULC British Columbia, Canada Splunk Services Cayman Ltd. Cayman Islands Splunk Services Costa Rica Sociedad De Responsabilidad Costa Rica Splunk Services Czech Republic s.r.o. 
 Czech Republic 
 Splunk Services Estonia O 
 Estonia 
 Splunk Services France SAS France Splunk Services FZ-LLC Dubai, UAE Splunk Services Germany GmbH Germany Splunk Services Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Splunk Services India Private Limited India Splunk Services Israel Ltd. Israel Splunk Services Japan GK Japan Splunk Services Korea Republic of Korea Splunk Services LLC Delaware, U.S. Splunk Services Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Splunk Services Netherlands B.V. The Netherlands Splunk Services New Zealand Limited New Zealand Splunk Services Poland sp. z.o.o. Poland Splunk Services Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Splunk Services South Africa (PTY) Ltd. South Africa Splunk Services Sweden AB Sweden Splunk Services Switzerland AG Switzerland Splunk Services UK Limited United Kingdom Splunk Technology Consulting (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Beijing, PRC Flowmill LLC 
 Delaware, U.S. 
 Omnition LLC Delaware, U.S. Phantom Cyber Corporation Delaware, U.S. Phantom International, LLC Delaware, U.S. Rigor, Inc. 
 Delaware, U.S. 
 SignalFx France SARL France SignalFx Germany GmbH Germany SignalFx LLC Delaware, U.S. SignalFx Netherlands B.V. The Netherlands SignalFx Sweden AB Sweden Streamlio, Inc. 
 Delaware, U.S. 
 SignalSense, Inc. Washington, U.S. TruSTAR Technology, Inc. 
 Delaware, U.S. TwinWave Security LLC Delaware, U.S. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex-231013123.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-265697, No. 333- 264223, No. 333-263830, No. 333-254924, No. 333-237434, No. 333-230544, No. 333-224064, No. 333-217015, No. 333-210490, No. 333-203145, No. 333-194924, No. 333-187658, and No. 333-180896) of Splunk Inc. of our report dated March 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10 K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP San Jose, California 
 March 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex-311013123.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Gary Steele, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Splunk Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 23, 2023 
 s Gary Steele Gary Steele President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex-312013123.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brian Roberts, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Splunk Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 23, 2023 
 s Brian Roberts Brian Roberts Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex-321013123.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gary Steele, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Splunk Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Splunk Inc. 
 
 Date March 23, 2023 
 
 s Gary Steele Gary Steele President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 I, Brian Roberts, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Splunk Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Splunk Inc. 
 
 Date March 23, 2023 
 
 s Brian Roberts Brian Roberts Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 splk-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 splk-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 splk-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 splk-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 splk-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

