<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_1156039_0001156039-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29006587</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1345230</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4091065</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11157238</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6025434</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5770382</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001156039-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215164430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001156039-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		156
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Elevance Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001156039
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOSPITAL & MEDICAL SERVICE PLANS [6324]
		IRS NUMBER:				352145715
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16751
		FILM NUMBER:		23635983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 VIRGINIA AVENUE
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8003311476

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 VIRGINIA AVENUE
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Anthem, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WELLPOINT, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WELLPOINT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001156039-23-000007.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 elv-20221231.htm
 FORM10-K

elv-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrants s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant (assuming solely for the purposes of this calculation that all directors and executive officers of the registrant are affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was approximately . 
 As of February 1, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 22 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 36 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 36 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 36 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 36 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 37 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 38 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 39 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 64 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 66 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 136 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 136 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 139 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 139 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 139 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 139 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 139 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 140 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 140 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 141 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 146 
 SIGNATURES 
 153 
 
 -1- 

On May 18, 2022, our shareholders approved a proposal to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation to change our name from Anthem, Inc. to Elevance Health, Inc. This amendment and name change went into effect on June 27, 2022. We began operating as Elevance Health, Inc. and trading under our new ticker symbol ELV on June 28, 2022. References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the terms we, our, us, Elevance Health or the Company refer to Elevance Health, Inc., an Indiana corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its direct and indirect subsidiaries. References to the term states include the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect our views about future events and financial performance and are generally not historical facts. Words such as expect, feel, believe, will, may, should, anticipate, intend, estimate, project, forecast, plan and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to: financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions; statements regarding plans, objectives and expectations with respect to future operations, products and services; and statements regarding future performance. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. You are also urged to carefully review and consider the various risks and other disclosures discussed in our reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, which attempt to advise interested parties of the factors that affect our business. Except to the extent required by law, we do not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date hereof. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: trends in healthcare costs and utilization rates; reduced enrollment; our ability to secure and implement sufficient premium rates; the impact of large scale medical emergencies, such as public health epidemics and pandemics, including COVID-19, and other catastrophes; the impact of new or changes in existing federal, state and international laws or regulations, including healthcare laws and regulations, or their enforcement or application; the impact of cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents or breaches or our failure to comply with any privacy or security laws or regulations, including any investigations, claims or litigation related thereto; information technology disruptions; changes in economic and market conditions, as well as regulations that may negatively affect our liquidity and investment portfolios; competitive pressures and our ability to adapt to changes in the industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities; risks and uncertainties regarding Medicare and Medicaid programs, including those related to non-compliance with the complex regulations imposed thereon; our ability to maintain and achieve improvement in Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Star ratings and other quality scores and funding risks with respect to revenue received from participation therein; a negative change in our healthcare product mix; costs and other liabilities associated with litigation, government investigations, audits or reviews; our ability to contract with providers on cost-effective and competitive terms; failure to effectively maintain and modernize our information systems; risks associated with providing pharmacy benefit management PBM ), healthcare and other diversified products and services, including medical malpractice or professional liability claims and non-compliance by any party with the PBM services agreement between us and CaremarkPCS Health, L.L.C.; risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances; possible impairment of the value of our intangible assets if future results do not adequately support goodwill and other intangible assets; possible restrictions in the payment of dividends from our subsidiaries and increases in required minimum levels of capital; our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock and pay dividends on our common stock due to the adequacy of our cash flow and earnings and other considerations; the potential negative effect from our substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness and the risk that increased interest rates or market volatility could impact our access to or further increase the cost of financing; a downgrade in our financial strength ratings; the effects of any negative publicity related to the health benefits industry in general or us in particular; events that may negatively affect our licenses with the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association; intense competition to attract and retain employees; risks associated with our international operations; and various laws and provisions in our governing documents that may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations. 
 -2- 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 General 
 At Elevance Health, our purpose to improve the health of humanity is central to who we are. It inspires all we do and is the driving force behind our unique approach to health. We know to meaningfully improve health we must take a broader view. That is why our foundational approach looks at whole health and its most critical drivers: social, behavioral and physical. We believe in working together to achieve our mission of improving lives and communities, simplifying healthcare and expecting more. We strive to deliver on our mission by maximizing the power of partnerships, innovating to fuel growth and health equity, and having a high-performance culture. Our strategy is to become a lifetime, trusted health partner through the following four core focus areas: 
 Whole Health Partner to address physical, behavioral, social, and pharmacy needs to improve health, affordability, quality, equity, and access for individuals and communities. 
 Exceptional Experiences Put the people we serve at the center of all that we do, to exceed expectations and optimize health outcomes. 
 Care Provider Enablement Be the easiest payer to work with by supporting care provider partners with data, insights, and tools they need to deliver exceptional care for our consumers. 
 Digital Platform Use digital technologies to improve efficiency and experiences, convert data into insights, and create a platform that connects stakeholders from across the health ecosystem. 
 With an unyielding commitment to meeting the needs of our diverse customers, we are guided by the following values: 
 Leadership Redefine what is possible 
 Community Committed, connected, invested 
 Integrity Do the right thing, with a spirit of excellence 
 Agility Delivery today, transform tomorrow 
 Diversity Open our hearts and minds 
 We are one of the largest health insurers in the United States in terms of medical membership, serving approximately 47.5 million medical members through our affiliated health plans as of December 31, 2022. We offer a broad spectrum of network-based managed care risk-based plans to Individual, Group, Medicaid and Medicare markets. In addition, we provide a broad array of managed care services to fee-based customers, including claims processing, stop loss insurance, provider network access, medical management, care management and wellness programs, actuarial services and other administrative services. We provide services to the federal government in connection with our Federal Health Products Services business, which administers the Federal Employees Health Benefits FEHB Program. We provide an array of specialty services both to customers of our subsidiary health plans and also unaffiliated health plans, including pharmacy benefit management PBM services and dental, vision, life, disability and supplemental health insurance benefits, as well as integrated health services. 
 We are an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA ), an association of independent health benefit plans. We serve our members as the Blue Cross licensee for California and as the Blue Cross and Blue Shield BCBS licensee for Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine, Missouri (excluding 30 counties in the Kansas City area), Nevada, New Hampshire, New York (in the New York City metropolitan area and upstate New York), Ohio, Virginia (excluding the Northern Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C.) and Wisconsin. In a majority of these service areas, we do business as Anthem Blue Cross, Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield, and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield or Empire Blue Cross. In addition, we conduct business through arrangements with other BCBS licensees as well as other strategic partners. Through our subsidiaries, we also serve customers in numerous states as AIM Specialty Health, Amerigroup, Aspire Health, Beacon, CareMore, Freedom Health, HealthLink, HealthSun, MMM, Optimum Healthcare, Simply Healthcare, UniCare and/or Wellpoint. We offer PBM services through our CarelonRx, Inc. CarelonRx subsidiary, which was named IngenioRx, Inc. prior to January 1, 2023. We are licensed to conduct insurance operations in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico through our subsidiaries. 
 -3- 

As part of our name change to Elevance Health, in June 2022, we announced that over the next several years we will organize our brand portfolio into the following core go-to-market brands: 
 Anthem Blue Cross/Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield represents our existing Anthem-branded and affiliated Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensed plans; 
 Wellpoint we intend to unite select non-BCBSA licensed Medicare, Medicaid and Commercial plans under the Wellpoint name; and 
 Carelon this brand brings together our healthcare-related services and capabilities, including our formerly named Diversified Business Group and IngenioRx businesses, under a single brand name. 
 In 2022, we managed our operations by customer type through four reportable segments: Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business, CarelonRx (formerly known as IngenioRx) and Other. As we continue our journey to evolve our business from a traditional health insurance company into a lifetime, trusted health partner, we are evaluating and making changes to how we manage our business. This included a review of the products in each of our operating segments, which resulted in restructurings between some of our operating segments. Therefore, our reportable segment presentation in 2023 and its composition will reflect how we began managing our operations and monitoring performance, aligning strategies and allocating resources on January 1, 2023. For additional discussion, see Reportable Segments below in this Business section and Note 20, Segment Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We believe healthcare is local and that we have the strong local presence required to understand and meet local customer needs with regard to any product they are enrolled in with us. Further, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver what customers want: innovative, choice-based and affordable products; distinctive service; simplified transactions; and better access to information for quality care. Our local presence, combined with our national expertise, has created opportunities for collaborative programs that reward physicians and hospitals for clinical quality and excellence. We feel that our commitment to health improvement and care management provides added value to customers and healthcare professionals. Ultimately, we believe that practical and sustainable improvements in healthcare must focus on improving healthcare quality while managing costs for total affordability. We have implemented initiatives driving payment innovation and partnered with providers to lower cost and improve the quality of healthcare for our members, and we continue to develop new and innovative ways to effectively manage risk and engage our members. Further, we continue to expand our financial arrangements with providers to implement payment models that advance value-based care. We believe focusing on quality of care rather than volume of care is the foundation for improving patient outcomes. Our value-based payment model supports patient-centered care by improving collaboration between providers and health partners and delivering to our patients the right care, at the right time, in the right place. In addition, we are focused on achieving efficiencies from our national scale while optimizing service performance for our customers. Finally, we expect to continue to rationalize our portfolio of businesses and products and align our investments to optimize our core businesses, invest in high-growth opportunities, and accelerate capabilities and services. 
 Impact on Our Results of Operations 
 Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management and health and wellness programs, including service coordination and case management for addressing complex and specialized healthcare needs, innovative product design and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS Star ratings. CMS Star ratings affect Medicare Advantage plan reimbursements as well as our eligibility to earn quality-based bonus payments for those plans. See Regulation below in this Business section for additional information on our CMS Star ratings. For additional information on our networks and provider relations, product pricing and healthcare cost management programs, see Pricing and Underwriting of Our Products, Networks and Provider Relations, Medical Management Programs, Care Management and Wellness Products and Programs and Healthcare Quality Initiatives below in this Business section. 
 Advances in medical technology, including new specialty drugs, the aging population, other demographic characteristics and the COVID-19 pandemic continue to contribute to rising healthcare costs. Our managed care plans and products are designed to encourage providers and members to participate in quality, cost-effective health benefit programs by using the full range of our innovative medical management services, health-outcomes based initiatives and health quality-based 
 -4- 

financial incentives. We believe our market position and high business retention rates will enable us to realize the long-term benefits of investing in preventive and early detection programs. Our ability to provide cost-effective health benefits products and services is enhanced through a disciplined approach to internal cost containment, prudent management of our risk exposure and successful integration of acquired businesses. In addition, our ability to manage general and administrative costs continues to be a driver of our overall profitability. 
 Our future results of operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. Changes to our business environment will continue as elected officials at the national and state levels enact, and both elected officials and candidates for election propose, modifications to existing laws and regulations, including changes to taxes and fees. For additional discussion, see Regulation below in this Business section and Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our results of operations are also impacted by levels and mix of membership, which can change as a result of the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, an aging population, economic conditions, changes in unemployment, the continued and future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in or exits from existing markets. These membership trends could be negatively impacted by various factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations such as general economic downturns that result in business failures, failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, premium increases, benefit changes, membership impacts caused by COVID-19, including how our members access healthcare services, or our exit from a specific market. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We continue to enhance interactions with customers, providers, brokers, agents, employees and other stakeholders through digital technology and improvements to internal operations. Our approach includes not only the sales and distribution of health benefits products through digital technology, but also implementing advanced capabilities that improve services benefiting customers, agents, brokers and providers while optimizing administrative costs. These enhancements can also help improve the quality, coordination and safety of healthcare through increased communications between patients and their physicians. 
 Through our participation in various federal government programs, we generated approximately 28 of our total consolidated revenues from agencies of the U.S. government for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The majority of these revenues are contained in our Government Business segment as described below. An immaterial amount of our total consolidated revenues is derived from activities outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico. 
 Reportable Segments 
 We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. As discussed in the General section above, we are in the process of organizing our brand portfolio into three core go-to-market brands, and are reviewing and modifying how we will manage our businesses in the future. In 2022, we managed our operations by customer type through four reportable segments: Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business, CarelonRx (formerly known as IngenioRx) and Other. 
 Our Commercial Specialty Business segment offers plans and services to our Individual, Group risk-based, Group fee-based and BlueCard members. The Commercial Specialty Business segment offers health products on a full-risk basis; provides a broad array of administrative managed care services to our fee-based customers; and provides a variety of specialty and other insurance products and services such as stop loss, dental, vision, life, disability and supplemental health insurance benefits as described below. 
 Our Government Business segment includes our Medicare and Medicaid businesses, National Government Services NGS and services provided to the federal government in connection with the FEHB business. 
 Our CarelonRx (formerly IngenioRx) segment includes our PBM business. CarelonRx markets and offers PBM services to our affiliated health plan customers, as well as to external customers outside of the health plans we own. CarelonRx has a comprehensive PBM services portfolio, which includes services such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, a prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. 
 -5- 

Our Other segment includes our Diversified Business Group, now known as Carelon Services, which is our health services business focused on lowering the cost and improving the quality of healthcare by enabling and creating new care delivery and payment models, with a special emphasis on serving those with complex and chronic conditions. This segment also includes certain intercompany eliminations and corporate expenses not allocated to our other reportable segments. 
 As we continue our journey to evolve our business from a traditional health insurance company into a lifetime, trusted health partner, we are evaluating and making changes to how we manage our business. This included a review of the products in each of our operating segments, which resulted in restructurings between some of our operating segments. Therefore, our reportable segment presentation in 2023 and its composition will reflect how we began managing our operations and monitoring performance, aligning strategies and allocating resources on January 1, 2023. As a result of these changes, beginning with our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2023, we will report our results in the following four reportable segments: (i) Health Benefits, which will combine our existing Commercial Specialty Business and Government Business segments; (ii) our existing CarelonRx segment; (iii) Carelon Services (our former Diversified Business Group), which will be carved out from our existing Other segment; and (iv) Corporate and Other, which will include businesses that do not individually meet the quantitative thresholds for an operating segment, as well as corporate expenses not allocated to our other reportable segments. We expect to reclassify previously reported information to conform to the new presentation. 
 For additional information, see Note 20, Segment Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Membership 
 Our medical membership includes seven different customer types: Individual, Group risk-based, Group fee-based, BlueCard , Medicare, Medicaid and FEHB. In addition, we also serve customers who purchase one or more of our other products or services that are often ancillary to our health business. 
 Our products are generally developed and marketed with an emphasis on the differing needs of our customers. In particular, our product development and marketing efforts take into account the differing characteristics between the various customers served by us, as well as the unique needs of educational and public entities, labor groups, the FEHB program, national employers and state-run programs servicing low-income, high-risk and underserved markets. Overall, we seek to establish pricing and product designs to provide value for our customers while achieving an appropriate level of profitability for each of our customer categories balanced with the competitive objective to grow market share. We believe that one of the keys to our success has been our focus on these distinct customer types, which better enables us to develop benefit plans and services that meet our customers unique needs. Further, CarelonRx was built to simplify pharmacy care and focus on the whole person, and we expect it will make it easier for our customers to achieve better health outcomes at a lower total cost of care. 
 We market our Individual, Medicare and certain Group products with a smaller employee base through direct marketing activities and an extensive network of independent agents, brokers and retail partnerships. Products for Commercial customers with a larger employee base are generally sold through independent brokers or consultants retained by the customer who work with industry specialists from our in-house sales force. In the Individual markets, we offer on-exchange products through state- or federally-facilitated marketplaces (the Public Exchange in compliance with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, as amended (collectively, the ACA and off-exchange products. Federal subsidies are available for certain members, subject to income and family size, who purchase Public Exchange products. 
 In 2022, we made the decision to expand our participation in the Public Exchange market for 2023 after also expanding in 2022. As a result, for 2023 we are offering Individual Public Exchange products in 138 of the 143 rating regions in which we operate, in comparison to 122 of 143 rating regions in 2022. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment and underlying market characteristics. 
 Being a licensee of the BCBS association of companies, of which there were 34 independent primary licensees including us as of December 31, 2022, provides significant market value, especially when competing for very large multi-state 
 -6- 

employer groups. For example, each BCBS member company is able to utilize other BCBS licensees substantial provider networks and discounts when any BCBS member works or travels outside of the state in which their policy is written. This program is referred to as BlueCard . BlueCard host members are generally members who reside in or travel to a state in which an Elevance Health subsidiary is the Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensee and who are covered under an employer-sponsored health plan serviced by a non-Elevance Health controlled BCBS licensee, which is the home plan. We perform certain administrative functions for BlueCard host members, including claims pricing and administration, for which we receive administrative fees from the BlueCard members home plan. Other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer services, are performed by the home plan. See BCBSA Licenses below in this Business section for additional information on our BCBSA licenses. We refer to members in our service areas licensed by the BCBSA as our BCBS-branded, or Anthem BCBS, business. Non-BCBS-branded business refers to members in our non-BCBS-branded, or Wellpoint plans, which include Amerigroup, Freedom Health, HealthSun, MMM, Optimum Healthcare and Simply Healthcare plans, as well as HealthLink and UniCare members. 
 For additional information describing each of our customer types and changes in medical membership over the last three years, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Membership included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Product and Service Descriptions 
 Various forms of managed care products have been developed to contain the cost of healthcare by negotiating contracts with hospitals, physicians and other providers to deliver high-quality healthcare to members at favorable rates. These products usually feature medical management and other quality and cost optimization measures such as pre-admission review and approval for certain non-emergency services, pre-authorization of outpatient surgical procedures, network credentialing to determine that network physicians and hospitals have the required certifications and expertise, and various levels of care management programs to help members better understand and navigate the healthcare system. In addition, providers may have incentives to achieve certain quality measures, may share medical cost risk or may have other incentives to deliver quality medical services in a cost-effective manner. Also, certain plans offer members incentives for healthy behaviors, such as smoking cessation and weight management. Members are charged periodic, prepaid premiums and generally pay copayments, coinsurance and/or deductibles when they receive services. 
 Commercial Specialty Business 
 Commercial Risk-Based Products. Our Commercial Specialty Business offers employer groups a diversified mix of managed care risk-based products including: Preferred Provider Organization PPO ), Health Maintenance Organization HMO ), Consumer-Driven Health Plans CDHP ), Traditional Indemnity and Point-of-Service POS plans. PPO plans generally provide members the freedom to choose any healthcare provider, but require the member to pay a greater portion of the provider s fee in the event the member chooses not to use a provider participating in the PPO s network. HMOs include comprehensive managed care benefits generally through a participating network of physicians, hospitals and other providers. CDHPs generally combine a high-deductible PPO plan with an employer-funded and/or employee-funded personal care account, which may result in tax benefits to the employee and allow some or all of the dollars remaining in the personal care account at year-end to be rolled over to the next year for future healthcare needs. Traditional indemnity plans offer the member an option to select any healthcare provider for covered services, with coverage subject to deductibles and coinsurance and with member cost-sharing usually limited by out-of-pocket maximums. POS products blend the characteristics of HMO, PPO and indemnity plans. In general, POS plans allow members to choose to seek care from a provider within the plan s network or outside the network, subject to, among other things, certain deductibles and coinsurance. 
 We also offer Individual risk-based products on and off the Public Exchange, covering essential health benefits (as defined in the ACA) along with many other requirements and cost-sharing features. 
 Commercial Fee-Based Products. Our Commercial Specialty Business provides a broad array of managed care services to fee-based groups, including claims processing, provider network access, medical management, care management and wellness programs, actuarial services and other administrative services. Fee-based health plans are also able to use our provider networks and to realize savings through our negotiated provider arrangements, while allowing employers the ability to design certain health benefit plans in accordance with their own requirements and objectives. We 
 -7- 

also charge a premium to underwrite stop loss insurance for employers that maintain fee-based plans but want to limit their retained risk. 
 In addition, we perform certain administrative functions for BlueCard host members, discussed under Membership above, including claims pricing and administration, for which we receive administrative fees from the BlueCard members home plans. Other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer service, are performed by the home plan. 
 Specialty Products. We offer an array of products and services to both risk-based and fee-based customers in conjunction with our health plans as well as to unaffiliated healthcare plans that are not Elevance Health subsidiaries. 
 Stop Loss Insurance. Our stop loss insurance arrangements are built around our clients needs while assuming 100 of the risk. We offer specific and aggregate plans that will provide options to meet our clients coverage terms, budget and risk tolerance; active claims management to help avoid errors and missing claims; as well as cost containment to assist our clients with claims and cost control. 
 Dental. Our dental plans include networks in certain states in which we operate and are offered on both a risk-based and fee-based basis. Our members also have access to additional dental providers through our participation in the National Dental GRID, a national dental network developed by and for BCBS plans that offers in-network discounts across the country. 
 Vision. Our vision plans include networks within the states in which we operate and are offered on both a risk-based and fee-based basis. 
 Life. We offer an array of competitive individual and group term life insurance benefit products. The life insurance products include term life and accidental death and dismemberment. 
 Disability. We offer short-term and long-term disability and leave of absence products. 
 Supplemental Health. We offer supplemental health products, including accident, critical illness and hospital indemnity, which provide coverage for specific conditions or circumstances. 
 Government Business 
 Medicare Plans. We offer a wide variety of plans, products and options to individuals age 65 and older such as Medicare Advantage, including Special Needs Plans SNPs ), dual-eligible programs through Medicare-Medicaid Plans MMPs ), Medicare Supplement plans and Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plans Medicare Part D ). 
 Medicare Advantage plans provide Medicare beneficiaries with a managed care alternative to traditional Medicare and often include a Medicare Part D benefit. In addition, our Medicare Advantage SNPs provide tailored benefits to special needs individuals who are institutionalized or have severe or disabling chronic conditions and to dual-eligible customers, who are low-income seniors and persons under age 65 with disabilities. Medicare Advantage SNPs are coordinated care plans specifically designed to provide targeted care, covering all the healthcare services considered medically necessary for members and often providing professional care coordination services, with personal guidance and programs that help members maintain their health. Medicare Advantage membership also includes Medicare Advantage members in our Group Retiree Solutions business who are retired members of Commercial accounts or groups who are not affiliated with our Commercial accounts that have selected a Medicare Advantage product through us. MMP is a demonstration program focused on serving members who are dually eligible for Medicaid and Medicare. Medicare Supplement plans typically pay the difference between healthcare costs incurred by a beneficiary and amounts paid by the traditional Medicare Fee-For-Service program. Medicare Part D offers a prescription drug plan to Medicare and MMP beneficiaries. 
 Medicaid Plans and Other State-Sponsored Programs. Our Medicaid business includes our managed care alternatives through public-funded healthcare programs, including Medicaid; Medicaid expansion programs; Temporary Assistance for Needy Families TANF programs for seniors and people with disabilities SPD Children s Health Insurance Programs CHIP and specialty programs such as those focused on long-term services and support LTSS ), HIV/AIDS, children living in foster care, behavioral health and/or substance abuse disorders, and intellectual disabilities and/or developmental disabilities. The Medicaid program makes federal matching funds available to all states for the delivery of healthcare benefits for low income and/or high medical risk individuals. These programs are managed by the individual states based on broad federal guidelines. Our Medicaid plans also cover certain dual-eligible customers, as previously described above, who also receive Medicare benefits. As of December 31, 2022, we provide Medicaid and 
 -8- 

other state sponsored services, such as administrative services, in Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia and Wisconsin. 
 Federal Employees Health Benefits Program. FEHB members consist of United States government employees and their dependents within our geographic markets through our participation in the national contract between the BCBSA and the U.S. Office of Personnel Management. 
 Medicare Administrative Operations. Through our NGS subsidiary, we serve as a fiscal intermediary, carrier and Medicare administrative contractor for the federal government by providing administrative services for the Medicare program, Parts A and B, which generally provides coverage for persons who are 65 or older and for persons who are under 65 and disabled or with end-stage renal disease. Part A of the Medicare program provides coverage for services provided by hospitals, skilled nursing facilities and other healthcare facilities. Part B of the Medicare program provides coverage for services provided by physicians, physical and occupational therapists and other professional providers, as well as certain durable medical equipment and medical supplies. 
 CarelonRx 
 Our subsidiary CarelonRx markets and offers PBM services to our affiliated health plan customers throughout the country in both our Commercial Specialty and our Government business segments, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. Our comprehensive PBM services portfolio includes features such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, a prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. 
 CarelonRx delegates certain PBM administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to CaremarkPCS Health, L.L.C., which is a subsidiary of CVS Health Corporation CVS Health ), pursuant to a five-year agreement (the CVS PBM Agreement that is set to terminate on December 31, 2024. With CarelonRx, we retain the responsibilities for clinical and formulary strategy and development, member and employer experiences, operations, sales, marketing, account management and retail network strategy. From December 2009 through December 2019, we delegated certain PBM functions and administrative services to Express Scripts Inc. Express Scripts ). We transitioned existing members from Express Scripts to CarelonRx by January 1, 2020. 
 Other 
 Our Other segment includes our Diversified Business Group, now known as Carelon Services. Business units in Carelon Services offer a broad array of healthcare related services and capabilities to internal and external customers including integrated care delivery, behavioral health, palliative care, utilization management, payment integrity services and subrogation services, as well as health and wellness programs. Key services offered include: 
 Behavioral Health. We provide comprehensive behavioral health management services through clinical and network administration. In a limited capacity, we also provide high-quality, evidence-based behavioral healthcare and counseling services through licensed clinicians in convenient and accessible locations. 
 Care Delivery . We provide highly integrated, personalized care to patients with chronic and complex conditions, whether in their home, care centers, mobile units, skilled nursing facilities, hospitals, or virtually. Additionally, we provide non-hospice, community based palliative care to deliver an extra layer of personalized support and whole-person care. 
 Advanced Analytics and Services. We leverage data, analytics, and insights to help improve outcomes and lower the cost of care, by working to ensure that our members receive safe, appropriate, high-quality, cost-effective care and that our providers are reimbursed accurately and timely. 
 Competition 
 The managed care industry is highly competitive, both nationally and in our local markets. Competition continues to be intense due to aggressive marketing, pricing, bid activity for government-sponsored programs, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, new competitors in the market, a proliferation of new products, technological advancements, the impact of legislative reform, increased quality awareness and price sensitivity among customers and changing market practices, such as increased usage of telehealth. 
 -9- 

We believe that participants in the managed care industry compete for customers based on quality of service, price, access to provider networks, access to care management and wellness programs (including health information), innovation, effective use of digital technology, breadth and flexibility of products and benefits, expertise and reputation (including National Committee on Quality Assurance NCQA accreditation status as well as CMS Star ratings), brand recognition and financial stability. Our ability to attract and retain customers is substantially tied to our ability to distinguish ourselves from our competitors in these areas. 
 We believe our exclusive right to market products under the most recognized brand in the industry, BCBS, in our most significant markets provides us with greater brand recognition over competitive product offerings. Typically, we are the largest participant in each of our BCBS branded markets, and thus are closely-watched by other health benefits companies. 
 Product pricing remains competitive and we strive to price our health benefit products and design our Medicare and Medicaid bids consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. We believe our pricing and bid strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes, has positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available through entry into new markets, expansions in existing markets and as a result of any future changes to the current regulatory scheme. We believe that our pricing and bid strategy, brand name and network quality will provide a strong foundation for membership growth opportunities in the future. 
 Our provider networks give us a highly competitive unit cost position and provide distinctive service levels which allow us to offer a broad range of affordable health benefit products to our customers. To build our provider networks, we compete with other health benefits plans for the best contracts with hospitals, physicians and other providers. We believe that physicians and other providers primarily consider customer volume, reimbursement rates, timeliness of reimbursement and administrative service capabilities along with the reduction of non-value added administrative tasks when deciding whether to contract with a health benefits plan. 
 At the sales and distribution level, we compete for qualified agents and brokers to recommend and distribute our products. Strong competition exists among insurance companies and health benefits plans for agents and brokers with demonstrated ability to secure new business and maintain existing accounts. We believe that the quality and price of our products, support services, reputation and prior relationships, along with a reasonable commission structure, are the factors agents and brokers consider in choosing whether to market our products. We believe that we have good relationships with our agents and brokers, and that our products, support services and commission structure compare favorably to those of our competitors in all of our markets. 
 In addition, the PBM industry is highly competitive, and CarelonRx is subject to competition from national, regional and local PBMs, insurers, health plans, large retail pharmacy chains, large retail stores, supermarkets, mail order pharmacies, web pharmacies and specialty pharmacies. Strong competition within the PBM industry has generated greater demand for lower product and service pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. 
 Pricing and Underwriting of Our Products 
 We price our products based on our assessment of current healthcare claim costs and emerging healthcare cost trends, combined with charges for administrative expenses, risk and profit. We continually review our product designs and pricing guidelines on a national and regional basis so that our products remain competitive and consistent with our profitability goals and strategies. 
 Our revenue on Medicare policies is based on annual bids submitted to CMS. We base the Commercial and Medicaid premiums we charge and our Medicare bids on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period. In applying our pricing to each employer group and customer, we aim to maintain consistent, competitive and disciplined underwriting standards. We employ our proprietary accumulated actuarial and financial data to determine underwriting and pricing parameters for both our risk-based and fee-based businesses. 
 In most circumstances, our pricing and underwriting decisions follow a prospective rating process in which a fixed premium is determined at the beginning of the contract period. For our risk-based business, any deviation, favorable or unfavorable, from the medical costs assumed in determining the premium is our responsibility. Some of our larger groups employ retrospective rating reviews, where positive experience is partially refunded to the group, and negative experience is charged against a rate stabilization fund established from the group s favorable experience or charged against future favorable 
 -10- 

experience. In addition, our ACA and government risk-based contracts may include minimum medical loss ratio, risk adjustment, or risk corridor arrangements, which also stabilize premiums based upon claims experience. 
 Our pharmacy pricing through CarelonRx is presented to market via discounts off the average wholesale price for drugs dispensed through the retail, mail and specialty channels as well as through rebate projections. We utilize group-specific script data, formulary, network and clinical care program selection combined with administrative expense, risk and profit guidance to set market competitive pricing discounts and rebate projections. Pharmacy pricing guidelines guide the underwriting process and undergo an annual external review process to ensure market competitiveness. 
 Networks and Provider Relations 
 Our relationships with physicians, hospitals and professionals that render healthcare services to our members are guided by local, regional and national standards for network development, reimbursement and contract methodologies. While following industry standards, we are simultaneously seeking to lead transformation efforts within our healthcare system, moving from a fragmented model premised on episodic intervention to one based on proactive, coordinated care built around the needs of the patient. A key element of this transformation involves a transition from traditional fee-for-service payment models to models where providers are paid based on the value, both in quality and affordability, of the care they deliver. 
 We establish market-based hospital reimbursement payments that we believe are fair, but aggressive, and among the most competitive in the market. We also seek to ensure that physicians in our network are paid in a timely manner at appropriate rates. In many instances, we deploy multi-year contracting strategies, including case rates or fixed rates, to limit our exposure to medical cost inflation and to increase cost predictability. We maintain both broad and narrow provider networks to ensure member choice, based on both price and access needs, while implementing programs designed to improve the quality of care our members receive. Increasingly, we are supplementing our broad-based networks with smaller or more cost-effective networks that are designed to be attractive to a more price-sensitive customer segment, such as Public Exchange customers. 
 Our reimbursement strategies vary across markets and depend on the degree of consolidation and integration of physician groups and hospitals. Under a fee-for-service reimbursement methodology for physicians, fee schedules are developed at the state level based on an assessment of several factors and conditions, including the CMS resource-based relative value system RBRVS ), medical practice cost inflation and physician supply. We utilize CMS RBRVS fee schedules as a reference point for fee schedule development and analysis. The RBRVS structure was developed, maintained, and updated by CMS and is used by the Medicare program and other major health plans. In addition, we have implemented and continue to expand physician incentive contracting, or pay-for-performance, which ties physician payment levels to performance on clinical measures. 
 While we generally do not delegate full financial responsibility to our physician providers in the form of capitation-based reimbursement, we maintain capitation-based arrangements in certain markets where we determine that market dynamics result in it being a useful method to lower costs and reduce underwriting risk. Our provider engagement and contracting strategies have evolved to include value-based contracting arrangements that meet providers where they are in the movement from traditional fee-for-service to value-based care. These programs are designed to support Commercial, Medicare and Medicaid programs and the unique characteristics of these populations. Our value-based contracting programs are designed to reward our contracted providers for improving the overall quality of care they deliver by adhering to evidence-based medicine. In addition, these value-based contracts also share with the providers total cost of care savings that are achieved by adhering to evidence-based medicine over time. For providers who contract in one of our value-based programs, we work with them to share gaps in care information and other important data to assist them in managing the care of their patients. Often providers will also grant us access to data to support the efficient administration of program components. This data can allow us to more efficiently capture information regarding the risk of our membership and the overall adherence to evidence-based medicine, as well as information to more efficiently perform utilization management administration. 
 Our hospital contracts provide for a variety of reimbursement arrangements depending on local market dynamics and current hospital utilization efficiency. Most hospitals are reimbursed a fixed amount per day or reimbursed a per-case amount, per admission, for inpatient covered services. A small percentage of hospitals, primarily rural, sole community hospitals, are reimbursed on a discount from approved charge basis for covered services. Our per-case reimbursement 
 -11- 

methods utilize many of the same attributes contained in Medicare s Diagnosis Related Groups methodology. Hospital outpatient services are reimbursed by fixed case rates, fee schedules or percent of approved charges. Our hospital contracts recognize unique hospital attributes, such as academic medical centers or community hospitals, and the volume of care performed for our members. To improve predictability of expected costs, we frequently use a multi-year contracting approach with providers. In addition, the majority of our hospital contracts include a pay-for-performance component where reimbursement levels are linked to improved clinical performance, patient safety and medical error reduction. 
 Seasonality 
 We experience seasonality in our Commercial Specialty Business and Government Business segments. While our premium revenues are not seasonal, our benefit costs typically increase during the year as our risk-based members pay their contractual portion of claims responsibility under annual deductibles and reach their out-of-pocket maximum limits. 
 Medical Management Programs 
 We have a broad array of medical management activities that facilitate improvements in the quality of care provided to our members and promote cost-effective medical care. These medical management activities and programs are administered and directed by physicians and nurses with the goal of ensuring that the care delivered to our members is supported by appropriate medical and scientific evidence, is received on a timely basis and occurs in the most appropriate setting. The medical management programs available to our members may vary depending on the particular plan or product in which they participate. 
 Care coordination is one of the strategies we utilize and is based on nationally recognized criteria developed by third-party medical specialists to help coordinate inpatient as well as outpatient care and monitor appropriate utilization of such services. Our case management focuses on identifying membership that will require a high level of intervention and providing assistance to manage their healthcare needs. Precertification is utilized to assess appropriateness of certain hospitalizations and other medical services prior to the services being rendered. Our medical policy committee determines our national policies and guidelines for the application of medical technologies, procedures and services and reviews these policies and guidelines at least once a year or as new published clinical evidence becomes available. We are actively engaged with our hospital and physician networks to enable them to improve medical and surgical care and achieve better outcomes for our members. We also work with outside experts through a process of external review to provide our members scientifically and clinically, evidence-based medical care. Our web-based tools allow our members to obtain or compare cost estimates for care, including out-of-pocket costs. 
 We remain committed to assisting our members in making informed and value-based healthcare decisions, providing for easier navigation of healthcare services and delivering a better healthcare experience. 
 Care Management and Wellness Products and Programs 
 We continue to expand our suite of integrated care management programs and tools. Availability of these programs and tools to our members may depend on the particular plan or product in which they participate. Our care management tools and programs are designed to increase quality and reduce medical costs for our members and help them make better decisions about their well-being as they navigate the healthcare system. Our digital engagement platform, Sydney Health, is designed to give our members access to personalized health and wellness resources; medical, pharmacy, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits details; as well as virtual care services, all in one place. Our care management, infertility services and maternity management programs serve as adjuncts to physician care. Through these programs, medical professionals help to educate participants regarding their care and condition. Our 24/7 NurseLine offers access to qualified, registered nurses to allow our members to make informed decisions about the appropriate level of care and avoid unnecessary worry. Our CareMore subsidiary specializes in whole-person care for members with complex and chronic conditions to improve clinical outcomes and patient wellbeing. Our Aspire Health subsidiary engages with members near-end-of life and/or requiring palliative care to manage serious illnesses and improve quality of life during a difficult time. With our integrated information systems and sophisticated data analytics, we help our members improve their compliance with evidence-based care guidelines, provide personal care notes that alert members to potential gaps in care, enable more prudent healthcare choices and assist in the realization of member out-of-pocket cost savings. Our employee assistance programs provide 24/7 telephonic support for personal and crisis events and provide resources such as counseling and referral assistance with childcare, health and wellness, financial issues, legal issues, adoption and daily living. We have a comprehensive behavioral health case 
 -12- 

management program supporting a wide range of members who are impacted by their behavioral health condition, including specialty areas such as eating disorders, anxiety, depression and substance abuse. The program assists members and their families with obtaining appropriate behavioral health treatment, offering community resources, providing education and telephonic support, and promoting provider collaboration. 
 Healthcare Quality Initiatives 
 Increasingly, the healthcare industry is able to define quality healthcare based on effective, safe, equitable and affordable care in preventive health, outcomes of care and optimal care management for chronic disease. A key to our success has been our ability to develop partnerships by working with our network physicians, hospitals, and social resources providers to improve the quality outcomes of the healthcare and social impact services provided to our members, their families, and the community-at-large. Our ability to promote quality medical care, address health-related social risks, and advance health equity has been recognized by NCQA, the largest and most respected national accreditation program for managed care health plans. 
 Several quality healthcare measures, including the Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set HEDIS ), have been incorporated into NCQA s accreditation processes. HEDIS measures range from preventive services, such as screening mammography and pediatric immunization, to elements of care, including decreasing the complications of diabetes, improving treatment for patients with heart disease, integration of behavioral health, and racial and ethnic stratification measurement to help close healthcare disparities. 
 Through our AIM Specialty Health AIM subsidiary, we promote appropriate, safe and affordable member care in the areas of imaging, sleep disorders, cardiac testing, oncology drugs and musculoskeletal procedures. These expanded specialty benefit management solutions leverage clinical expertise and technology to engage provider communities and members in the more effective and efficient use of outpatient services and to promote the most appropriate use of clinical services to improve the quality of overall healthcare delivered to our members and members of other health plans that are covered under AIM s programs. 
 Through our myNEXUS, Inc. myNEXUS subsidiary, we perform management review for home health services provided to Medicare members, with the goal of ensuring they receive appropriate, high-quality care and supporting their transition back into the home. Effective management of these services can help reduce preventable hospital admissions and readmissions, thereby improving healthcare outcomes for patients. Additionally, myNEXUS has developed programs to address healthcare quality by identifying social determinants of health needs of our members and seeking to close gaps in care through an in-home assessment. Both AIM and myNEXUS programs are examples of how we facilitate improvements in the quality of care provided to our members and promote cost-effective medical care. 
 The physical aspects of health have been traditionally the focus and the priority for healthcare. However, unique life circumstances and experiences impact every individual and their health. We seek to understand our members' health-related social needs to create a healthcare system that synchronizes care delivery for physical, behavioral, social and pharmacy needs. We are advancing our efforts through consistent screening of our members for their social needs by using industry-standard tools such as the Protocol for Responding to Assessing Patients Assets, Risks Experiences, co-creating social action plans with our members, connecting members to related social support services, and evaluating the entire process for continuous quality improvement. We are committed to ensuring that all people, regardless of age, race or ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, and geographic or financial access can receive individualized care. Harnessing data gives a more complete picture of each individual and their health needs and can help make healthcare more personalized and equitable. Strengthening communities has a positive effect on health therefore we value and nurture our local ties which are a key component of our whole-health approach and drive us to work closely with community organizations that create support networks. Using our data, we also identify the resources needed to support local residents, including the people who we serve, to ensure those resources can better meet local needs. 
 BCBSA Licenses 
 We are a party to license agreements with the BCBSA that entitle us to the exclusive, and in certain areas, non-exclusive, use of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks in assigned geographic territories. BCBSA is a national association of independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies, the primary function of which is to promote and preserve the integrity of the BCBS names and marks, as well as provide certain coordination among the member companies. Each BCBSA licensee 
 -13- 

is an independent legal organization and is not responsible for obligations of other BCBSA member organizations. Although previously we did not have a right to sell products and services using the BCBS names and marks outside of the states in which we are licensed to sell BCBS products, under the terms of the subscriber settlement agreement and release Subscriber Settlement Agreement among the class of plaintiffs, BCBSA and Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensees, including us (the Blue plans ), some large national employers with self-funded plans (specifically identified in the Subscriber Settlement Agreement) have a right to request a second Blue plan bid in addition to a bid from the local Blue plan. The Subscriber Settlement Agreement received final approval in August 2022. We are required to pay an annual license fee to the BCBSA based on enrollment and also to comply with various requirements and restrictions regarding our operations and our use of the BCBS names and marks. These requirements and restrictions include, among other things: minimum capital and liquidity requirements; enrollment and customer service performance requirements; participation in programs that provide portability of membership between plans; disclosures to the BCBSA relating to enrollment and financial conditions; disclosures as to the structure of the BCBS system in contracts with third parties and in public statements; plan governance requirements; cybersecurity requirements; a requirement that at least 80 (or, in the case of Blue Cross of California, substantially all) of a licensee s annual combined local net revenue, as defined by the BCBSA, attributable to healthcare plans and related services within its service areas must be sold, marketed, administered or underwritten under the BCBS names and marks; a requirement that neither a plan nor any of its licensed affiliates may permit an entity other than a plan or a licensed affiliate to obtain control of the plan or the licensed affiliate or to acquire a substantial portion of its assets related to licensable services; governance requirements such as a requirement that we divide our Board of Directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; a requirement that we guarantee certain contractual and financial obligations of our licensed affiliates; and a requirement that we indemnify the BCBSA against any claims asserted against it resulting from the contractual and financial obligations of any subsidiary that serves as a fiscal intermediary providing administrative services for Medicare Parts A and B. In addition, a change of control or violation of the BCBSA ownership limitations on our capital stock, impending financial insolvency or the appointment of a trustee or receiver or the commencement of any action against us seeking our dissolution could cause a termination of our license agreements. 
 We believe that we and our licensed affiliates are currently in compliance with these standards. The standards under the license agreements may be modified in certain instances by the BCBSA. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details on the impact if we were not to comply with these license agreements and Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies Litigation and Regulatory Proceedings Blue Cross Blue Shield Antitrust Litigation of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the Subscriber Settlement Agreement. 
 Regulation 
 General 
 Our operations are subject to comprehensive and detailed state, federal and international regulation throughout the jurisdictions in which we do business. These laws and regulations, which can vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, restrict how we conduct our businesses and result in additional burdens and costs to us. Further, federal and state laws and regulations are subject to amendments and changing interpretations in each jurisdiction. The application of these complex legal and regulatory requirements to the detailed operation of our businesses creates areas of uncertainty. In addition, there are numerous proposed healthcare laws and regulations at the federal and state levels, including single payer, Medicare for All and public option proposals, some of which could materially adversely affect our businesses if they were to be enacted. 
 Supervisory agencies, including federal and state regulators and departments of health, insurance and corporation, have broad authority to: 
 grant, suspend and revoke licenses to transact business; 
 regulate our products and services in great detail; 
 regulate, limit, or suspend our ability to market products, including participation in Medicare and the Public Exchanges; 
 determine through a procurement process our ability to participate in certain programs, including state Medicaid programs; 
 -14- 

retroactively adjust premium rates; 
 monitor our solvency and reserve adequacy; 
 audit, and recovery of audit discrepancies, including risk adjustment data validation RADV audits; 
 scrutinize our investment activities on the basis of quality, diversification and other quantitative criteria; and 
 impose monetary and criminal sanctions for non-compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 To carry out these tasks, these government entities periodically examine our operations and accounts. 
 The health benefits business also may be adversely impacted by court and regulatory decisions that expand or invalidate the interpretations of existing statutes and regulations. It is uncertain whether we could recoup, through higher premiums or other measures, the increased costs of mandated benefits or other increased costs caused by potential legislation, regulation or court rulings. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 COVID-19 
 With the declaration of COVID-19 as a public health emergency PHE ), the federal and state governments have enacted, and may continue to enact, legislation and regulations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that have had, and we expect will continue to have, a significant impact on health benefits, consumer eligibility for public programs and our cash flows for all lines of business, and which have introduced increased uncertainty around our cost structure. These actions, which are or have been in effect for various durations, provide, among other things: mandates to waive cost-sharing for COVID-19 testing, vaccines and related services; financial support to healthcare providers; and mandates related to prior authorizations, payment levels to providers, consumer enrollment windows and telehealth services. The Biden administration renewed the PHE on January 11, 2023 and has indicated that they intend for the PHE to expire on May 11, 2023. 
 Under the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 (the 2023 Appropriations Act ), Congress decoupled Medicaid eligibility recertification from the PHE. As a result, states may begin removing ineligible beneficiaries from their Medicaid programs starting April 1, 2023. When recertifications resume, we expect a decline in our Medicaid membership. At the same time, we expect growth in our Commercial risk-based and fee-based plans and Medicare, including through the Public Exchanges, as members exiting Medicaid in our 14 Commercial states seek coverage elsewhere. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act ), which was signed into law in August 2022, contains a variety of provisions that impact our business including an extension of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021's enhanced Premium Tax Credits PTC through 2025; imposing a new corporate alternative minimum tax; providing a one percent excise tax on repurchases of stock made after December 31, 2022; allowing CMS to negotiate prices on a limited set of prescription drugs in Medicare Parts B and D beginning in 2026; instituting caps on insulin cost sharing in Medicare Parts B and D; redesigning of the Medicare Part D benefit; adding a requirement that drug manufacturers pay rebates if prices increase beyond inflation; and delaying the implementation of the Trump Administration Medicare drug rebate rule to 2032. The extension of the enhanced PTC will likely allow for growth in Individual exchange market enrollment as Medicaid eligibility recertifications resume, supporting continuity of coverage for more people. 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 (the 2021 Appropriations Act has impacted us since passage and in the future may have a material effect upon our business, including procedures and coverage requirements related to surprise medical bills and new mandates for continuity of care for certain patients, price comparison tools, disclosure of broker compensation, mental health parity reporting, and reporting on pharmacy benefits and drug costs. The requirements of the 2021 Appropriations Act applicable to us have varying effective dates, some of which were effective in December 2021 and during 2022, and others of which have been extended into 2023 since the enactment of the 2021 Appropriations Act. 
 State Regulation of Insurance Companies and HMOs 
 Our insurance and HMO subsidiaries must obtain a certificate of authority and maintain that license in the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC has adopted model regulations that, where adopted by states, require expanded governance practices, risk and solvency assessment reporting and 
 -15- 

the filing of periodic financial and operating reports. Most states have adopted these or similar measures to expand the scope of regulations relating to corporate governance and internal control activities of HMOs and insurance companies. Health insurers and HMOs are subject to state examination and periodic license renewal. 
 In addition, we are regulated as an insurance holding company and are subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in which our insurance company and HMO subsidiaries are domiciled. These acts contain certain reporting requirements, as well as restrictions on transactions between an insurer or HMO and its affiliates, and may restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding companies. These holding company laws and regulations generally require registration with applicable state departments of insurance and the filing of reports describing capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain intercompany transactions, enterprise risks, corporate governance and general business operations. State insurance holding company laws and regulations require notice or prior regulatory approval of transactions including acquisitions, material intercompany transfers of assets, guarantees and other transactions between the regulated companies and their affiliates, including parent holding companies. Applicable state insurance holding company acts also restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company or HMO without prior regulatory approval. Control is generally defined as the direct or indirect power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person and is presumed to exist if a person directly or indirectly owns or controls 10 or more of the voting securities of another person. Dispositions of control generally are also regulated under the state insurance holding company acts. 
 The states of domicile of our regulated subsidiaries have statutory risk-based capital RBC requirements for health and other insurance companies and HMOs based on the Risk-Based Capital (RBC) For Health Organizations Model Act. These RBC requirements are intended to assess the capital adequacy of life and health insurers and HMOs, taking into account the risk characteristics of a company s investments and products. In general, under these laws, an insurance company or HMO must submit a report of its RBC level to the insurance department or insurance commissioner of its state of domicile for each calendar year. The law requires increasing degrees of regulatory oversight and intervention as a company s RBC declines. As of December 31, 2022, the RBC levels of our insurance and HMO subsidiaries exceeded all applicable mandatory RBC requirements. For more information on RBC capital and additional liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the BCBSA, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Resources , included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Ongoing Requirements and Changes Stemming from the ACA 
 Since its enactment in 2010, the ACA has introduced new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, has impacted our business model and strategy and has required changes in the way our products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. We expect the ACA will continue to significantly impact our business and results of operations, including pricing, minimum medical loss ratios MLRs and the geographies in which our products are available. We also expect further and ongoing regulatory guidance on a number of issues related to Medicare, including evolving methodology for ratings and quality bonus payments. CMS also frequently proposes changes to its program that audits data submitted under the risk adjustment programs in ways that could increase financial recoveries from plans. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ACA as any further developments occur. 
 Certain significant provisions of the ACA include, among others: 
 The creation of Public Exchanges for individuals and small group customers. 
 The establishment of minimum MLR thresholds by line of business for the Commercial market (which may be subject to more restrictive MLR thresholds under state regulations, such as those in New York). Medicare Advantage or Medicare Part D prescription drug plans that do not meet the mandated threshold will have to pay a minimum MLR rebate, will be subject to restricted enrollment if MLR is below the threshold for three consecutive years, and are subject to contract termination if the plan s MLR is below the threshold for five consecutive years. In addition, state Medicaid programs are required to set managed care capitation rates such that a minimum MLR is projected to be achieved; however, states are not required to collect remittances if the minimum MLR is not achieved. 
 Approximately 52.3 and 17.5 of our premium revenue and medical membership, respectively, were subject to the minimum MLR regulations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Approximately 53.6 and 18.4 
 -16- 

of our premium revenue and medical membership, respectively, were subject to the minimum MLR regulations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The creation of an incentive payment program for Medicare Advantage plans. CMS developed the Medicare Advantage Star ratings system, which awards between 1.0 and 5.0 Stars to Medicare Advantage plans based on performance in several categories, including quality of care and customer service. The Star ratings are used by CMS to award quality-based bonus payments to plans that receive a rating of 4.0 or higher. The methodology and measures included in the Star ratings system can be modified by CMS annually. For payment year 2023, we expect to have approximately 73 of our Medicare Advantage members in 4.0 or higher rated plans. 
 The implementation of a Medicare Advantage payment formula, which prevents reimbursement rates from increasing as much as otherwise would be expected. 
 We continue to evaluate our experience in the Public Exchange markets. Based on the viability of the Public Exchanges and availability of federal subsidies, we have made adjustments to our premium rates and geographic participation, including a modest expansion in the Public Exchange markets in 2022 and further expansion into a limited number of additional counties in 2023. Any variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions utilized in setting premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows, and may require further adjustments to our rates and participation going forward. As a result, for 2023 we are offering Individual Public Exchange products in 138 of the 143 rating regions in which we operate, in comparison to 122 of 143 rating regions in 2022. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment and underlying market characteristics. 
 Drug Benefit and Pharmacy Benefit Manager Regulation 
 Pharmacy benefit managers are regulated at both the federal and state levels and must comply with federal and state statutes and regulations governing labeling, packaging, advertising and adulteration of prescription drugs, dispensing of controlled substances and licensing. In recent years the federal government has banned certain business practices, including gag clauses, which prohibited pharmacists from informing patients when a lower cost drug was available as a substitute, and clawbacks, which occurred when pharmacy benefit managers sought to recoup the difference between the reimbursed cost of the drug and the patient s copay when the drug itself was less expensive than the copay paid by the patient. Regulation in the states varies dramatically and ranges from licensure of PBMs as third-party administrators, licensure specifically as a pharmacy benefit manager, and licensure accompanied by additional disclosures and limitations of business practices to varying degrees. The NAIC finalized a PBM model law that, if adopted widely, could result in a more standardized approach to PBM regulation in the states in the future. Additionally, in December 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court let stand an Arkansas law regulating PBMs, which could be a precursor to greater state regulation of PBMs in the future. In June 2021, the NAIC announced a proposed white paper addressing PBMs and examining the impact of this Supreme Court case on its model law, which could result in expansion of the NAIC model law and additional regulatory oversight, which could materially affect current industry practices and our PBM business. 
 A number of proposals are being considered at the federal and state levels that would increase regulation of drug benefits and pharmacy benefit managers. Such proposals under consideration include (1) regulation of rebates from drug manufacturers that would require rebate dollars to be applied at the point-of-sale, (2) federal policy changes to set the prices for a subset of drugs covered under the Medicare program, (3) reforms to the Medicare drug benefit, such as beneficiary cost-sharing changes that aim to lower consumer costs, (4) attempts at both the federal and state levels to prohibit the use of spread pricing contracts in both the Commercial and Medicaid markets, and (5) electronic prior authorizations of drugs. These reforms have the potential to have broad impacts on our PBM business and could materially adversely affect our business if they are enacted. 
 Privacy, Confidentiality and Data Standards Regulation 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA and the administrative simplification provisions of HIPAA impose a number of requirements on covered entities (including insurers, HMOs, group health plans, providers and clearinghouses) and their business associates relating to the use, disclosure and safeguarding of 
 -17- 

protected health information. These requirements include uniform standards of common electronic healthcare transactions; privacy and security regulations; and unique identifier rules for employers, health plans and providers. 
 Also, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health HITECH Act provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and corresponding implementing regulations have imposed additional requirements on the use and disclosure of protected health information such as additional data breach notification and reporting requirements, contracting requirements for HIPAA business associate agreements, strengthened enforcement mechanisms and increased penalties for HIPAA violations. Federal consumer protection laws may also apply in some instances to privacy and security practices related to personally identifiable information. 
 The federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act generally places restrictions on the disclosure of non-public information to non-affiliated third parties, and requires financial institutions, including insurers, to provide customers with notice regarding how their non-public personal information is used, including an opportunity to opt out of certain disclosures. State departments of insurance and certain federal agencies adopted implementing regulations as required by federal law. 
 The Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 encourages organizations to share cyber threat indicators with the federal government and, among other things, directed HHS to develop a set of voluntary cybersecurity best practices for organizations in the healthcare industry, which were issued in 2018. 
 In addition, Public Exchanges are required to adhere to privacy and security standards with respect to personally identifiable information and to impose privacy and security standards that are at least as protective as those the Public Exchange has implemented for itself on insurers offering plans through the Public Exchanges and their designated downstream entities, including pharmacy benefit managers and other business associates. These standards may differ from, and be more stringent than, HIPAA. 
 Furthermore, states have begun enacting more comprehensive privacy laws and regulations addressing consumer rights to data protection or transparency that may affect our privacy and security practices, such as state laws like the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 that govern the use, disclosure and protection of member data and impose additional breach notification requirements. The NAIC is planning potential revisions to one or more of its privacy model acts, which could expand consumer privacy rights. State consumer protection laws may also apply to privacy and security practices related to personally identifiable information, including information related to consumers and care providers. Complying with conflicting cybersecurity regulations and varying enforcement philosophies, which may differ from state to state, requires significant resources and may materially and adversely affect our ability to standardize our products and services across state lines. 
 Federal regulations have been finalized in the following areas that will continue to materially impact our operations: 
 Federal regulations on data interoperability that require claims data to be made available to third parties unaffiliated with us; and 
 Federal regulations requiring hospitals and health insurers to publish negotiated prices for services, including the health plan price transparency regulations issued in October 2020 by the U.S. Departments of Health and Human Services, Labor and Treasury (the Health Plan Transparency Rule ). 
 Beginning in July 2022, the Health Plan Transparency Rule required us to disclose, on a monthly basis, detailed pricing information regarding negotiated rates for all covered items and services between the plan or issuer and in-network providers and historical payments to, and billed charges from, out-of-network providers. Additionally, beginning in 2023, we are now required to make available to members personalized out-of-pocket cost information and the underlying negotiated rates for 500 covered healthcare items and services, including prescription drugs. In 2024, this requirement will expand to all items and services. 
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
 The provision of services to certain employee welfare benefit plans is subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), a complex set of laws and regulations subject to interpretation and enforcement by the Internal Revenue Service and the Department of Labor. ERISA regulates certain aspects of the relationships between us, the employers that maintain employee welfare benefit plans subject to ERISA and participants in 
 -18- 

such plans. Some of our administrative services and other activities may also be subject to regulation under ERISA. In addition, certain states require licensure or registration of companies providing third-party claims administration services for benefit plans. We provide a variety of products and services to employee welfare benefit plans that are covered by ERISA. Plans subject to ERISA can also be subject to state laws, and the question of whether and to what extent ERISA preempts a state law has been, and will continue to be, interpreted by many courts. 
 Guaranty Fund Assessments 
 Under insolvency or guaranty association laws in most states, insurance companies and HMOs can be assessed for amounts paid by guaranty funds for policyholder losses incurred when an insurance company or HMO becomes insolvent. Most state insolvency or guaranty association laws currently provide for assessments based upon the amount of premiums received on insurance underwritten within such state (with a minimum amount payable even if no premium is received). Under many of these guaranty association laws, assessments are made retrospectively. Some states permit insurers or HMOs to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets or through future policyholder surcharges. The amount and timing of any future assessments cannot be predicted with certainty; however, future assessments are likely to occur. 
 International Regulation 
 We have various international subsidiaries, which provide back-office services, that are subject to different, and sometimes more stringent, legal and regulatory requirements that vary widely by jurisdiction. In addition, our non-U.S. operations are subject to U.S. laws regulating the conduct and activities of U.S.-based businesses operating abroad, including but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and corresponding foreign laws governing anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering. 
 Human Capital 
 The foundation of our strategy starts with our culture, and our associates are critical to fulfilling our purpose of improving the health of humanity. As of December 31, 2022, our employee population, including all full-time, part-time and temporary workers, consisted of approximately 102,300 individuals, 79,000 in the United States and 23,300 internationally. We have built a high-performance culture that we believe enhances our ability to deliver on our commitments and guides us to address the challenges of today. We believe that our culture allows us to attract and retain talented and experienced individuals to support the communities we serve. Our associates actively participate through associate engagement surveys and online feedback tools. We leverage and monitor associate feedback and take action on responses. 
 Inclusion Diversity 
 The diversity of our associates is central to achieving key strategies and improving performance. We strive to maintain a diverse and inclusive workforce comprised of a vast array of backgrounds, life experiences and cultures, which we believe enables a deeper connection with our members, allowing us to better serve our members and communities, and drives greater business results. As of December 31, 2022, our U.S. associate population was approximately 77 female and 51 racially and ethnically diverse, while 65 of our managers are female and 36 are racially or ethnically diverse. 
 Fair Pay 
 Elevance Health is committed to a fair pay workplace. We were in the first cohort of companies certified by the Fair Pay Workplace FPW ), an independent certification that takes a holistic approach to pay equity, partnering to design an annual pay equity action plan that includes a perpetual review of all positions, new hires and promotions to effect meaningful and measurable change. This independent certification is based on a set of publicly available rules and standards and the endorsed methodology of a group of leading experts from forward-thinking corporations, academia, human resources, data science and the legal field. After partnering with and overseeing our review process, FPW has validated our analysis of our associate population, which found that pay for females is within 1 of their male counterparts and pay for people of color is equal to their white counterparts, after taking into account neutral job related factors. 
 Talent Development 
 Growing and developing our talent internally is key to our succession plans and our ability to lead at our best every day. To inspire a high-performance culture and promote talent excellence, we offer individual, career and leadership development 
 -19- 

opportunities, encouraging associates to continually learn and grow. We offer various instructor-led and virtual instructor-led programs and maintain a vast curriculum of relevant, on-demand learning and development resources. 
 Health Wellbeing 
 We have the privilege of touching the lives of millions of people each day, starting with the health of our own associates. To improve the health and wellbeing of our associates, we offer a comprehensive compensation package, including competitive salaries, a 401(k) plan and medical, dental, vision and disability coverage. In addition, we offer our associates wellness and behavioral programs and tools to help them get and stay healthy and more easily manage their work and personal lives. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers and Chief Accounting Officer as of February 1, 2023. 
 Name Age Position Gail K. Boudreaux 62 President and Chief Executive Officer John E. Gallina 63 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Peter D. Haytaian 53 Executive Vice President and President, Carelon and CarelonRx Charles M. Kendrick, Jr. 57 Executive Vice President and President, Commercial Specialty Business Division Gloria M. McCarthy 70 Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Felicia F. Norwood 63 Executive Vice President and President, Government Business Division Blair W. Todt 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Ronald W. Penczek 58 Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 
 Ms. Boudreaux has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company since November 2017. Prior to joining us, she served as Chief Executive Officer of GKB Global Health, LLC (healthcare consulting firm) from 2015 to November 2017. Prior thereto, Ms. Boudreaux was Executive Vice President of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (diversified healthcare company) from 2008 to 2015, including roles as Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealthCare (managed healthcare company), a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated from 2011 to 2014 and President of the Commercial Business of UnitedHealthCare from 2008 to 2011. Before joining United HealthCare, she worked at Health Care Service Corporation HCSC (health insurance company) as Executive Vice President of External Operations from 2005 to 2008 and President of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois from 2002 to 2005. Before joining HCSC, Ms. Boudreaux held various positions at Aetna, Inc. Aetna (managed healthcare company), including Senior Vice President, Group Insurance. 
 Mr. Gallina has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2016. Mr. Gallina joined Elevance Health in 1994 and has held a variety of leadership roles across the organization. Prior to his current role, Mr. Gallina served as Elevance Health s Chief Financial Officer for the Commercial Specialty Business Division from 2015 to 2016, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from 2013 to 2015. Other leadership positions held during his tenure include Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Risk Officer from 2011 to 2013, while also holding the title of Controller from 2011 to 2013. Before joining the Company, Mr. Gallina spent 12 years with Coopers Lybrand in various positions, including as an Audit Senior Manager. 
 Mr. Haytaian has served as our Executive Vice President and President of Carelon (formerly known as our Diversified Business Group) and CarelonRx (formerly known as IngenioRx) since October 2021. Prior to his current role, Mr. Haytaian served as Executive Vice President and President of our Commercial Specialty Business Division beginning in April 2018. From June 2014 until April 2018, Mr. Haytaian served as our Executive Vice President and President of the Government Business Division. Mr. Haytaian joined the Company in 2012 with our acquisition of Amerigroup Corporation Amerigroup and served as President of our Medicaid business from 2013 until 2014. From 2005 to 2013, Mr. Haytaian 
 -20- 

held several leadership positions with Amerigroup, including serving as Chief Executive Officer of the North Region for Amerigroup s Medicaid business from 2012 until 2013. Mr. Haytaian has extensive experience leading Medicare and Medicaid programs with Amerigroup and, prior thereto, with Oxford Health Plans, Inc. 
 Mr. Kendrick has served as Executive Vice President and President of our Commercial Specialty Business Division since October 2021. From January 2021 until October 2021, Mr. Kendrick served as President of our Commercial Business West Markets (California, Colorado, Indiana, Kentucky, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio and Wisconsin). Mr. Kendrick joined us in 1995, and has held numerous leadership roles across the organization, including serving as President, Anthem National Accounts/Central Markets from 2015 until January 2021 and President of National Accounts and General Manager for Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Georgia from 2010 until 2015. 
 Ms. McCarthy has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer since 2013. She was Executive Vice President of Enterprise Execution and Efficiency from 2012 to 2013. Prior to that appointment, she served as Senior Vice President for Operational Excellence from 2008 to 2012, as Senior Vice President of Service Operations from 2006 to 2008 and as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of our East Region from 2005 to 2006. Prior to our acquisition of WellChoice, Inc. WellChoice in 2005, Ms. McCarthy served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of WellChoice. 
 Ms. Norwood has served as our Executive Vice President and President of the Government Business Division since June 2018. Prior to joining us, she was Director of The Department of Healthcare and Family Services for the State of Illinois from 2015 to June 2018. Prior to that appointment, Ms. Norwood held a variety of leadership roles at Aetna, with her most recent role as President of the Mid-America Region for Aetna from 2010 until 2013. 
 Mr. Todt has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since November 2020 and our interim head of human resources and global security and safety team since January 2022. Prior to joining us, Mr. Todt served as Senior Vice President, Legal, Compliance Business Performance and Chief Legal Officer of HCSC from 2016 to July 2020. Prior to joining HCSC, Mr. Todt held a variety of leadership roles at WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (health insurance company), with his most recent role as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer and Secretary from 2010 until 2016. 
 Mr. Penczek has served as our Controller since November 2015 and as our Chief Accounting Officer since December 2015. He served as our Vice President and Controller from 2013 to 2015. Prior to that appointment, Mr. Penczek served as Vice President and Assistant Controller from 2008 to 2013 and in various other roles in our finance department from 2006 until 2008. Before joining us in 2005, Mr. Penczek was a Staff Vice President with CNA Insurance from 2000 to 2005 and had various positions with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1992 to 2000, including as a Manager. 
 Available Information 
 We are a large accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) and are required, pursuant to Item 101 of Regulation S-K, to provide certain information regarding our website and the availability of certain documents filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers at www.sec.gov. Our website is www.elevancehealth.com . We have included our website address throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as a textual reference only. The information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available through our website, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the SEC. We also include on our website our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Conduct and the charter of each standing committee of our Board of Directors. In addition, we intend to disclose on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Conduct that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). Elevance Health, Inc. is an Indiana corporation incorporated on July 17, 2001. 
 -21- 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 In evaluating our business, the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, should be carefully considered. Any one or more of such risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price and could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past or anticipated future results of operations and financial condition. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect us. 
 BUSINESS RISKS 
 If we fail to appropriately predict, price for and manage healthcare costs, the profitability of our products and services could decline, which could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our profitability depends on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. Total healthcare costs are affected by the type, number and cost of individual services rendered. Numerous factors affecting healthcare costs may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage healthcare costs, and may impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. These factors include, among others, changes in healthcare practices, demographic characteristics including the aging population, medical cost inflation, increased labor costs, evolution of new technologies, drugs and treatments, increased cost of individual services, increased number and cost of prescription drugs, clusters of high cost cases, increased use of services, including resulting from pandemics, large-scale medical emergencies, increasing natural disasters in connection with climate change and other public health crises, new mandated benefits and treatment guidelines and changes to other regulations impacting our business. 
 Slight differences between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of premium revenues can result in significant changes in our results of operations. Generally, our premiums on Commercial policies and Medicaid contracts are fixed for a 12-month period and are determined based on data from several months prior to the commencement of the premium period. Our revenue from Medicare policies is based on bids submitted to CMS six months prior to the start of the contract year. CMS has explicit gain and loss margin requirements within the bids, as well as contract-specific federal MLR annual requirements. Accordingly, the costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections cannot be recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. Existing Medicaid contract rates are often established by the applicable state, and our actual costs may exceed those rates. Many factors, including those discussed above, may cause actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in our Commercial premiums and Medicare and Medicaid bids. 
 
 Although federal and state premium and risk adjustment mechanisms could help offset health benefit costs above our projections if the assumptions we use to set our premium rates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial condition could still be adversely affected. The reserves that we establish for health insurance policy benefits and other contractual rights and benefits are based on assumptions concerning a number of factors, including trends in healthcare costs, expenses, general economic conditions and other factors. To the extent the actual claims experience is unfavorable compared to our underlying assumptions, our incurred losses would increase and future earnings could be adversely affected. 
 In addition to the challenge of managing healthcare costs, we face pressure to contain premium rates. Our customers may renegotiate their contracts to seek to contain their costs or may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. Further, federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict or prevent entirely our ability to implement changes in premium rates. A limitation on our ability to increase or maintain our premium or reimbursement levels or a significant loss of membership resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We continue to evaluate our experience in the Public Exchange markets. Based on the viability of the Public Exchanges and availability of federal subsidies, we have made adjustments to our premium rates and geographic participation, including a modest expansion in the Public Exchange markets in 2022, and further expansion in a limited number of additional counties in 2023. Any variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions utilized in setting premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows, and may require further adjustments to our rates and participation in Public Exchanges going forward. 
 
 -22- 

A significant reduction in the enrollment in our health benefits programs or PBM products or services, particularly in states where we have large regional concentrations, could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant reduction in the number of enrollees in our health benefits programs or PBM products or services could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Factors that could contribute to a reduction in enrollment include: reductions in workforce by existing customers; the end of the temporary suspension of eligibility recertification for Medicaid recipients in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which will likely result in a reduction in our Medicaid membership; a general economic upturn that results in fewer individuals being eligible for Medicaid programs; a general economic downturn that results in business failures and high unemployment rates; employers no longer offering certain healthcare coverage as an employee benefit or electing to offer coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis; participation on Public Exchanges; federal and state regulatory changes; failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers; premium increases and benefit changes; our exit from a specific market; negative publicity and news coverage; and failure to attain or maintain nationally recognized accreditations. 
 The states in which we operate with the largest concentrations of revenues include California, Virginia, Ohio, New York, Indiana, Texas, Florida and Georgia. Due to this concentration of business in these states, we are exposed to potential losses resulting from the risk of state-specific or regional economic downturns impacting these states. If any such negative economic conditions do not improve, we may experience a reduction in existing and new business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A cyber-attack or other privacy or data security incident could result in an unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, cause a loss of data, disrupt our operations, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal, state and international laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As part of our normal operations, we collect, store, process, retain and analyze certain sensitive and confidential information, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security and data breach notification requirements. Some of the data we process, store and transmit is outside of the U.S. due to the structure of our information technology systems and our internal business operations. We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving federal, state and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of certain sensitive or confidential information, that depending on the specific business and intended data use, include without limitation, HIPAA's privacy and security rules, HIPAA's HITECH rule, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, GDPR and numerous state laws governing personal information, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act effective on January 1, 2023. Our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are regularly the target of, and may be vulnerable to, cyber-attacks, security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and information, or other threats. 
 We cannot ensure that we will be able to identify, prevent or contain the effects of cyber-attacks or other cybersecurity risks that bypass our security measures or disrupt our information technology systems or business. Hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. In addition, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, disrupt or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover or counter them or implement adequate preventative measures. Viruses, worms or other malicious software programs may be used to attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities which may cause system disruptions or shutdowns, or may cause personal, proprietary or confidential information to be disclosed, misappropriated or compromised. As a result, cyber-security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage and unauthorized access remain a priority for us. 
 We have been, and may in the future be, subject to litigation and governmental investigations related to cyber-attacks and security breaches. Any such future litigation or governmental investigation could divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, result in reputational damage and have a material adverse impact on our business, cash 
 -23- 

flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, our programs to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents as well as contingency plans and insurance coverage for potential liabilities of this nature may not be sufficient to cover all claims and liabilities. 
 Noncompliance with any privacy, security or data protection laws and regulations, or any security breach, cyber-attack or cyber-security breach, and any incident involving the misappropriation, theft, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of, or access to, sensitive or confidential information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could require us to expend significant resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures and to remediate any damage. In addition, this could negatively affect our operations, cause system disruptions, damage our reputation, cause membership losses and contract breaches, and could also result in regulatory enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to risks associated with pandemics, like the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other extreme events, large-scale medical emergencies and public health crises, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition and financial performance. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business, providers, customers and communities. A new pandemic or other large-scale medical emergency or public health crisis, referred to collectively as public health crises, may cause illness, death, quarantines, business and school shutdowns, reductions in business activity, travel and financial transactions, unemployment, inflation, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. The following are some of the risks that we experienced, and are likely to continue experiencing, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and that we could experience as a result of future public health crises, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations: 
 Increased healthcare costs due to higher utilization rates of medical facilities and services and behavioral health services, increased labor costs resulting from labor shortages and increases in medical expenses and associated hospital and pharmaceutical costs, including testing, treatment and the administration of vaccines and other therapeutics and costs due to care deferred during the public health crisis, which may lead to additional care resulting from missed treatments. 
 Increased estimation uncertainty on our claims liability, as well as decreased predictability of Medicare and Medicaid rates due to changes in utilization of medical facilities and services, medical expenses and other costs. We experienced rate adjustments from certain Medicaid regulators in 2022 in response to decreased utilization. 
 A reduction in enrollment in our health benefits, products and services or a change in membership mix to less profitable lines of business by existing customers due to reductions in workforce and other impacts of an economic downturn. 
 Cash flow volatility or shortfalls caused by delayed, delinquent or non-collectable payments. 
 If the COVID-19 pandemic continues for a prolonged period, or if any future public health crisis occurs and continues for a prolonged period, these risks could be exacerbated, and cause further impact to our business and operations. 
 Additionally, other extreme events such as natural disasters, war, terrorism and civil unrest could create public health crises or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Natural disasters, such as wildfires, hurricanes and snow and ice storms, have impacted and may in the future impact our customers, employees, facilities and third-party vendors located in the affected area. In the event of a public health crises, we may need to make temporary policy changes, such as waiving various medical requirements, assisting with replacement medications, transferring prescriptions and expanding our help line. Furthermore, climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects, which could have a long-term impact on general economic conditions and the healthcare and pharmacy industry in particular. 
 
 There are various risks associated with participating in Medicare and Medicaid programs, including dependence upon government funding and the timing of payments, compliance with government contracts and increased regulatory oversight. 
 We contract with various federal and state agencies, including CMS, to provide managed healthcare services, such as Medicare Advantage, Medicare Part D, Medicare Supplement, Medicaid, TANF, SPD, LTSS, CHIP, Medicaid expansion programs and various specialty programs, products and services. We also provide various administrative services for other entities offering medical and/or prescription drug plans to their Medicaid or Medicare eligible members, and we offer 
 -24- 

employer group waiver plans which provide medical and/or prescription drug coverage to retirees. We also participate in programs in several states for the care of dual-eligible members. Regulatory reform initiatives or changes in existing laws or regulations applicable to these programs, or their interpretations, are difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenues from the Medicare and Medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government and/or applicable state governments, and base premium rates paid by each state or federal agency differ depending upon a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member s health status, age, gender, county or region, benefit mix, member eligibility category and risk scores. Future rates may be affected by continued government efforts to contain costs and federal and state budgetary constraints. Certain state contracts are subject to cancellation in the event of the unavailability of state funds. Additionally, ongoing CMS system changes related to the data it uses to calculate risk scores in the Medicare Advantage program may impact our federal funding. The federal government or any state in which we operate could decrease rates paid to us, pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, cancel our contracts retroactively or seek an adjustment to previously negotiated rates. In addition, various states Medicare-Medicaid plans are still subject to uncertainty surrounding payment rates and other requirements, which could affect where we seek to participate in these programs. An unexpected reduction in payments, inadequate government funding or significantly delayed payments for these programs may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Other potential risks associated with Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D plans include increased medical or pharmaceutical costs, data corrections identified as a result of ongoing auditing and monitoring activities, potential uncollectability of receivables resulting from processing and/or verifying enrollment, inadequacy of underwriting assumptions, inability to receive and process correct information (including inability due to systems issues by the federal government, the applicable state government or us), uncollectability of premiums from members and limited enrollment periods. Actual results may be materially different than our assumptions and estimates and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our contracts with CMS and state governmental agencies contain certain provisions regarding data submission, risk adjustment, provider network and directory maintenance, quality measures, claims payment, timely and accurate processing of appeals and grievances, oversight of service providers, encounter data, continuity of care, call center performance and other requirements specific to federal and state program regulations. We have been subject in the past, and may again be in the future, to administrative actions, fines, penalties, liquidated damages or retrospective adjustments in payments made to our health plans as a result of a failure to comply with those requirements, which has impacted and in the future could impact our profitability. Due to decreased utilization of medical facilities and services as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced retroactive rate adjustments by certain state Medicaid agencies, and rate adjustments may continue in the future. As members have accessed care during the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced increased difficulty obtaining provider information required by CMS and state governmental agencies and, as a result, may have difficulty meeting these quality measures. Further, our existing CMS or state Medicaid contracts have not always been renewed, we have not always been awarded new contracts as a result of the competitive procurement process, and in some cases we have lost members under existing contracts as a result of a post-award challenge by unsuccessful bidders, each of which could take place again in the future and have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, the Star Rating System utilized by CMS to evaluate Medicare Advantage Plans may have a significant effect on our revenue, as higher-rated plans tend to experience increased enrollment and plans with a Star rating of 4.0 or higher are eligible for quality-based bonus payments and plans with a Star rating of 5.0 can market to and enroll members year-round. If we do not maintain or continue to improve our Star ratings, fail to meet or exceed our competitors Star ratings, or if quality-based bonus payments are reduced or eliminated, we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits that our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect the marketability of our plans, our membership levels, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Similarly, if we fail to meet or exceed any performance standards imposed by state Medicaid programs in which we participate, we may not receive performance-based bonus payments or may incur penalties. 
 In addition, our failure to comply with federal and state healthcare laws and regulations applicable to our participation in Medicaid and Medicare programs, including those directed at preventing fraud, abuse and discrimination, could result in investigations, litigation, fines, restrictions on, or exclusions from, program participation, or the imposition of corporate 
 -25- 

integrity agreements or other agreements with a federal or state governmental agency, any of which could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are periodically subject to government audits, including CMS RADV audits of our Medicare Advantage Plans to validate diagnostic data, patient claims and financial reporting, and audits of our Medicare Part D plans by the Medicare Part D Recovery Audit Contractor RAC ), as well as state Medicaid RAC programs. These audits could result in significant adjustments in payments made to our health plans, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to report and correct errors discovered through our own auditing procedures or during a RADV or RAC audit, or otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in these programs, and on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our Medicare and Medicaid contracts are also subject to various MLR rules, including minimum MLR thresholds, rebate requirements and audits, which could adversely affect our membership and revenues if any of our state Medicare or Medicaid plans do not meet an applicable minimum MLR threshold. If a Medicare Advantage, MMP or Medicare Part D contract pays minimum MLR rebates for three consecutive years, it will become ineligible to enroll new members. If a Medicare Advantage or Medicare Part D contract pays such rebates for five consecutive years, it will be terminated by CMS. 
 A change in our healthcare product mix may impact our profitability. 
 Our healthcare products that involve greater potential risk generally tend to be more profitable than administrative services products and those healthcare products where the employer groups assume the underwriting risks. Individuals and small employer groups are more likely to purchase our higher-risk healthcare products because such purchasers are generally unable or unwilling to bear greater liability for healthcare expenditures. Typically, government-sponsored programs also involve our higher-risk healthcare products. A shift of enrollees from more profitable products to less profitable products could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with hospitals, physicians, PBM service providers and other healthcare providers, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our profitability is dependent in part upon our ability to contract on favorable terms with hospitals, physicians, PBM service providers and supply chain partners and other healthcare providers. These partners may elect not to contract with us, and the failure to secure or maintain cost-effective contracts on competitive terms may result in a loss of membership or higher medical costs, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, consolidation among healthcare providers, Accountable Care Organization practice management companies, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other care providers choose, as well as the ability of larger employers to contract directly with providers, may change the way that these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. Such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which may impact our relationship with these providers or affect the way that we price our products and estimate our costs. Such competition may require us to incur costs to change our operations, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, price transparency initiatives, such as the Health Plan Transparency Rule, may impact our ability to obtain or maintain favorable contract terms. For example, beginning in 2021, hospitals were required to publish online payer-specific negotiated charges for each item or service the hospital provides. 
 Our inability to contract with providers, or if providers attempt to use their market position to negotiate more favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or the inability of providers to provide adequate care, could adversely affect our business. In addition, we do not have contracts with all providers that render services to our members and, as a result, may not have a pre-established agreement about the amount of compensation those out-of-network providers will accept for the services they render. State and federal laws, such as the No Surprises Act, define the compensation that must be paid to out-of-network providers in certain scenarios, and related litigation has lessened the weight of the Qualifying Payment Amount during independent dispute resolution processes, which may result in an increase in rates we must pay to out-of-network providers. Both our lack of contracts with certain providers and the development of new federal and state laws could result in significant litigation or arbitration proceedings, provider attempts to obtain payment from our members for the difference between the amount we have paid and the amount they have charged, or other increases in rates paid to out-of-network providers. 
 -26- 

We are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions. 
 We contract with various third parties to perform certain functions and services and provide us with certain information technology systems. Certain of these third parties provide us with significant portions of our business infrastructure and operating requirements. For example, a single vendor can provide to us a wide range of technology infrastructure services, such as end user (help desk and field support), data center, mainframe, storage and database services and multi-cloud management services, and we are subject to the risks of any operational failure, termination or other restraints in such an arrangement. We could become overly dependent on key vendors, which could cause us to lose core competencies. A termination of our agreements with, or disruption in the performance of, one or more of these service providers could result in service disruptions or unavailability, reduced service quality and effectiveness, increased or duplicative costs or an inability to meet our obligations to our customers. In addition, we may also have to seek alternative service providers, which may be unavailable or only available on less favorable contract terms. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows, financial condition and operating results. 
 Our PBM services business would be adversely affected if we are unable to contract on favorable terms with third-party vendors, including pharmaceutical manufacturers. We delegate certain PBM administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to CVS Health pursuant to the CVS PBM Agreement. If CVS Health fails to provide PBM services as contractually required, we may not be able to meet the full demands of our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. For additional information on the CVS PBM Agreement, see Business Product and Service Descriptions, in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems, or the availability and integrity of our data, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses, including those that we have acquired as a result of our merger and acquisition activities. Our information systems require an ongoing investment, commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems, and development of new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cyber-security risks, changing customer preferences, evolving industry and regulatory standards and legal requirements, including as a result of the ACA, the Health Plan Transparency Rule, the 2021 Appropriations Act and proposed federal data interoperability regulations. In addition, we may obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately. 
 Failure to adequately implement, consolidate, integrate, streamline, maintain and upgrade effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities could result in investigations, audits, fines and penalties, competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors, could divert management s time, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure or disruption of our performance of, or our ability to perform, key business functions, including as a result of the unavailability or cyber-attack of our information technology systems or those of third parties (including cloud service providers), could decrease response times, lower levels of service satisfaction and harm our reputation. Our systems interface with and depend on third-party systems and we could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or these systems fail or experience interruption. Despite our adoption and continued enhancement of business continuity and disaster recovery strategies, there is no guarantee that such efforts will be effective, which could interrupt the functionality of our information technology systems or those of third parties. Our failure to implement adequate business continuity and disaster recovery strategies could significantly reduce our ability to provide products and services to our customers and clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 The volume of health care data generated and the uses of this data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. Our ability to develop, implement, price, support new and existing products and services, provide service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report on our operations depends on the integrity of this data and our information systems. In addition, connectivity amongst technologies is becoming increasingly important, with recent trends bringing greater consumer engagement in healthcare; therefore, the pace at which our customers will need enhanced technologies with sophisticated applications for mobile interfaces will continue to expand. If the information systems we rely upon to run our business were found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to adequately maintain our information systems, security controls and data integrity effectively, we could experience problems in determining medical cost estimates 
 -27- 

and establishing appropriate pricing and reserves, have disputes with customers and providers, face regulatory problems, including sanctions and penalties, incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences, including a decrease in membership. 
 LEGAL, REGULATORY AND PUBLIC POLICY RISKS 
 We are subject to significant government regulation, and changes or proposed changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations and the market price of our securities. 
 We are subject to significant state and federal regulation associated with many aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, licensing, premiums, marketing activities, provider contracting, access and payment standards, and corporate governance and financial reporting matters, as described in greater detail in Part I, Item 1, Business Regulation in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Further, the integration into our business of entities that we acquire, or the expansion of our business into new businesses or jurisdictions, may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us. 
 Changes to existing laws, rules and regulations or judicial interpretation, application or enforcement thereof, or development of new laws, rules, regulatory interpretations or judgments could force us to change how we conduct our business, affect the products and services we offer (and where we offer them), restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our costs, including operating, healthcare technology and administrative costs, restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals and implement changes in premium rates, and require enhancements to our compliance infrastructure and internal controls environment, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. In addition, legislative and/or regulatory policies or proposals that seek to manage the healthcare industry or otherwise impact our business may cause the market price of our securities to decrease, even if such policies or proposals never become effective. In particular, further regulations and modifications to the ACA and federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the ACA could impact the market for our products, federal government funding for various ACA programs, the regulations applicable to us and the fees and taxes payable by us and otherwise affect our business and future operations, some of which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are required to obtain and maintain insurance and other regulatory approvals to market certain of our products and services, to increase prices for certain regulated products and services and to consummate some of our acquisitions and dispositions. Delays in obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals, as well as future regulatory action by state or federal authorities, could have a material adverse effect on the profitability or marketability of our health benefits or managed care products or on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, requirements in the Health Plan Transparency Rule and the 2021 Appropriations Act, such as the price comparison tool, have the potential to increase healthcare costs and our operating costs in order to comply and may impact provider negotiations and market pricing. In addition, changes in government regulations or policies that apply to government-sponsored programs such as Medicare and Medicaid including, among other things, reimbursement levels, eligibility and recertification requirements, benefit coverage requirements and additional governmental participation, could also adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. The annual recertification process for Medicaid recipients was temporarily suspended in response to the COVID-19 pandemic; however, the 2023 Appropriations Act decoupled Medicaid redeterminations from the COVID-19 public health emergency, and states may begin removing ineligible beneficiaries from their Medicaid programs starting April 1, 2023. Where states allow certain programs to expire or have not opted for Medicaid expansion under the ACA, we could experience reduced Medicaid enrollment and reduced growth opportunities. If future modifications to laws and regulations significantly reduce Medicaid enrollment, our Medicaid business will be negatively impacted. 
 
 We have experienced past assessments under state or federal insolvency or guaranty association laws applicable to insurance companies, HMOs and other payers, and may experience assessments in the future if, for example, premiums established by other companies for their health insurance products, including certain long-term care products, are inadequate to cover their costs. Any such assessment could expose us to the risk of paying a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company s claims through state guaranty associations. We are not currently able to estimate our potential financial obligations, losses or the availability of offsets associated with potential guaranty association assessments; however, any significant increase in guaranty association assessments could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 -28- 

We expect state legislatures will continue to focus on healthcare delivery and financing issues, including actions to reduce or limit increases to premium payments, provider billing protections, greater access to care and broader reforms of state health insurance markets. State ballot initiatives could also be put to voters that could materially impair our operating environment. If enacted into law, these state proposals and actions could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, operations or financial condition. 
 Additionally, in the past, Congress has considered, and may consider in the future, various forms of managed care reform legislation which, if adopted, could fundamentally alter the treatment of coverage decisions under ERISA and other laws and could increase our costs, expose us to expanded liability or require us to revise the ways in which we conduct business. There have been legislative attempts to limit ERISA s preemptive effect on state laws and litigants ability to seek damages beyond the benefits offered under their plans. If adopted, such limitations could increase our liability exposure, permit greater state regulation of our operations, and expand the scope of damages, including punitive damages, litigants could be awarded. 
 We are subject to various risks associated with our international operations. 
 As we expand and operate our business outside of the U.S., we are presented with different challenges, including challenges in adapting to new markets, languages, business, labor and cultural practices and regulatory environments. Adapting to these challenges could require us to devote significant senior management attention and other resources. If we are unable to successfully manage our international operations, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In the future, we may acquire or operate new businesses outside of the U.S., increasing our exposure to these risks. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries operate internationally and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or conduct business related to, among other things, local and cross border taxation, intellectual property, investment, management control, labor, anti-fraud, anti-corruption and privacy and data protection, which vary by jurisdiction. In addition, we are subject to U.S. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of U.S.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or employees, restrictions or outright prohibitions on the conduct of our business and significant reputational harm and could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face risks related to litigation. 
 We are, and may in the future be, a party to a variety of legal actions that may affect our business, such as administrative charges before government agencies, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, employee benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims and intellectual property-related litigation. In addition, because of the nature of our business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, administration and offering of our products and services. These could include claims relating to the denial or limitation of health benefits; federal and state false claims act laws; dispensing of drugs associated with our PBM business; professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public; development or application of medical policies and coverage and clinical guidelines; medical malpractice actions; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over reimbursement and contracts; provider tiering programs; narrow networks; termination of provider contracts; the recovery of overpayments from providers; fee-based business; disputes over co-payment calculations; reimbursement of out-of-network claims; the failure to disclose certain business practices; the failure to comply with various state or federal laws, including but not limited to, ERISA and the Mental Health Parity Act; and customer audits and contract performance, including government contracts. These actions or proceedings could result in substantial costs to us, require management to spend substantial time focused on litigation, result in negative media attention, and may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are also involved in, or may in the future be party to, pending or threatened litigation incidental to the business we transact or arising out of our operations, including, but not limited to, breaches of security and violations of privacy requirements, shareholder actions, compliance with federal and state laws and regulations (including qui tam or whistleblower actions), or sales and acquisitions of businesses or assets. From time to time, we are involved as a party in various governmental investigations, audits, reviews and administrative proceedings, including challenges relating to the award of government contracts. These investigations, audits and reviews include routine and special investigations by state 
 -29- 

insurance departments, various federal regulators including CMS and the HHS Office of Inspector General, state attorneys general, the Department of Justice, and various offices of the U.S. Attorney General. Following an investigation, we may be subject to civil or criminal fines, penalties, and other sanctions if we are determined to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations. Liabilities that may result from these actions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Recent court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure for any of these types of claims. In some cases, substantial non-economic (including injunctive relief), treble or punitive damages may be sought. Our international footprint also subjects us to additional potential disputes or differing interpretations related to contractual rights, tax positions, and regulatory oversight. Some liabilities and damages may not be covered by the insurance we carry, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. In addition, insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. Any adverse judgment against us resulting in such damage awards could result in negative publicity and have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 
 There are various risks associated with providing healthcare and other diversified products and services. 
 We continue to evolve our business to offer products and services beyond traditional health insurance, including digital health technology, pharmacy, behavioral and clinical care services, which subjects us to litigation and regulatory risks that are different from our traditional product and services offerings and may materially affect our exposure to other risks. 
 The direct provision of healthcare services by certain of our subsidiaries involves risks of additional litigation brought against us or our associates for alleged malpractice or professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services. In addition, liability may arise from maintaining healthcare premises that serve the public. Behavioral health services may also raise the risk profile of our business given the critical and sensitive nature of the services provided. In addition, we are, to a certain extent, self-insured with regard to litigation risks, including claims of medical malpractice against our affiliated physicians and us, and it is possible that the level of actual losses will significantly exceed the liabilities recorded for our estimates of the probable costs resulting from self-insured matters. The defense of any actions may result in significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain adequate insurance coverage for these liabilities, or if such insurance is not available, the resulting costs could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. As we become more involved in direct care delivery and the provision of other services, such as crisis management services, there will be an increased possibility of litigation. 
 
 Additionally, many states in which certain of our subsidiaries operate limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals. Business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians, and we are not licensed to practice medicine. Rules and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary from state to state, and any enforcement actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance with these rules and regulations could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Further, in certain states we are required to use professional corporations that are not affiliates, which exposes us to risk in the event the physician owners of those professional corporations take actions that are in breach of the contractual obligations that exist between us. 
 
 Our PBM services business and related operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that are in addition to those we face in our core healthcare business. 
 We provide PBM services through our CarelonRx business and are responsible to regulators and our customers for the delivery of those PBM services that we contract to provide. Our PBM services business is subject to the risks inherent in the dispensing, packaging, fulfillment and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products, including exposure to liabilities and reputational harm related to purported dispensing and other operational errors by us or our PBM services suppliers. Any failure by us or one of our PBM services suppliers to adhere to the laws and regulations applicable to the dispensing of pharmaceuticals could subject our PBM business to civil and criminal penalties. 
 Our PBM services business is subject to federal and state laws and regulations that govern its relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies and customers, including without limitation, federal and state anti-kickback laws, beneficiary inducement laws, consumer protection laws, ERISA, HIPAA and laws related to the operation of internet and mail-service pharmacies, as well as an increasing number of licensure, registration and other laws and accreditation standards that impact the business practices of a PBM services business. In addition, the PBM services business 
 -30- 

and the practice of pharmacy are subject to federal and state laws and regulations, including those of state boards of pharmacy, individual state-controlled substance authorities, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Also, we and our third-party vendors are subject to registration requirements and state and federal laws concerning labeling, packaging, advertising, handling and adulteration of prescription drugs and dispensing of controlled substances. Noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations by us or our third-party vendors could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and reputation. 
 Federal and state legislatures and regulators also regularly consider new laws and regulations and changes to existing regulations and policies for the industry that could materially affect current industry practices and our business, including the regulation implemented by HHS in November 2020 related to drug manufacturer rebates, spread pricing contract arrangements, the pricing of pharmaceuticals, the 2021 Appropriations Act and potential new regulations regarding rebates, fees from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies and other utilization management tools, the use of average wholesale prices or other pricing benchmarks, pricing for specialty pharmaceuticals, limited access to networks and pharmacy network reimbursement methodologies and reporting requirements. Recent case law, such as the 2020 U.S. Supreme Court reinstatement of an Arkansas law regulating PBMs, as well as industry publications like the 2021 NAIC white paper on the topic, may increase and impact greater state regulation of PBMs. 
 We are a party to license agreements with the BCBSA that entitle us to the exclusive and, in certain areas, non-exclusive use of the BCBS names and marks in our geographic territories. The termination of these license agreements or changes in the terms and conditions of these license agreements could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our license agreements with the BCBSA contain certain requirements and restrictions regarding our operations and our use of the BCBS names and marks, and failure to comply with those requirements could result in a termination of the license agreements. The license agreements may be modified by the BCBSA, which could have a material adverse effect on our future expansion plans or results of operations. Further, BCBS licensees have certain requirements to perform administrative services for members of other BCBS licensees. As of December 31, 2022, we provided services to approximately 33 million Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield enrollees. If we or another BCBS licensee are not in compliance with all legal requirements or are unable to perform administrative services as required, this could have an adverse effect on our members and our ability to maintain our licenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Upon the occurrence of an event causing termination of the license agreements, we would no longer have the right to use the BCBS names and marks or to sell BCBS health insurance products and services in one or more of our service areas. Furthermore, the BCBSA would be free to issue a license to use the BCBS names and marks in these service areas to another entity. Our existing BCBS members would be provided with instructions for obtaining alternative products and services licensed by the BCBSA. We believe that the BCBS names and marks are valuable identifiers of our products and services in the marketplace. 
 Upon termination of either license agreement, the BCBSA would have the right to impose a Re-establishment Fee upon us, which would be used in part to fund the establishment of a replacement Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensee in the vacated service area. The fee is set at 98.33 per licensed enrollee. If the Re-establishment Fee was applied to our total Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield enrollees of approximately 33 million as of December 31, 2022, we would be assessed approximately 3 billion by the BCBSA. As a result, termination of the license agreements would have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. For more information on the BCBSA license agreements, including requirements, restrictions and termination events set forth in these license agreements, see Part I, Item 1, Business BCBSA Licenses of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Indiana law, other applicable laws, our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and provisions of our BCBSA license agreements may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interest. 
 Indiana law, other applicable laws and regulations and provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. For instance, they may prevent our shareholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common 
 -31- 

stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context or adversely affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our stock. 
 The insurance holding company system acts and certain health statutes of the states in which our insurance company or HMO subsidiaries are regulated restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company or HMO without prior regulatory approval. Further, the Indiana Business Corporation Law contains business combination provisions that, in general, prohibit for five years any business combination with a beneficial owner of 10 or more of our common stock unless the holder s acquisition of the stock was approved in advance by our Board of Directors. 
 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. Our articles of incorporation provide that no person may beneficially own shares of voting capital stock beyond specified ownership limits, except with the prior approval of a majority of the continuing directors. The ownership limits, which may not be exceeded without the prior approval of the BCBSA, are the following: (1) for any institutional investor (as defined in our articles of incorporation), one share less than 10 of our outstanding voting securities; (2) for any non-institutional investor (as defined in our articles of incorporation), one share less than 5 of our outstanding voting securities; and (3) for any person, one share less than the number of shares of our common stock or other equity securities (or a combination thereof) representing a 20 ownership interest in us. 
 In addition, our articles of incorporation and bylaws: divide our Board of Directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms (which is required by our license agreements with the BCBSA); permit our Board of Directors to determine the terms of and issue one or more series of preferred stock without further action by shareholders; restrict the maximum number of directors and the ability to increase that number; limit the ability of shareholders to remove directors; impose restrictions on shareholders ability to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; impose advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at meetings of shareholders; prohibit shareholders from amending certain provisions of our bylaws; and impose restrictions on who may call a special meeting of shareholders. 
 The health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which can arise from, among other things, increases in premium rates, industry consolidation, cost of care initiatives and debate around existing or proposed legislation. Negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by limiting our ability to market or provide our products and services, requiring us to change our products and services, or increasing the regulatory oversight under which we operate. In addition, any negative publicity concerning the BCBSA or other BCBSA licensees may adversely affect us and the sale of our health benefits products and services. Negative public perception or publicity of the health benefits industry in general, the BCBSA, other BCBSA licensees, or us or our key vendors could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 STRATEGIC RISKS 
 We face competition in many of our markets, and if we fail to adequately adapt to changes in our industry and develop and implement strategic growth opportunities, our ability to compete and grow may be adversely affected. 
 As a health benefits company, we operate in a highly competitive industry that is subject to significant changes from and competition due to legislative reform, business consolidations, new strategic alliances, new market entrants, aggressive marketing practices, technological advancements and changing market practices such as increasing usage of telehealth. We also must respond to pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and potentially disruptive new entrants in the Public Exchanges and in our other lines of business. These factors have produced and will continue to produce significant pressures on our profitability and membership. Furthermore, decisions to buy our products and services are increasingly made or influenced by consumers, through means such as direct purchasing (for example, Medicare Advantage plans) and insurance exchanges that allow individual choice, or by large employers that may increasingly have the ability to contract directly with providers. To compete effectively under these unique market pressures in the consumer-driven marketplace, we will be required to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. 
 -32- 

In addition, the PBM industry is highly competitive, and CarelonRx is subject to competition from national, regional and local PBMs, other insurers, health plans, large retail pharmacy chains, large retail stores, supermarkets, mail order and web pharmacies, discount cards and specialty pharmacies. Strong competition within the PBM business has generated greater demand for lower product and service pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. Our inability to maintain positive trends, contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers for, among other things, rebates, discounts and administrative fees or a failure to identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing pressures, could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain customers, negatively impact our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, legislative reforms such as the regulation recently issued by HHS related to rebates and the 2021 Appropriations Act, which requires reporting of plan spending, the cost of plan pharmacy benefits, enrollee premiums and any manufacturer rebates received by the plan or issuer, may adversely affect our competitive position, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In order to profitably grow our business in the future, we need to not only grow our profitable medical membership, but also continue to diversify our sources of revenue and earnings, including through the increased sale of our stand-alone PBM and other Carelon services, specialty products, such as dental, vision and other supplemental products, expansion of products, expansion of our non-insurance assets and establishment of new cost of care solutions, including innovations in PBM and health services. If we are unable to acquire or develop and successfully manage new opportunities that further our strategic objectives and differentiate our products and services from our competitors, our ability to profitably grow our business could be adversely affected. 
 We are currently dependent on the non-exclusive services of independent agents and brokers in the marketing of our healthcare products, particularly with respect to individuals, seniors and certain group customers. We face intense competition for the services and allegiance of these independent agents and brokers, who may also market the products of our competitors. Our relationship with our brokers and independent agents could be adversely impacted by changes in our business practices to address legislative changes, including potential reductions in commissions and consulting fees paid to agents and brokers. We cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors for these services or that competitive pressures faced by us will not materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 For additional information, see Business Competition in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances and investments, and although we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future, we are subject to risks resulting from such business combinations. 
 The following are some of the risks associated with mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic alliances and investments, referred to collectively as business combinations, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations: 
 some business combinations may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flow, business opportunities, synergies, growth prospects or other anticipated benefits; 
 we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us, or which were underestimated, and which could lead to legal challenges, investigations and enforcement actions, and we may not be able to adequately recover from sellers or insurance carriers for such assumed liabilities; 
 we may experience difficulties in integrating business combinations, including into our internal control environment and culture, be unable to integrate business combinations successfully or as quickly as expected and be unable to realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner or at all; 
 business combinations and proposed business combinations that are not completed could disrupt our ongoing business, lead to the incurrence of significant fees, distract management, result in the loss of key employees, divert resources, result in tax costs or inefficiencies and make it difficult to maintain our current business standards, controls, information technology systems, policies and procedures; 
 we may finance future business combinations by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price, which could dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders; 
 we may compete with other firms, some of which may have greater financial and other resources, to acquire attractive companies; 
 -33- 

we may experience disputes with or competition from our partners or former partners in our strategic alliances, investments and joint ventures, which could result in litigation or a loss of business; and 
 future business combinations may make it difficult to comply with the requirements of the BCBSA and lead to a risk that our BCBSA license agreements may be terminated. 
 We face intense competition to attract and retain employees. Further, managing key executive succession and retention is critical to our success. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees, including those with diverse backgrounds, experience and skill sets, to operate and expand our business. We face intense competition for experienced and highly skilled employees, and we may be unable to attract and retain such employees or competition among potential employers may result in increasing salaries. Adverse changes to our corporate culture could harm our business operations and our ability to retain key employees and executives. An inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, if we are unable to attract, retain and effectively manage the succession plans for key employees and executives, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, our business, results of operations and future performance could be adversely affected. We may have difficulty in replacing key executives because of the limited number of qualified individuals with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand our business. The succession plans we have in place for members of our senior management and employment arrangements with certain key executives do not guarantee that the services of our senior executives will continue to be available to us or that we will be able to attract, transition and retain suitable successors. 
 Restrictions on our ability to obtain funds from our regulated subsidiaries could limit our ability to repurchase shares, pay dividends and meet our obligations and materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a holding company, we are dependent on dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries. Among other restrictions, state insurance and HMO laws restrict the ability of most of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. In some states, we have made special undertakings that may further limit the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. Our ability to repurchase shares, pay dividends to our shareholders and meet our obligations, including paying operating expenses and debt service on our outstanding and future indebtedness, will depend upon the receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. An inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends in the future in an amount sufficient for us to meet our financial obligations may materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, most of our regulated subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital requirements and periodic financial reporting that require them to report their results of risk-based capital calculations to the departments of insurance and the NAIC. Failure to maintain these minimum standards could subject our regulated subsidiaries to corrective action, including state supervision or liquidation. We are also a party to license agreements with the BCBSA which contain additional minimum capital and liquidity requirements. Changes to existing minimum capital requirements could further restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends and adversely affect our business. 
 Our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state laws and regulations that require diversification of their investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain investment categories. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations might cause investments exceeding regulatory limitations to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring statutory surplus and risk-based capital, and in some instances, require the sale of those investments. 
 We have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could adversely affect our ability to pursue desirable business opportunities and to react to changes in the economy or our industry. 
 Our debt service obligations require us to use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal on debt instead of for other corporate purposes, including funding future expansion. We are exposed to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate indebtedness. Increases in interest rates have increased our cost of borrowing, and volatility in U.S. and global financial markets could impact our access to, or further increase the cost of, financing. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to service our debt obligations, we may be forced to seek extraordinary dividends from our subsidiaries, sell 
 -34- 

assets, seek additional equity or debt capital or restructure our debt. However, these measures might be unsuccessful or inadequate to meet scheduled debt service obligations or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 We may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. Our breach or failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit facilities or other indebtedness. If we default under our credit agreement, the lenders could cease to make further extensions of credit or cause all of our outstanding debt obligations under our credit agreement to become immediately due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If the indebtedness under our notes or our credit agreement or our other indebtedness is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Claims-paying ability, financial strength and debt ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance and health benefits companies. We believe our strong credit ratings are an important factor in marketing our products to customers. In addition, if our credit ratings are downgraded or placed under review, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs. Each of the ratings organizations reviews our ratings periodically, and there can be no assurance that our current ratings will be maintained in the future. 
 The value of our intangible assets may become impaired. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 35 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, representing 34 of our total consolidated assets. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets for potential impairment, using assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units. Estimated fair values might be significantly different if other reasonable assumptions and estimates were to be used. If estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives in future impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income. 
 The value we place on intangible assets may be adversely impacted if existing or future business combinations fail to perform in a manner consistent with our assumptions. In addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. Further, the estimated value of our reporting units may be impacted because of business decisions we make associated with any future changes to laws and regulations, which could unfavorably affect the carrying value of certain goodwill and other intangible assets and result in impairment charges in future periods. Any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially affect our results of operations and shareholders equity which could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants. 
 The value of our investments is influenced by varying economic and market conditions, and a decrease in value may result in a loss charged to income. 
 We maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. As a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have a negative adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Changes in the economic environment, including periods of increased volatility in the securities markets such as those experienced in connection with COVID-19 and recent increases in inflation and interest rates, can increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment and increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets. There is continuing risk that declines in the fair value of our investments may occur and material impairments may be charged to income in future periods, resulting in recognized losses. 
 -35- 

GENERAL RISKS 
 We also face other risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, which include: 
 adverse securities and credit market conditions, which could impact our ability to meet liquidity needs; 
 any requirement to restate financial results in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles; 
 changes in tax laws and regulations or changes in the interpretation of tax laws and regulations by governmental authorities that could impact the future value of our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, or result in significant one-time charges in the current or future taxable years; 
 a significant failure of our internal control over financial reporting; 
 failure of our prevention and control systems related to employee compliance with internal policies, including data security and data privacy; 
 provider fraud that is not prevented or detected and impacts our medical costs or those of self-insured customers; 
 failure to protect our proprietary information and other sensitive data; and 
 failure of our corporate governance policies or procedures. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 We lease our principal executive offices located at 220 Virginia Avenue, Indianapolis, Indiana. In addition to this location, we have operating facilities located in each state where we operate as licensees of the BCBSA, in each state where Amerigroup conducts business and in certain other states and countries where our other subsidiaries operate. A majority of these locations are also leased properties. Our facilities support our various business segments. We modified certain of our workforce practices in 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including having the majority of our workforce work remotely. In the third quarter of 2020, our management introduced enterprise-wide initiatives to streamline our operations and optimize our business, including a reduction of our office space footprint. In 2021 and 2022, we identified additional reductions of office space. We believe that our properties are adequate and suitable for our business as presently conducted; however, we are continuing to evaluate our real estate strategy in response to the changing needs of our in-office, hybrid and remote workforce. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 For information regarding our legal proceedings, see Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation and Regulatory Proceedings, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 -36- 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, is listed on the NYSE under the symbol ELV. 
 Holders 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were 50,958 shareholders of record of our common stock. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this Item concerning securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is set forth in Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table presents information related to our repurchases of common stock for the periods indicated in millions, except share and per share data ): 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 1 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 per Share 
 Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased as 
 Part of 
 Publicly 
 Announced 
 Programs 2 
 Approximate 
 Dollar Value 
 of Shares that 
 May Yet Be 
 Purchased 
 Under the 
 Programs 
 October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 432,338 481.70 431,325 2,236 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 434,076 503.80 433,418 2,017 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 278,961 511.26 276,308 1,876 1,145,375 1,141,051 
 1 Total number of shares purchased includes 4,324 shares delivered to or withheld by us in connection with employee payroll tax withholding upon exercise or vesting of stock awards. Stock grants to employees and directors and stock issued for stock option plans and stock purchase plans in the consolidated statements of shareholders equity are shown net of these shares purchased. 
 2 Represents the number of shares repurchased through the common stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors, which the Board evaluates periodically. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 4,834,939 shares at an aggregate cost of 2,316 under the program, including the cost of options to purchase shares. The Board of Directors has authorized our common stock repurchase program since 2003. On January 24, 2023, our Audit Committee, pursuant to authorization granted by the Board of Directors, authorized a 5,000 increase to our common stock repurchase program. No duration has been placed on our common stock repurchase program, and we reserve the right to discontinue the program at any time. 
 -37- 

Performance Graph 
 The following Performance Graph and related information compares the cumulative total return to shareholders of our common stock for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return over such period of (i) the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (the S P 500 Index and (ii) the Standard and Poor s 500 Health Care Index (the S P 500 Health Care Index ). We have also included the Standard Poor s Managed Health Care Index (the S P Managed Health Care Index that we have compared ourselves to in prior years. We believe the S P 500 Health Care Index provides for a more meaningful comparison as it contains a more comprehensive list of companies in the healthcare industry than the previous S P Managed Health Care Index. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 in each of our common stock and these indices (and the reinvestment of all dividends). 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based on historical data, and we caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not indicative of, and is not intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. Information used in the graph was obtained from S P Global Market Intelligence, a source believed to be reliable, but we are not responsible for any errors or omissions in such information. The following graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting materials or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 
 December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Elevance Health, Inc. 100 118 137 148 216 242 S P 500 Index 100 96 126 149 192 157 S P 500 Health Care Index 100 106 129 146 184 180 S P Managed Health Care Index 100 111 133 154 218 234 
 Based upon an initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 with dividends reinvested. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 -38- 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 (In Millions, Except Per Share Data or As Otherwise Stated Herein) 
 On May 18, 2022, our shareholders approved a proposal to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation to change our name from Anthem, Inc. to Elevance Health, Inc. This amendment and name change went into effect on June 27, 2022. We began operating as Elevance Health, Inc. and trading under our new ticker symbol ELV on June 28, 2022. References to the terms we, our, us, Elevance Health or the Company used throughout this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A refer to Elevance Health, Inc., an Indiana corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its direct and indirect subsidiaries. References to the states include the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 This MD A should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. A detailed discussion of 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Overview 
 Elevance Health is a health company with the purpose of improving the health of humanity. We are one of the largest health insurers in the United States in terms of medical membership, serving approximately 47.5 million medical members through our affiliated health plans as of December 31, 2022. We are an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA ), an association of independent health benefit plans. We serve our members as the Blue Cross licensee for California and as the Blue Cross and Blue Shield BCBS licensee for Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine, Missouri (excluding 30 counties in the Kansas City area), Nevada, New Hampshire, New York (in the New York City metropolitan area and upstate New York), Ohio, Virginia (excluding the Northern Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C.) and Wisconsin. In a majority of these service areas, we do business as Anthem Blue Cross, Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield, and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield or Empire Blue Cross. In addition, we conduct business through arrangements with other BCBS licensees as well as other strategic partners. Through our subsidiaries, we also serve customers in numerous states across the country as AIM Specialty Health, Amerigroup, Aspire Health, Beacon, CareMore, Freedom Health, HealthLink, HealthSun, MMM, Optimum Healthcare, Simply Healthcare, Unicare and/or Wellpoint. We offer pharmacy benefits management PBM services through our CarelonRx, Inc. CarelonRx subsidiary, which was known as IngenioRx, Inc. prior to January 1, 2023. We are licensed to conduct insurance operations in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico through our subsidiaries. 
 As part of our name change to Elevance Health, in June 2022, we announced that over the next several years we will organize our brand portfolio into the following core go-to-market brands: 
 Anthem Blue Cross/Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield represents our existing Anthem-branded and affiliated Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensed plans; 
 Wellpoint we intend to unite select non-BCBSA licensed Medicare, Medicaid and Commercial plans under the Wellpoint name; and 
 Carelon this brand brings together our healthcare-related services and capabilities, including our formerly named Diversified Business Group and IngenioRx businesses, under a single brand name. 
 In 2022, we managed our operations by customer type through four reportable segments: Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business, CarelonRx (formerly known as IngenioRx) and Other. As we continue our journey to evolve our business from a traditional health insurance company into a lifetime, trusted health partner, we are evaluating and making changes to how we manage our business. This included a review of the products in each of our operating segments, which resulted in restructurings between some of our operating segments. Therefore, our reportable segment presentation in 2023 
 -39- 

and its composition will reflect how we began managing our operations and monitoring performance, aligning strategies and allocating resources on January 1, 2023. As a result of these changes, beginning with our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2023, we will report our results in the following four reportable segments: (i) Health Benefits, which will combine our existing Commercial Specialty Business and Government Business segments; (ii) our existing CarelonRx segment; (iii) Carelon Services (our former Diversified Business Group), which will be carved out from our existing Other segment; and (iv) Corporate and Other, which will include businesses that do not individually meet the quantitative thresholds for an operating segment, as well as corporate expenses not allocated to our other reportable segments. We expect to reclassify previously reported information to conform to the new presentation. 
 Our results of operations discussed throughout this MD A are determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). We also calculate operating gain and operating margin to further aid investors in understanding and analyzing our core operating results. Operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expense. Operating margin is calculated as operating gain divided by operating revenue. Our definition of operating gain and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We use these measures as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, forecasting future operating periods and setting incentive compensation targets. This information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income before income tax expense, net income or fully-diluted earnings per share EPS prepared in accordance with GAAP. For additional details on operating gain, see our Reportable Segments Results of Operations discussion included in this MD A. For a reconciliation of reportable segment operating revenue to the amounts of total revenue included in the consolidated statements of income and a reconciliation of reportable segment operating gain to income before income tax expense, see Note 20, Segment Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our operating revenue consists of premiums, product revenue, and administrative fees and other revenue. Premium revenue is generated from risk-based contracts where we indemnify our policyholders against costs for covered health and life insurance benefits. Product revenue represents services performed by CarelonRx for unaffiliated PBM customers and includes ingredient costs (net of any rebates or discounts), including co-payments made by or on behalf of the customer, and administrative fees. Unaffiliated PBM customers include our fee-based groups that contract with CarelonRx for PBM services and external customers outside of the health plans we own. Administrative fees and other revenue come from fees from our fee-based customers for the processing of transactions or network discount savings realized, revenues from our Medicare processing business and revenues from other health-related businesses, including care management programs and miscellaneous other income. 
 Our benefit expense primarily includes costs of care for health services consumed by our risk-based members, such as outpatient care, inpatient hospital care, professional services (primarily physician care) and pharmacy benefit costs. All four components are affected both by unit costs and utilization rates. Unit costs include the cost of outpatient medical procedures per visit, inpatient hospital care per admission, physician fees per office visit and prescription drug prices. Utilization rates represent the volume of consumption of health services and typically vary with the age and health status of our members and their social and lifestyle choices, along with clinical protocols and medical practice patterns in each of our markets. A portion of benefit expense recognized in each reporting period consists of actuarial estimates of claims incurred but not yet paid by us. Any changes in these estimates are recorded in the period the need for such an adjustment arises. While we offer a diversified mix of managed care products and services through our managed care plans, our aggregate cost of care can fluctuate based on a change in the overall mix of these products and services. Our managed care plans include: Preferred Provider Organizations; Health Maintenance Organizations; Point-of-Service plans; traditional indemnity plans and other hybrid plans, including Consumer-Driven Health Plans; and hospital only and limited benefit products. 
 We classify certain quality improvement costs as benefit expense. Quality improvement activities are those designed to improve member health outcomes, prevent hospital readmissions and improve patient safety. They also include expenses for wellness and health promotion provided to our members. These quality improvement costs may be comprised of expenses incurred for: (i) medical management, including care coordination and case management; (ii) health and wellness, including disease management services for such conditions as diabetes, high-risk pregnancies, congestive heart failure and asthma management and wellness initiatives like weight-loss programs and smoking cessation treatments; and (iii) clinical health policy, such as identification and use of best clinical practices to avoid harm, identifying clinical errors and safety concerns, and identifying potential adverse drug interactions. 
 -40- 

Our cost of products sold represents the cost of pharmaceuticals dispensed by CarelonRx for our unaffiliated PBM customers (net of rebates or discounts), including any co-payments made by or on behalf of the customer, per-claim administrative fees for prescription fulfillment and certain direct costs related to sales and administration of customer contracts. 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist of fixed and variable costs. Examples of fixed costs are depreciation, amortization and certain facilities expenses. Certain variable costs, such as premium taxes, vary directly with premium volume. Commission expense generally varies with premium or membership volume. Other variable costs, such as salaries and benefits, do not vary directly with changes in premium but are more aligned with changes in membership. The acquisition or loss of a significant block of business would likely impact staffing levels and thus, associated compensation expense. Other variable costs include professional and consulting expenses and advertising. Other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation and changes in productivity. 
 Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management and health and wellness programs, innovative product design and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Star ratings. Several economic factors related to healthcare costs, such as regulatory mandates of coverage as well as direct-to-consumer advertising by providers and pharmaceutical companies, have a direct impact on the volume of care consumed by our members. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, the impact of epidemics and pandemics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 We intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as provide us access to new and evolving technologies and products. In addition, we believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We use our subsidiary CarelonRx (formerly IngenioRx) to market and offer PBM services, and we expect CarelonRx to continue to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. We continued growing our government-sponsored business through organic growth and the acquisitions of MMM Holdings, LLC MMM in 2021 and Integra MLTC, Inc. Integra in 2022. In all other markets, we intend to maintain our position by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high-quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks. 
 For additional information about our business and reportable segments, see Part I, Item 1, Business and Note 20, Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 COVID-19 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, putting pressure on the healthcare system, and it has impacted, and may continue to impact, our membership, benefit expense and member behavior. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on future developments, which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic as well as resulting legislative and regulatory changes to manage our response and assess and mitigate potential adverse impacts to our business. For additional discussion regarding the impact of and our risks and trends related to the COVID-19 pandemic, see Business Trends and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Business Trends 
 In 2022, we made the decision to modestly expand our participation in the Individual state- or federally-facilitated marketplaces (the Public Exchange for 2023 after also expanding in 2022. As a result, for 2023 we are offering Individual Public Exchange products in 138 of the 143 rating regions in which we operate, in comparison to 122 of 143 rating regions in 2022. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level 
 -41- 

of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment and underlying market characteristics. Changes to our business environment are likely to continue as elected officials at the national and state levels continue to enact, and both elected officials and candidates for election continue to propose, significant modifications to existing laws and regulations, including changes to taxes and fees. In addition, the continuing growth in our government-sponsored business exposes us to increased regulatory oversight. 
 Our CarelonRx subsidiary markets and offers PBM services to our affiliated health plan customers throughout the country, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. Our comprehensive PBM services portfolio includes features such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, a prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. CarelonRx delegates certain PBM administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to CaremarkPCS Health, L.L.C., which is a subsidiary of CVS Health Corporation, pursuant to a five-year agreement that is set to terminate on December 31, 2024. With CarelonRx, we retain the responsibilities for clinical and formulary strategy and development, member and employer experiences, operations, sales, marketing, account management and retail network strategy. 
 Pricing Trends: We strive to price our health benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends. We continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic (including new COVID-19 variants, which may be more contagious or severe, or less responsive to treatment or vaccines) and the impacts it may have on our pricing, such as surges in COVID-19 related hospitalizations, infection rates, the cost of COVID-19 vaccines, testing and treatment and the return of non-COVID-19 healthcare utilization to our estimate of normal levels, based on historical utilization patterns. We frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. Product pricing in our Commercial Specialty Business segment remains competitive. Revenues from the Medicare and Medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal government and/or applicable state governments. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA imposed an annual Health Insurance Provider Fee HIP Fee on health insurers that write certain types of health insurance on U.S. risks. We priced our affected products to cover the impact of the HIP Fee when it was in effect. The HIP Fee was in effect for 2020 but was permanently repealed beginning in 2021. 
 Medical Cost Trends: Our medical cost trends are primarily driven by increases in the utilization of services across all provider types and the unit cost increases of these services. We work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as care and condition management, program integrity and specialty pharmacy management and utilization management, as well as benefit design changes. There are many drivers of medical cost trends that can cause variance from our estimates, such as changes in the level and mix of services utilized, regulatory changes, aging of the population, health status and other demographic characteristics of our members, epidemics, pandemics, advances in medical technology, new high cost prescription drugs, provider contracting inflation, labor costs and healthcare provider or member fraud. 
 At its onset, the COVID-19 pandemic caused a decrease in utilization of non-COVID-19 health services, which decreased our claim costs in 2020. As the pandemic continued through 2021, our non-COVID-19 healthcare utilization experience gradually increased and largely normalized, and our COVID-19 related healthcare expenses increased as new variants (Delta and Omicron) emerged and vaccinations and boosters became available. 
 The Omicron variant increased confirmed COVID-19 cases to significant levels at the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022. The COVID-19 surge quickly declined during the first quarter of 2022, with COVID-19 inpatient hospitalizations, provider-based tests, visits and vaccinations all decreasing to lower levels by the end of the first half of 2022; concurrently, non-COVID-19 healthcare utilization recovered from lower levels earlier in the year. Omicron sub-variant viruses as well as costs associated with updated bivalent vaccinations drove modest increases in COVID-19 related healthcare expenses in the second half of 2022, but the expected paid claims impact for the second half of 2022 are significantly lower than the winter surge experienced in each of the prior two years. The ongoing cost and volume of covered services related to the COVID-19 pandemic and a future shift of government supplied vaccinations and treatments to privatized, full cost price points may have an adverse effect on our future claim costs. We continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on our medical cost trends. 
 For additional discussion regarding business trends, see Part I, Item 1, Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 -42- 

Regulatory Trends and Uncertainties 
 With the declaration of COVID-19 as a public health emergency PHE ), the federal and state governments enacted, and may continue to enact, legislation and regulations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that have had, and we expect will continue to have, a significant impact on health benefits, consumer eligibility for public programs and our cash flows for all of our lines of business and which have introduced increased uncertainty around our cost structure. These actions, which are or have been in effect for various durations, provide, among other things: mandates to waive cost-sharing for COVID-19 testing, vaccines and related services; financial support to healthcare providers; and mandates related to prior authorizations, payment levels to providers, consumer enrollment windows and telehealth services. The Biden administration renewed the PHE on January 11, 2023 and has indicated that they intend for the PHE to expire on May 11, 2023. 
 Under the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023 (the 2023 Appropriations Act ), Congress decoupled Medicaid eligibility recertification from the PHE. As a result, states may begin removing ineligible beneficiaries from their Medicaid programs starting April 1, 2023. When recertifications resume, we expect a decline in our Medicaid membership. At the same time, we expect growth in our Commercial risk-based and fee-based plans and Medicare, including through the Public Exchanges, as members exiting Medicaid in our 14 Commercial states seek coverage elsewhere. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which was signed into law in August 2022, contains a variety of provisions that impact our business including an extension of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021's enhanced Premium Tax Credits PTC through 2025; imposing a new corporate alternative minimum tax; providing a one percent excise tax on repurchases of stock made after December 31, 2022; allowing the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS to negotiate prices on a limited set of prescription drugs in Medicare Parts B and D beginning in 2026; instituting caps on insulin cost sharing in Medicare Parts B and D; redesigning of the Medicare Part D benefit; adding a requirement that drug manufacturers pay rebates if prices increase beyond inflation; and delaying the implementation of the Trump Administration Medicare drug rebate rule to 2032. The extension of the enhanced PTC will likely allow for growth in Individual exchange market enrollment as Medicaid eligibility recertifications resume, supporting continuity of coverage for more people. 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 (the 2021 Appropriations Act has impacted and in the future may have a material effect upon our business, including procedures and coverage requirements related to surprise medical bills and new mandates for continuity of care for certain patients, price comparison tools, disclosure of broker compensation, mental health parity reporting and reporting on pharmacy benefits and drug costs. The requirements of the 2021 Appropriations Act applicable to us have varying effective dates, some of which were effective in December 2021 and during 2022, and others of which have been extended into 2023 since the enactment of the 2021 Appropriations Act. 
 The health plan price transparency regulations issued in October 2020 by the U.S. Departments of Health and Human Services, Labor and Treasury required us to begin disclosing in July 2022, on a monthly basis, detailed pricing information regarding negotiated rates for all covered items and services between the plan or issuer and in-network providers and historical payments to, and billed charges from, out-of-network providers. Additionally, beginning in 2023, we are now required to make available to members personalized out-of-pocket cost information and the underlying negotiated rates for 500 covered healthcare items and services, including prescription drugs. In 2024, this requirement will expand to all items and services. 
 Since its enactment in 2010, the ACA has introduced new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, has impacted our business model and strategy and has required changes in the way our products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. We expect the ACA will continue to significantly impact our business and results of operations, including pricing, minimum medical loss ratios and the geographies in which our products are available. We also expect further and ongoing regulatory guidance on a number of issues related to Medicare, including evolving methodology for ratings and quality bonus payments. CMS also frequently proposes changes to its program that audits data submitted under the risk adjustment programs in ways that could increase financial recoveries from plans. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ACA as any further developments occur. 
 
 For additional discussion regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, and risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, see Part I, Item 1, Business Regulation and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 -43- 

Other Significant Items 
 Business and Operational Matters 
 As mentioned above, we began operating as Elevance Health on June 28, 2022. This name change is intended to better reflect our business and our journey from a traditional health benefits organization to a lifetime, trusted health partner. Elevance Health supports health at every stage, offering health plans and clinical, behavioral, pharmacy and complex-care solutions that promote whole health. 
 On January 23, 2023, we announced our entrance into an agreement to acquire Louisiana Health Service Indemnity Company, d/b/a Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana, an independent licensee of the BCBSA that provides healthcare plans to the Individual, Group, Medicaid and Medicare markets, primarily in the State of Louisiana. This acquisition aligns with our vision to be an innovative, valuable, and inclusive healthcare partner by providing care management programs that improve the lives of the people we serve. The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the fourth quarter of 2023 and is subject to standard closing conditions and customary approvals. 
 On November 9, 2022, we announced our entrance into an agreement with CarepathRx Aggregator, LLC to acquire its specialty pharmacy division, which includes BioPlus Parent, LLC BioPlus and subsidiaries. BioPlus is one of the largest independent specialty pharmacy organizations in the United States and seeks to connect payors and providers of specialty pharmaceuticals to meet the medication therapy needs of patients with complex medical conditions. This acquisition aligns with our vision to be an innovative, valuable and inclusive healthcare partner by providing care management programs that improve the lives of the people we serve. The acquisition closed on February 15, 2023, and initial purchase accounting has not been finalized. 
 On May 5, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Integra. Integra is a managed long-term care plan that serves New York state Medicaid members, enabling adults with long-term care needs and disabilities to live safely and independently in their own homes. 
 On June 29, 2021, we completed our acquisition of MMM, including its Medicare Advantage plan, Medicaid plan and other affiliated companies. MMM is a Puerto Rico-based integrated healthcare organization and seeks to provide its Medicare Advantage and Medicaid members with a whole health experience through its network of specialized clinics and wholly owned independent physician associations. This acquisition aligns with our vision to be an innovative, valuable and inclusive healthcare partner by providing care management programs that improve the lives of the people we serve. 
 On April 28, 2021, we completed our acquisition of myNEXUS, Inc. myNEXUS ). myNEXUS is a comprehensive home-based nursing management company for payors and, at the time of acquisition, delivered integrated clinical support services for Medicare Advantage members across twenty states. This acquisition aligns with our strategy to manage integrated, whole person multi-site care and support by providing national, large-scale expertise to manage nursing services in the home and facilitate transitions of care. 
 For additional information, see Note 3, Business Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In 2020, we introduced enterprise-wide initiatives to optimize our business and as a result, recorded a charge of 653 in selling, general and administrative expenses. We believe these initiatives largely represent the next step forward in our progression towards becoming a more agile organization, including process automation and a reduction in our office space footprint. In the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021, we identified additional office space reductions and related fixed asset impairments due to the continuing COVID-19 pandemic and recorded net charges of 39 and 202, respectively, in selling, general and administrative expenses. For additional information, see Note 4, Business Optimization Initiatives and Note 18, Leases, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Litigation Matters 
 In the consolidated multi-district proceeding in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama (the Court captioned In re Blue Cross Blue Shield Antitrust Litigation BCBSA Litigation ), the BCBSA and Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensees, including us (the Blue plans previously approved a settlement agreement and release with the 
 -44- 

plaintiffs representing a putative nationwide class of health plan subscribers (the Subscriber Settlement Agreement ), which agreement required the Court s approval to become effective. Generally, the lawsuits in the BCBSA Litigation challenge elements of the licensing agreements between the BCBSA and the independently owned and operated Blue plans. The cases were brought by two putative nationwide classes of plaintiffs, health plan subscribers and providers. The Subscriber Settlement Agreement applies only to the subscriber class. The defendants continue to contest the consolidated cases brought by the provider plaintiffs. 
 In August 2022, the Court issued a final order approving the Subscriber Settlement Agreement (the Final Approval Order ). In compliance with the Subscriber Settlement Agreement, the Company paid 506 into an escrow account in September 2022, for an aggregate and full settlement payment by the Company of 596, which was previously accrued in 2020. Four notices of appeal of the Final Approval Order were filed by the September 2022 appeal deadline. Those appeals are proceeding in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. In the event all appellate rights are exhausted in a manner that affirms the Court s Final Approval Order, the defendants payment and non-monetary obligations under the Subscriber Settlement Agreement will become effective and the funds held in escrow will be distributed in accordance with the Subscriber Settlement Agreement. For additional information regarding the BCBSA Litigation, see Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies Litigation and Regulatory Proceedings Blue Cross Blue Shield Antitrust Litigation , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Selected Operating Performance 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, total medical membership increased by 2.2 million, or 4.8 . The increase in medical membership was driven primarily by organic growth in our Government Business segment primarily driven by the continued temporary suspension of Medicaid eligibility recertification during the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as organic growth in our Commercial Specialty Business segment, and in particular in our Group fee-based membership. 
 Operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 155,660, an increase of 18,717, or 13.7 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating revenue was primarily driven by higher premium revenue in our Medicaid business due to organic membership growth from the continued temporary suspension of Medicaid eligibility recertification during the COVID-19 pandemic, the acquisition of Integra in the second quarter of 2022 and the acquisition of Ohio Medicaid members through the purchase of a Medicaid contract in the first quarter of 2022. Membership growth in our Medicare Advantage and Commercial Specialty Business risk-based businesses, as well as premium rate increases to cover medical cost trends, also generated higher premium revenue. Finally, the increase in operating revenue was further attributable to increased pharmacy product revenue in our CarelonRx segment, resulting from growth in membership and higher script volume. 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6,019, a decrease of 76, or 1.2 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income was primarily due to realized losses on financial instruments in 2022, as compared to gains in 2021, and increased intangible amortization in 2022 related to recent acquisitions and the rebranding of our products, as we expect to retire certain trade names in the future. These items were partially offset by operating gain increases in all of our business segments. 
 Our fully-diluted shareholders' earnings per share EPS for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24.81, an increase of 0.08, or 0.3 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. Our diluted shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 242.8, a decrease of 4.0, or 1.6 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in EPS resulted from lower average shares outstanding in 2022, partially offset by the decrease in net income. 
 Operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8,399, or approximately 1.4 times net income. Operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 8,364, or approximately 1.4 times net income. The slight increase in operating cash flow was primarily due to higher net income in 2022, when adjusted for the impact of investment losses and gains, partially offset by the timing of working capital changes and the payment pursuant to the Subscriber Settlement Agreement made in September 2022. 
 -45- 

Membership 
 Our medical membership includes the following customer types: Individual, Group risk-based, Group fee-based, BlueCard , Medicare, Medicaid and our Federal Employees Health Benefits FEHB Program. We refer to members in our service areas licensed by the BCBSA as our BCBS-branded, or Anthem BCBS, business. Non-BCBS-branded business refers to members in our non-BCBS-branded, or Wellpoint plans, which include Amerigroup, Freedom Health, HealthSun, MMM, Optimum Healthcare and Simply Healthcare plans, as well as HealthLink and UniCare members. In addition to the above medical membership, we also serve customers who purchase one or more of our other products or services that are often ancillary to our health business. 
 Individual consists of individual customers under age 65 and their covered dependents. Individual policies are generally sold through independent agents and brokers, retail partnerships, our in-house sales force or via the Public Exchanges. Individual business is sold on a risk-based basis. We offer on-exchange products through Public Exchanges and off-exchange products. Federal premium subsidies are available only for certain Public Exchange Individual products. Unsubsidized Individual customers are generally more sensitive to product pricing and, to a lesser extent, the configuration of the network and the efficiency of administration. Customer turnover is generally higher with Individual as compared to Group risk-based. Individual business accounted for 1.7 , 1.7 and 1.6 of our medical members at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Group risk-based consists of employer customers who purchase products on a full-risk basis, which are products for which we charge a premium and indemnify our policyholders against costs for health benefits. Group risk-based accounts include Local Group customers and National Accounts. Local Group consists of those employer customers with less than 5 of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state, as well as customers with more than 5 of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state with up to 5,000 eligible employees. In addition, Local Group includes Student Health members. National Accounts generally consist of multi-state employer groups primarily headquartered in an Elevance Health service area with at least 5 of the eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state and with more than 5,000 eligible employees. Some exceptions are allowed based on broker and consultant relationships. Group risk-based accounts are generally sold through brokers or consultants who work with industry specialists from our in-house sales force and are offered both on and off the Public Exchanges. Group risk-based accounted for 8.4 , 8.8 and 8.9 of our medical members at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Group fee-based customers represent employer groups, Local Group, including UniCare members, and National Accounts, who purchase fee-based products and elect to retain most or all of the financial risk associated with their employees healthcare costs. Some fee-based customers choose to purchase stop loss coverage to limit their retained risk. Group fee-based accounts are generally sold through independent brokers or consultants retained by the customer working with our in-house sales force. Group fee-based accounted for 42.4 , 42.7 and 45.5 of our medical members at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 BlueCard host customers represent enrollees of Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield plans not owned by Elevance Health who receive healthcare services in our BCBSA licensed markets. BlueCard membership consists of estimated host members using the national BlueCard program. Host members are generally members who reside in or travel to a state in which an Elevance Health subsidiary is the Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensee and who are covered under an employer-sponsored health plan issued by a non-Elevance Health controlled BCBSA licensee (the home plan ). We perform certain functions, including claims pricing and administration, for BlueCard members, for which we receive administrative fees from the BlueCard members home plans. Other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer service, are performed by the home plan. Host members are computed using, among other things, the average number of BlueCard claims received per month. BlueCard host membership accounted for 13.6 , 13.6 and 14.1 of our medical members at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Medicare customers are Medicare-eligible individual members age 65 and over who have enrolled in Medicare Advantage, including Special Needs Plans SNPs ), also known as Medicare Advantage SNPs; dual-eligible programs through Medicare-Medicaid Plans MMPs Medicare Supplement plans; and Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plans Medicare Part D ). Medicare Advantage plans provide Medicare beneficiaries with a managed care alternative to traditional Medicare and often include a Medicare Part D benefit. In addition, our 
 -46- 

Medicare Advantage SNPs provide tailored benefits to special needs individuals who are institutionalized or have severe or disabling chronic conditions and to dual-eligible customers, who are low-income seniors and persons under age 65 with disabilities. Medicare Advantage SNPs are coordinated care plans specifically designed to provide targeted care, covering all the healthcare services considered medically necessary for members and often providing professional care coordination services, with personal guidance and programs that help members maintain their health. Medicare Advantage membership also includes Medicare Advantage members in our Group Retiree Solutions business who are retired members of Commercial accounts or retired members of groups who are not affiliated with our Commercial accounts who have selected a Medicare Advantage product through us. Medicare Supplement plans typically pay the difference between healthcare costs incurred by a beneficiary and amounts paid by Medicare. Medicare Part D offers a prescription drug plan to Medicare and MMP beneficiaries. MMP, which was established as a result of the passage of the ACA, is a demonstration program focused on serving members who are dually eligible for Medicaid and Medicare. Medicare Supplement and Medicare Advantage products are marketed in the same manner, primarily through independent agents and brokers. Medicare program business accounted for 6.2 , 6.2 and 5.5 of our medical members at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Medicaid membership represents eligible members who receive health benefits through publicly funded healthcare programs, including Medicaid, ACA-related Medicaid expansion programs, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, programs for seniors and people with disabilities, Children s Health Insurance Programs, and specialty programs such as those focused on long-term services and support, HIV/AIDS, foster care, behavioral health and/or substance abuse disorders, and intellectual disabilities or developmental disabilities, among others. Total Medicaid program business accounted for 24.3 , 23.4 and 20.6 of our medical members at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 FEHB members consist of United States government employees and their dependents who receive health benefits within our geographic markets through our participation in the national contract between the BCBSA and the U.S. Office of Personnel Management. FEHB business accounted for 3.4 , 3.6 and 3.8 of our medical members at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 -47- 

The following table presents our medical membership by reportable segment and customer type as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Also included below is other membership by product. The medical membership and other membership presented are unaudited and in certain instances include estimates of the number of members represented by each contract at the end of the period. 
 December 31 2022 vs. 2021 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Medical Membership Commercial Specialty Business: Individual 789 759 680 30 4.0 79 11.6 Group Risk-Based 3,988 4,006 3,799 (18) (0.4) 207 5.4 Commercial Risk-Based 4,777 4,765 4,479 12 0.3 286 6.4 BlueCard 
 6,462 6,178 6,059 284 4.6 119 2.0 Group Fee-Based 20,174 19,395 19,551 779 4.0 (156) (0.8) Commercial Fee-Based 26,636 25,573 25,610 1,063 4.2 (37) (0.1) Total Commercial Specialty Business 31,413 30,338 30,089 1,075 3.5 249 0.8 Government Business: Medicare Advantage 1,977 1,859 1,428 118 6.3 431 30.2 Medicare Supplement 947 952 933 (5) (0.5) 19 2.0 Total Medicare 2,924 2,811 2,361 113 4.0 450 19.1 Medicaid 11,571 10,600 8,852 971 9.2 1,748 19.7 Federal Employees Health Benefits 1,623 1,625 1,623 (2) (0.1) 2 0.1 Total Government Business 16,118 15,036 12,836 1,082 7.2 2,200 17.1 Total Medical Membership 47,531 45,374 42,925 2,157 4.8 2,449 5.7 Other Membership Life and Disability Members 4,834 4,782 5,064 52 1.1 (282) (5.6) Dental Members 6,692 6,674 6,385 18 0.3 289 4.5 Dental Administration Members 1,586 1,491 1,316 95 6.4 175 13.3 Vision Members 9,813 8,031 7,536 1,782 22.2 495 6.6 Medicare Part D Standalone Members 271 438 413 (167) (38.1) 25 6.1 
 December 31, 2022 Compared to December 31, 2021 
 Medical Membership 
 Total medical membership increased in both our Government Business and Commercial Specialty Business segments primarily due to organic growth. Our Government Business segment s organic growth was primarily driven by the continued temporary suspension of Medicaid eligibility recertification during the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, Medicaid membership was positively impacted by the acquisition of Ohio Medicaid members through the purchase of a Medicaid contract in the first quarter of 2022 and the acquisition of Integra in the second quarter of 2022. Medicare Advantage organic growth due to sales exceeding lapses also contributed to the overall Government Business segment growth. Our Commercial Specialty Business segment growth included Group fee-based membership increases due to sales exceeding lapses and positive in-group changes. BlueCard membership increased due to membership activity at other BCBSA plans whose members reside in or travel to our licensed areas. Individual membership increased due to our Public Exchange expansion in 2022. 
 -48- 

Other Membership 
 Our other membership can be impacted by changes in our medical membership, as our medical members often purchase our other products that are ancillary to our health business. Life and disability membership increased primarily due to new sales of disability products, partially offset by declines in our life membership. Dental membership increased primarily due to new sales in our Group risk-based accounts and penetration increases in our FEHB program, partially offset by the loss of a significant Group fee-based account. Dental administration membership increased primarily due to increased sales to other BCBS plans associated with the FEHB program. Vision membership increased primarily due to the launch of a new entry-level vision product in our Group markets. Medicare Part D Standalone membership declined as we discontinued certain legacy products. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Our consolidated summarized results of operations and other information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 Change Years Ended December 31 2022 vs. 2021 
 2021 vs. 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 Total operating revenue 
 155,660 136,943 120,808 18,717 13.7 16,135 13.4 Net investment income 
 1,485 1,378 877 107 7.8 501 57.1 Net (losses) gains on financial instruments (550) 318 182 (868) (273.0) 136 74.7 Total revenues 156,595 138,639 121,867 17,956 13.0 16,772 13.8 Benefit expense 116,487 102,645 88,045 13,842 13.5 14,600 16.6 Cost of products sold 
 13,035 10,895 8,953 2,140 19.6 1,942 21.7 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 17,686 15,914 17,450 1,772 11.1 (1,536) (8.8) Other expense 1 
 1,618 1,260 1,181 358 28.4 79 6.7 Total expenses 148,826 130,714 115,629 18,112 13.9 15,085 13.0 Income before income tax expense 
 7,769 7,925 6,238 (156) (2.0) 1,687 27.0 Income tax expense 1,750 1,830 1,666 (80) (4.4) 164 9.8 Net income 6,019 6,095 4,572 (76) (1.2) 1,523 33.3 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 6 9 (3) (33.3) 9 Shareholders net income 6,025 6,104 4,572 (79) (1.3) 1,532 33.5 Average diluted shares outstanding 242.8 246.8 254.3 (4.0) (1.6) (7.5) (2.9) Diluted shareholders' net income per share 24.81 24.73 17.98 0.08 0.3 6.75 37.5 Effective tax rate 22.5 23.1 26.7 (60)bp 3 
 (360)bp 3 
 Benefit expense ratio 2 
 87.4 87.5 84.6 (10)bp 3 
 290bp 3 
 Selling, general and administrative expense ratio 4 
 11.4 11.6 14.4 (20)bp 3 
 (280)bp 3 
 Income before income tax expense as a percentage of total revenues 
 5.0 5.7 5.1 (70)bp 3 
 60bp 3 
 Shareholders net income as a percentage of total revenues 3.8 4.4 3.8 (60)bp 3 
 60bp 3 
 
 Certain of the following definitions are also applicable to all other results of operations tables in this discussion: 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 1 Includes interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets and loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 2 Benefit expense ratio represents benefit expense as a percentage of premium revenue. Premiums for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 133,229, 117,373 and 104,109, respectively. Premiums are included in total operating revenue presented above. 
 3 bp = basis point; one hundred basis points = 1 . 
 4 Selling, general and administrative expense ratio represents selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of total operating revenue. 
 -49- 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Total operating revenue increased primarily as a result of higher premium revenue in our Medicaid business due to organic membership growth from the continued temporary suspension of Medicaid eligibility recertification during the COVID-19 pandemic, the acquisition of Integra in the second quarter of 2022 and the acquisition of Ohio Medicaid members through the purchase of a Medicaid contract in the first quarter of 2022. Membership growth in our Medicare Advantage and our Commercial Specialty Business risk-based businesses, as well as premium rate increases to cover medical cost trends also generated higher premium revenue. Finally, the increase in operating revenue was further attributable to increased pharmacy product revenue in our CarelonRx segment, resulting from growth in membership and higher script volume. 
 Net investment income increased primarily due to higher income from fixed maturity securities, partially offset by reduced investment income from alternative investments. 
 We had net losses on financial instruments in 2022, as compared to net gains in 2021, as a result of increased net losses on the sale of fixed maturity securities, reduced gains on the sale of equity securities and lower net gains on other invested assets. These losses were partially offset by lower mark-to-market losses on equity securities still held. 
 Benefit expense increased primarily due to healthcare costs associated with organic membership growth in our Medicaid and Medicare businesses and the acquisition of MMM in the second quarter of 2021. Membership growth and higher healthcare costs in our Commercial risk-based business, the acquisition of Integra in the second quarter of 2022 and the acquisition of Ohio Medicaid members through the purchase of a Medicaid contract in the first quarter of 2022 also contributed to higher benefit expense. 
 Our benefit expense ratio decreased slightly primarily due to the realignment during 2022 of certain quality improvement costs, from benefit expenses to administrative expenses, due to regulatory clarification. This decline was partially offset by the impact of continued membership increases in our Government Business segment, which has a higher benefit expense ratio than our Commercial Specialty Business segment. 
 Cost of products sold reflects the cost of pharmaceuticals dispensed by CarelonRx for our unaffiliated PBM customers. Cost of products sold increased as the corresponding pharmacy product revenues increased. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased primarily due to increased costs to support membership growth and from our acquisitions, partially offset by lower business optimization charges in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 Our selling, general and administrative expense ratio decreased primarily due to operating revenue growth in 2022 and lower business optimization charges in 2022 as compared to 2021, partially offset by increased costs to support membership growth and the impact of the realignment of certain quality improvement costs described above. 
 Other expense increased primarily due to additional amortization of intangible assets related to recent acquisitions and the rebranding of our products. The amortization period of certain intangible assets was shortened to align with anticipated dates the new branding will take place. In addition, certain indefinite-lived intangible assets have been reclassified as definite-lived, and therefore, are now being amortized. For additional information regarding intangible asset amortization, see Note 10, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our effective income tax rate decreased primarily due to the impact of geographic changes in our mix of earnings in 2022. 
 
 Our shareholders' net income as a percentage of total revenues decreased in 2022 as compared to 2021 as a result of all the factors discussed above. 
 -50- 

Reportable Segments Results of Operations 
 The following table presents a summary of our reportable segment financial information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Change Years Ended December 31 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2022 2021 2020 Operating Revenue 
 Commercial Specialty Business 
 41,674 38,809 36,699 2,865 7.4 2,110 5.7 Government Business 96,810 82,919 71,572 13,891 16.8 11,347 15.9 CarelonRx 28,526 25,431 21,911 3,095 12.2 3,520 16.1 Other 13,294 10,250 6,057 3,044 29.7 4,193 69.2 Eliminations (24,644) (20,466) (15,431) (4,178) 20.4 (5,035) 32.6 Total operating revenue 155,660 136,943 120,808 18,717 13.7 16,135 13.4 Operating Gain (Loss) Commercial Specialty Business 1 
 2,933 2,753 2,681 180 6.5 72 2.7 Government Business 2 
 3,297 3,061 2,444 236 7.7 617 25.2 CarelonRx 3 
 1,868 1,684 1,361 184 10.9 323 23.7 Other 4 
 354 (9) (126) 363 NM 117 NM Operating Margin Commercial Specialty Business 
 7.0 7.1 7.3 (10)bp 5 
 (20)bp 5 
 Government Business 3.4 3.7 3.4 (30)bp 5 
 30bp 5 
 CarelonRx 6.5 6.6 6.2 (10)bp 5 
 40bp 5 
 
 NM Not meaningful. 
 1 Includes expenses of 20 for business optimization initiatives in 2022; 106 for business optimization initiatives in 2021; 311 for business optimization initiatives and 524 for the BCBSA Litigation in 2020. 
 2 Includes expenses of 16 for business optimization initiatives in 2022; 47 for business optimization initiatives in 2021; 205 for business optimization initiatives and 24 for the BCBSA Litigation in 2020. 
 3 Includes expenses of 2 for business optimization initiatives in 2021; 4 for business optimization initiatives in 2020. 
 4 Includes expenses of 3 for business optimization initiatives in 2022; 32 for business optimization initiatives in 2021; 133 for business optimization initiatives in 2020. 
 5 bp = basis point; one hundred basis points = 1 . 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Commercial Specialty Business 
 Operating revenue increased primarily due to higher premiums in our Commercial risk-based business due to membership growth, premium rate increases in our Commercial risk-based business to cover medical cost trends and increased administrative fees in our Commercial fee-based business. 
 The increase in operating gain was primarily due to improved medical underwriting performance in our Commercial risk-based business and reduced business optimization charges in 2022 as compared to 2021. These items were partially offset by increased costs to support membership growth. 
 Government Business 
 Operating revenue increased primarily due to higher premium revenue in our Medicaid business, including due to organic membership growth from the continued temporary suspension of Medicaid eligibility recertification during the 
 -51- 

COVID-19 pandemic, the acquisition of MMM at the end of the second quarter of 2021, the acquisition of Integra during the second quarter of 2022 and the acquisition of Ohio Medicaid members through the purchase of a Medicaid contract in the first quarter of 2022. Membership growth and premium rate increases to cover medical cost trends in our Medicare Advantage business also contributed to higher premium revenue. 
 The increase in operating gain was primarily driven by premium rate increases to cover medical cost trends in our Medicare business, organic membership growth in our Medicaid business from the continued suspension of eligibility recertifications during the COVID-19 pandemic and the acquisition of MMM in the second quarter of 2021. These increases were partially offset by additional administrative spend to support the growth in our Government business. 
 CarelonRx 
 Operating revenue increased as a result of growth in membership and higher script volume. 
 The increase in operating gain was primarily a result of higher script volume, driven by growth in integrated medical and pharmacy members in 2022 and favorable out-of-period adjustments to fee-based revenue in the second half of 2022. 
 Other 
 Operating revenue increased primarily due to higher revenue for expanded services performed by Carelon Services for our Commercial Specialty Business segment in 2022 and the acquisition of myNEXUS in the second quarter of 2021. These increases were partially offset by the reduction of external revenue due to the loss of a behavioral health contract in 2022. 
 The increase in operating gain was driven by improved performance in Carelon Services, the acquisition of myNEXUS in the second quarter of 2021, and a decline in unallocated corporate expenses in 2022. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. Application of GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and within this MD A. We consider our most important accounting policies that require significant estimates and management judgment to be those policies with respect to liabilities for medical claims payable, income taxes, goodwill and other intangible assets, investments and retirement benefits, which are discussed below. Our other significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. In general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third-party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the known facts and circumstances. Estimates can require a significant amount of judgment, and a different set of assumptions could result in material changes to our reported results. 
 Medical Claims Payable 
 The most subjective accounting estimate in our consolidated financial statements is our liability for medical claims payable. At December 31, 2022, this liability was 15,596 and represented 23 of our total consolidated liabilities. We record this liability and the corresponding benefit expense for incurred but not paid claims, including the estimated costs of processing such claims. Incurred but not paid claims include (1) an estimate for claims that are incurred but not reported, as well as claims reported to us but not yet processed through our systems, which approximated 94 , or 14,736, of our total medical claims liability as of December 31, 2022; and (2) claims reported to us and processed through our systems but not yet paid, which approximated 6 , or 860, of the total medical claims payable as of December 31, 2022. The level of claims payable processed through our systems but not yet paid may fluctuate from one period-end to the next, from approximately 1 to 6 of our total medical claims liability, due to timing of when claim payments are made. 
 -52- 

Liabilities for both claims incurred but not reported and reported but not yet processed through our systems are determined in the aggregate, employing actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet Actuarial Standards of Practice. Our reserving practice for claim liabilities is to consistently recognize the appropriate amount of reserve within a level of confidence required by Actuarial Standards of Practice. We determine the amount of the liability for incurred but not paid claims by following a detailed actuarial process that uses both historical claim payment patterns as well as emerging medical cost trends to project our best estimate of claim liabilities. Under this process, historical paid claims data is formatted into claim triangles, which compare claim incurred dates to the dates of claim payments. This information is analyzed to create completion factors that represent the average percentage of total incurred claims that have been paid through a given date after being incurred. Completion factors are applied to claims paid through the period-end date to estimate the ultimate claim expense incurred for the period. Actuarial estimates of incurred but not paid claim liabilities are then determined by subtracting the actual paid claims from the estimate of the ultimate incurred claims. 
 For the most recent incurred months (typically the most recent two months), the percentage of claims paid for claims incurred in those months is generally low. This makes the completion factor methodology less reliable for such months. Therefore, incurred claims for recent months are not projected from historical completion and payment patterns; rather, they are projected by estimating the claims expense for those months based on recent claims expense levels and healthcare trend levels trend factors ). 
 Because the reserve methodology is based upon historical information, it must be adjusted for known or suspected operational and environmental changes. These adjustments are made by our actuaries based on their knowledge and their estimate of emerging impacts to benefit costs and payment speed. Circumstances to be considered in developing our best estimate of reserves include changes in utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations. A comparison of prior period liabilities to re-estimated claim liabilities based on subsequent claims development is also considered in making the liability determination. In our comparison to prior periods, the methods and assumptions are not changed as reserves are recalculated; rather, the availability of additional paid claims information drives changes in the re-estimate of the unpaid claim liability. To the extent appropriate, changes in such development are recorded as a change to current period benefit expense. We had increased estimation uncertainty on our incurred but not reported liability at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Slowdowns in claims submission patterns and increases in utilization levels for COVID-19 testing and treatment are the primary factors that lead to the increased estimation uncertainty. 
 We regularly review and set assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization when initially establishing claim liabilities. We continually monitor and adjust the claims liability and benefit expense based on subsequent paid claims activity. If it is determined that our assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization are materially different than actual results, our income statement and financial position could be impacted in future periods. Adjustments of prior year estimates may result in additional benefit expense or a reduction of benefit expense in the period an adjustment is made. Further, due to the considerable variability of healthcare costs, adjustments to claim liabilities occur each period and are sometimes significant as compared to the net income recorded in that period. Prior period development is recognized immediately upon the actuary s judgment that a portion of the prior period liability is no longer needed or that an additional liability should have been accrued. That determination is made when sufficient information is available to ascertain that the re-estimate of the liability is reasonable. 
 Although there are many factors that are used as a part of the estimation of our medical claims payable liability, the two key assumptions having the most significant impact on our incurred but not paid claims liability as of December 31, 2022 were the completion and trend factors. As discussed above, these two key assumptions can be influenced by utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations. 
 There is variation in the reasonable choice of completion factors by duration for durations of three months through twelve months where the completion factors have the most significant impact. As previously discussed, completion factors tend to be less reliable for the most recent months and therefore are not specifically utilized for months one and two. In our analysis for the claim liabilities at December 31, 2022, the variability in months three to five was estimated to be between 40 
 -53- 

and 90 basis points, while months six through twelve have much lower estimated variability ranging from 0 to 30 basis points. 
 The difference in completion factor assumptions results in variability of 2 , or approximately 266, in the December 31, 2022 incurred but not paid claims liability, depending on the completion factors chosen. It is important to note that the completion factor methodology inherently assumes that historical completion rates will be reflective of the current period. However, it is possible that the actual completion rates for the current period will develop differently from historical patterns and therefore could fall outside the possible variations described herein. 
 The other major assumption used in the establishment of the December 31, 2022 incurred but not paid claim liability was the trend factors. In our analysis for the period ended December 31, 2022, there was a 310 basis point differential in the high and low trend factors. This range of trend factors would imply variability of 3 , or approximately 522, in the incurred but not paid claims liability, depending upon the trend factors used. Because historical trend factors are often not representative of current claim trends, the trend experience for the most recent six to nine months, plus knowledge of recent events likely affecting current trends, have been taken into consideration in establishing the incurred but not paid claims liability at December 31, 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have an impact on claim costs for recent dates of service, which could have an influence on our trend factors. We will continue to monitor emerging experience in order to better understand the possible implications to our reserves. 
 See Note 12, Medical Claims Payable, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for medical claims payable for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated claims expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. In Note 12, Medical Claims Payable, the line labeled Net incurred medical claims: Prior years redundancies accounts for those adjustments made to prior year estimates. The impact of any reduction of Net incurred medical claims: Prior years redundancies may be offset as we establish the estimate of Net incurred medical claims: Current year. Our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for our claims. When we recognize a release of the redundancy, we disclose the amount that is not in the ordinary course of business, if material. 
 The ratio of current year medical claims paid as a percent of current year net medical claims incurred was 87.3 for 2022, 87.8 for 2021 and 87.7 for 2020. This ratio serves as an indicator of claims processing speed whereby 2022 claims were processed at a slightly slower speed than 2021 and 2020. 
 We calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior year net incurred claims payable less prior year redundancies in the current year in order to demonstrate the development of the prior year reserves. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this metric was 7.0 , largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, this metric was 18.1 , reflecting the estimation uncertainty due to COVID-19 at the end of 2020, and was largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2020 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2020, this metric was 8.0 , largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2019 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2019. 
 We calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior year net incurred medical claims to indicate the percentage of redundancy included in the preceding year calculation of current year net incurred medical claims. We believe this calculation supports the reasonableness of our prior year estimate of incurred medical claims and the consistency in our methodology. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this metric was 0.9 , which was calculated using the redundancy of 869. This metric was 2.0 for 2021 and 0.8 for 2020. We believe these metrics support the reasonableness of our estimates. The 2021 metric was impacted by the estimation uncertainty due to COVID-19. 
 The following table shows the variance between total net incurred medical claims as reported in Note 12, Medical Claims Payable, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for each of 2021 and 2020 and the incurred claims for such years had it been determined retrospectively (computed as 
 -54- 

the difference between net incurred medical claims current year for the year shown and net incurred medical claims prior years redundancies for the immediately following year): 
 Years Ended December 31 2021 2020 Total net incurred medical claims, as reported 98,737 84,457 Retrospective basis, as described above 99,571 83,391 Variance (834) 1,066 Variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported (0.8) 1.3 
 Given that our business is primarily short tailed (which means that medical claims are generally paid within twelve months of the member receiving service from the provider), the variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported above, is used to assess the reasonableness of our estimate of ultimate incurred medical claims for a given calendar year with the benefit of one year of experience. We expect that substantially all of the development of the 2022 estimate of medical claims payable will be known during 2023. 
 The 2021 variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported of (0.8) was less than the 2020 percentage of 1.3 . This was primarily driven by the fact that the change in the prior year redundancy reported for 2021 as compared to 2020 was less than the change in the prior year redundancy reported for 2020 as compared to 2019. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB guidance, which requires, among other things, the separate recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. Such deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting measured at tax rates enacted at the time the deferred tax asset or liability is recorded. A valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion may be unrealized. Our judgment is required in determining an appropriate valuation allowance. 
 At each financial reporting date, we assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance by evaluating each of our deferred tax assets based on the following: 
 the types of temporary differences that created the deferred tax asset; 
 the amount of taxes paid in prior periods and available for a carry-back claim; 
 the tax rate at which the deferred tax assets will likely be utilized in the future; 
 the forecasted future taxable income, and therefore, likely future deduction of the deferred tax item; 
 the implementation of tax planning strategies to recover those deferred tax assets; and 
 any significant other issues impacting the likely realization of the benefit of the temporary differences. 
 Although realization is not assured, we believe it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 We, like other companies, frequently face challenges from tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. These challenges include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions that we have taken on our tax returns. In evaluating any additional tax liability associated with various positions taken in our tax return filings, we record additional liabilities for potential adverse tax outcomes. Based on our evaluation of our tax positions, we believe we have appropriately accrued for uncertain tax benefits, as required by the applicable guidance. To the extent we prevail in matters we have accrued for, our future effective tax rate would be reduced and net income would increase. If we are required to pay more than accrued, our future effective tax rate would increase and net income would decrease. Our effective tax rate and net income in any given future period could be materially impacted. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are regularly audited by federal and other tax authorities, and from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, and we intend to defend our positions vigorously through the federal, state and local, and foreign appeals processes. We believe we have 
 -55- 

adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters. Accordingly, although their ultimate resolution may require additional tax payments, we do not anticipate any material impact on our results of operations or financial condition from these matters. 
 For additional information, see Note 8, Income Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Our consolidated goodwill at December 31, 2022 was 24,383 and other intangible assets were 10,315. The sum of goodwill and other intangible assets represented 33.8 of our total consolidated assets and 95.6 of our consolidated shareholders equity at December 31, 2022. 
 We follow FASB guidance for business combinations and goodwill and other intangible assets, which specifies the types of acquired intangible assets that are required to be recognized and reported separately from goodwill. Under the guidance, goodwill and other intangible assets (with indefinite lives) are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually. Furthermore, goodwill and other intangible assets are allocated to reporting units for purposes of the annual impairment test. Our impairment tests require us to make assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units, which include goodwill and other intangible assets. In addition, certain other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are also tested separately. 
 We complete our annual impairment tests of existing goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives during the fourth quarter of each year. These tests involve the use of estimates related to the fair value of goodwill at the reporting unit level and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, and require a significant degree of management judgment and the use of subjective assumptions. Certain interim impairment tests are also performed when potential impairment indicators exist or changes in our business or other triggering events occur. We have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment for each reporting unit to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, which is an indication that our goodwill may be impaired. These qualitative impairment tests include assessing events and factors that could affect the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. Our procedures include assessing our financial performance, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, various asset specific factors and entity specific events. If we determine that a reporting unit s goodwill may be impaired after utilizing these qualitative impairment analysis procedures, we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test. 
 Our quantitative impairment test utilizes the projected income and market valuation approaches for goodwill and the projected income approach for our indefinite lived intangible assets. Use of the projected income and market valuation approaches for our goodwill impairment test reflects our view that both valuation methodologies provide a reasonable estimate of fair value. The projected income approach is developed using assumptions about future revenue, expenses and net income derived from our internal planning process. These estimated future cash flows are then discounted. Our assumed discount rate is based on our industry s weighted-average cost of capital. Market valuations are based on observed multiples of certain measures including revenue; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; and book value of invested capital (debt and equity) and include market comparisons to publicly traded companies in our industry. 
 We did not incur any impairment losses as a result of our 2022 annual impairment tests, as it was determined that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially in excess of the carrying values as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, we do not believe that the estimated fair values of our reporting units are at risk of becoming impaired in the next twelve months. 
 If estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives in future annual impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income. 
 For additional information, see Note 3, Business Acquisitions and Note 10, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 -56- 

Investments 
 Current and long-term marketable investment securities were 27,657 at December 31, 2022 and represented 26.9 of our total consolidated assets at December 31, 2022. We classify fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio as available-for-sale and report those securities at fair value. Certain fixed maturity securities are available to support current operations and, accordingly, we classify such investments as current assets without regard to their contractual maturity. Investments used to satisfy contractual, regulatory or other requirements are classified as long-term, without regard to contractual maturity. 
 Our impairment review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. We conduct this review on a quarterly basis, using both qualitative and quantitative factors. Such factors considered include the extent to which a security s market value has been less than its cost, the reasons for the decline in value (i.e., credit event compared to liquidity, general credit spread widening, currency exchange rate or interest rate factors), financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, including the credit ratings and changes in the credit ratings of the issuer, recommendations of investment advisors, and forecasts of economic, market or industry trends. 
 If a fixed maturity security is in an unrealized loss position and we have the intent to sell the fixed maturity security, or it is more likely than not that we will have to sell the fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we write down the fixed maturity security s cost basis to fair value and record an impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income. For impaired fixed maturity securities that we do not intend to sell or if it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell such securities, but we expect that we will not fully recover the amortized cost basis, we recognize the credit component of the impairment as an allowance for credit loss in our consolidated balance sheets and record an impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income. The non-credit component of the impairment is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income. Furthermore, unrealized losses entirely caused by non-credit-related factors related to fixed maturity securities for which we expect to fully recover the amortized cost basis continue to be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income. 
 The credit component of an impairment is determined primarily by comparing the net present value of projected future cash flows with the amortized cost basis of the fixed maturity security. The net present value is calculated by discounting our best estimate of projected future cash flows at the effective interest rate implicit in the fixed maturity security at the date of purchase. For mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, cash flow estimates are based on assumptions regarding the underlying collateral, including prepayment speeds, vintage, type of underlying asset, geographic concentrations, default rates, recoveries and changes in value. For all other securities, cash flow estimates are driven by assumptions regarding probability of default, including changes in credit ratings and estimates regarding timing and amount of recoveries associated with a default. 
 We have a committee of accounting and investment associates and management that is responsible for managing the impairment review process. We believe that we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. We have established an allowance for credit loss and recorded credit loss expense as a reflection of our expected impairment losses. Given the inherent uncertainty of changes in market conditions and the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional impairment losses on investments may be recorded in future periods. 
 In addition to marketable investment securities, we held additional long-term investments of 5,685, or 5.5 of total consolidated assets, at December 31, 2022. These long-term investments consisted primarily of certain other equity investments, the cash surrender value of corporate-owned life insurance policies and mortgage loans. Due to their less liquid nature, these investments are classified as long-term. 
 Through our investing activities, we are exposed to financial market risks, including those resulting from changes in interest rates and changes in equity market valuations. We manage market risks through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limits and limits on investments in individual issuers. Ineffective management of these risks could have an impact on our future results of operations and financial condition. Our investment portfolio includes fixed maturity securities with a fair value of 26,704 at December 31, 2022. The weighted-average credit rating of these securities was A as of December 31, 2022. Included in this balance are investments in fixed maturity securities of states, municipalities and political subdivisions of 890 that are guaranteed by third parties. With the exception of 16 securities with a fair value of 9, 
 -57- 

these securities are all investment-grade and carry a weighted-average credit rating of AA as of December 31, 2022. The securities are guaranteed by a number of different guarantors, and we do not have any material exposure to any single guarantor, neither indirectly through the guarantees, nor directly through investment in the guarantor. Further, due to the high underlying credit rating of the issuers, the weighted-average credit rating of the fixed maturity securities without a guarantee, for which such information is available, was A as of December 31, 2022. 
 Fair values of fixed maturity and equity securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. These fair values are obtained primarily from third-party pricing services, which generally use Level I or Level II inputs for the determination of fair value in accordance with FASB guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures. We have controls in place to review the pricing services qualifications and procedures used to determine fair values. In addition, we periodically review the pricing services pricing methodologies, data sources and pricing inputs to ensure the fair values obtained are reasonable. 
 We obtain quoted market prices for each security from the pricing services, which are derived through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, making adjustments through the reporting date based upon available market observable information. For securities not actively traded, the pricing services may use quoted market prices of comparable instruments or discounted cash flow analyses, incorporating inputs that are currently observable in the markets for similar securities. Inputs that are often used in these valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, broker quotes, benchmark yields, credit spreads, default rates and prepayment speeds. As we are responsible for the determination of fair value, we perform analysis on the prices received from the pricing services to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. Our analysis includes procedures such as a review of month-to-month price fluctuations and price comparisons to secondary pricing services. There were no adjustments to quoted market prices obtained from the pricing services during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 In certain circumstances, it may not be possible to derive pricing model inputs from observable market activity, and therefore, such inputs are estimated internally. Such securities are designated Level III in accordance with FASB guidance. Securities designated Level III at December 31, 2022 totaled 581 and represented approximately 1.7 of our total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Our Level III securities primarily consisted of certain corporate securities and equity securities for which observable inputs were not always available and the fair values of these securities were estimated using inputs including, but not limited to, prepayment speeds, credit spreads, default rates and benchmark yields. 
 For additional information, see Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, and Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, Note 5, Investments, and Note 7, Fair Value, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Retirement Benefits 
 Pension Benefits 
 We sponsor defined benefit pension plans for some of our employees. These plans are accounted for in accordance with FASB guidance for retirement benefits, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis. As permitted by the guidance, we calculate the value of plan assets as described below. Further, the difference between our expected rate of return and the actual performance of plan assets, as well as certain changes in pension liabilities, are amortized over future periods. 
 An important factor in determining our pension expense is the assumption for expected long-term return on plan assets. As of our December 31, 2022 measurement date, we selected a weighted-average long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.58 . We use a total portfolio return analysis in the development of our assumption. Factors such as past market performance, the long-term relationship between fixed maturity and equity securities, interest rates, inflation and asset allocations are considered in the assumption. The assumption includes an estimate of the additional return expected from active management of the investment portfolio. Peer data and an average of historical returns are also reviewed for appropriateness of the selected assumption. We believe our assumption of future returns is reasonable. However, if we lower our expected long-term return on plan assets, future contributions to the pension plan and pension expense would likely increase. 
 This assumed long-term rate of return on assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over three years, producing the expected return on plan assets that is 
 -58- 

included in the determination of pension expense. We apply a corridor approach to amortize unrecognized actuarial gains or losses. Under this approach, only accumulated net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service or lifetime of the workforce as a component of pension expense. The net deferral of past asset gains or losses affects the calculated value of plan assets and, ultimately, future pension expense. 
 The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our most recent measurement date. We use the annual spot rate approach for setting our discount rate. Under the spot rate approach, individual spot rates from a full yield curve of published rates are used to discount each plan s cash flows to determine the plan s obligation. At the December 31, 2022 measurement date, the weighted-average discount rate under the annual spot rate approach was 5.18 , compared to 2.70 at the December 31, 2021 measurement date. The net effect of changes in the discount rate, as well as the net effect of other changes in actuarial assumptions and experience, have been deferred and amortized as a component of pension expense in accordance with FASB guidance. 
 In managing the plan assets, our objective is to be a responsible fiduciary while minimizing financial risk. Plan assets include a diversified mix of equity securities, investment grade fixed maturity securities and other types of investments across a range of sectors and levels of capitalization to maximize long-term return for a prudent level of risk. In addition to producing a reasonable return, the investment strategy seeks to minimize the volatility in our expense and cash flow. 
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
 We provide some associates with certain medical, vision and dental benefits upon retirement. We use various actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate and the expected trend in healthcare costs, to estimate the costs and benefit obligations for our retiree benefits. 
 At our December 31, 2022 measurement date, the selected discount rate for all plans was 5.12 , compared to a discount rate of 2.49 at the December 31, 2021 measurement rate. We developed this rate using the annual spot rate approach as described above. 
 The assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of pre-Medicare (those who are not currently eligible for Medicare benefits) other benefits at our December 31, 2022 measurement date was 8.00 for 2023 with a gradual decline to 4.50 by the year 2035. The assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of post-Medicare (those who are currently eligible for Medicare benefits) other benefits at our December 31, 2022 measurement date was 6.50 for 2023 with a gradual decline to 4.50 by the year 2035. These estimated trend rates are subject to change in the future. 
 For additional information regarding our retirement benefits, see Note 11, Retirement Benefits, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding new accounting pronouncements that were issued or became effective during the year ended December 31, 2022 that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or financial statement disclosures, see the Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance and Recent Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted sections of Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Introduction 
 Our cash receipts result primarily from premiums, product revenue, administrative fees and other revenue, investment income, proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, proceeds from borrowings, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. Cash disbursements result mainly from claims payments, administrative expenses, taxes, purchases of investment securities, interest expense, payments on borrowings, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repurchases of our debt securities and common stock and the payment of cash dividends. Cash outflows 
 -59- 

fluctuate with the amount and timing of settlement of these transactions. Any future decline in our profitability would likely have an unfavorable impact on our liquidity. 
 We manage our cash, investments and capital structure so we are able to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining financial flexibility and liquidity. We forecast, analyze and monitor our cash flows to enable investment and financing within the overall constraints of our financial strategy. 
 A substantial portion of the assets held by our regulated subsidiaries are in the form of cash and cash equivalents and investments. After considering expected cash flows from operating activities, we generally invest cash that exceeds our near term obligations in longer term marketable fixed maturity securities to improve our overall investment income returns. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. Our investments are generally available-for-sale to meet liquidity and other needs. Our subsidiaries pay out excess capital annually in the form of dividends to their respective parent companies for general corporate use, as permitted by applicable regulations. 
 The availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, debt ratings, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and market conditions. The securities and credit markets have in the past experienced higher than normal volatility. Interest rates on fixed debt income securities increased in 2022 and may continue to do so in 2023, which could increase our borrowing costs if we elect to issue debt. During recent years, the federal government and various governmental agencies have taken a number of steps to strengthen the regulation of the financial services market. In addition, governments around the world have developed their own plans to provide stability and security in the credit markets and to ensure adequate capital in certain financial institutions. 
 A summary of our major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: Years Ended December 31 Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Sources of Cash: Net cash provided by operating activities 8,399 8,364 10,688 35 (2,324) Issuances of commercial paper and short- and long-term debt, net of repayments 
 862 2,719 (1,857) 2,719 Issuances of common stock under employee stock plans 182 203 176 (21) 27 Other sources of cash, net 762 315 762 (315) Total sources of cash 10,205 11,286 11,179 (1,081) 107 Uses of Cash: Purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions 
 (2,338) (4,056) (3,433) 1,718 (623) Repurchase and retirement of common stock (2,316) (1,900) (2,700) (416) 800 Purchases of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired (649) (3,476) (1,976) 2,827 (1,500) Purchases of property and equipment (1,152) (1,087) (1,021) (65) (66) Repayments of commercial paper and short- and long-term debt, net of issuances 
 (298) 298 Cash dividends (1,229) (1,104) (954) (125) (150) Other uses of cash, net (514) 514 (514) Total uses of cash (7,684) (12,137) (10,382) 4,453 (1,755) Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (14) (10) 7 (4) (17) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 2,507 (861) 804 3,368 (1,665) 
 -60- 

Liquidity Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The slight increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to higher net income in 2022, when adjusted for the impact of investment losses and gains, partially offset by the timing of working capital changes and the payment pursuant to the Subscriber Settlement Agreement made in September 2022. 
 Other significant changes in sources and uses of cash year-over-year included lower amounts used for purchases of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired and reduced cash used for purchases of investments, net of proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions. These decreased uses of cash were partially offset by reduced net proceeds received from the issuance of commercial paper and short-term and long-term debt and increased use of cash for share repurchases. 
 Financial Condition 
 We maintained a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities of 35,044 at December 31, 2022. Since December 31, 2021, total cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities increased by 1,384, primarily due to cash generated from operations. This increase was partially offset by cash used for acquisitions, common stock repurchases, purchases of property and equipment and cash dividends paid to shareholders. 
 Many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to their respective parent companies. Certain accounting practices prescribed by insurance regulatory authorities, or statutory accounting practices, differ from GAAP. Changes that occur in statutory accounting practices, if any, or other regulatory requirements, could impact our subsidiaries future dividend capacity. In addition, we have agreed to certain undertakings to regulatory authorities, including the requirement to maintain certain capital levels in certain of our subsidiaries. 
 At December 31, 2022, we held 1,209 of cash, cash equivalents and investments at the parent company, which are available for general corporate use, including investment in our businesses, acquisitions, potential future common stock repurchases and dividends to shareholders, repurchases of debt securities and debt and interest payments. 
 Periodically, we access capital markets and issue debt Notes for long-term borrowing purposes, for example, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. Certain of these Notes may have a call feature that allows us to redeem the Notes at any time at our option and/or a put feature that allows a Note holder to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of both a change in control event and a downgrade of the Notes below an investment grade rating. For more information on our debt, including redemptions and issuances, see Note 13, Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We calculate our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio, a non-GAAP measure, from the amounts presented on our audited consolidated balance sheets included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as total debt divided by total debt plus total shareholders equity. Total debt is the sum of short-term borrowings, current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt, less current portion. We believe our debt-to-capital ratio assists investors and rating agencies in measuring our overall leverage and additional borrowing capacity. In addition, our bank covenants include a maximum debt-to-capital ratio that we cannot and did not exceed. Our debt-to-capital ratio may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio was 39.9 and 38.9 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our senior debt is rated A by S P Global Ratings, BBB by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Baa2 by Moody s Investor Service, Inc. and bbb+ by AM Best Company, Inc. We intend to maintain our senior debt investment grade ratings. If our credit ratings are downgraded, our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs. 
 Capital Resources 
 We have a shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. Specific information regarding terms and securities being offered will be provided at the time of an offering. Proceeds from future offerings are expected to be used for 
 -61- 

general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the repayment of debt, investments in or extensions of credit to our subsidiaries and the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansions. 
 We have a senior revolving credit facility (the 5-Year Facility with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. In April 2022, we amended and restated the credit agreement for the 5-Year Facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the 5-Year Facility from June 2024 to April 2027 and increase the amount of credit available under the 5-Year Facility from 2,500 to 4,000. Also in April 2022, concurrently with the amendment and restatement of the 5-Year Facility, we terminated our 364-day senior revolving credit facility that provided for credit in the amount of 1,000, which was scheduled to mature in June 2022. Our ability to borrow under the 5-Year Facility is subject to compliance with certain covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt-to-capital ratio of not more than 60 , subject to increase in certain circumstances set forth in the credit agreement for the 5-Year Facility. We do not believe the restrictions contained in our 5-Year Facility covenants materially affect our financial or operating flexibility. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants under the 5-Year Facility. There were no amounts outstanding under the 5-Year Facility at December 31, 2022. 
 Through certain subsidiaries, we have entered into multiple 364-day lines of credit (the Subsidiary Credit Facilities with separate lenders for general corporate purposes. The Subsidiary Credit Facilities provide combined credit up to 200. Our ability to borrow under the Subsidiary Credit Facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants. At December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Subsidiary Credit Facilities. 
 We have an authorized commercial paper program of up to 4,000, the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes. In July 2022, we increased the amount available under the commercial paper program from 3,500 to 4,000. Should commercial paper issuance become unavailable, we have the ability to use a combination of cash on hand and/or our 5-Year Facility, which provides for credit in the amount of 4,000, to redeem any outstanding commercial paper upon maturity. At December 31, 2022, we had 0 outstanding under our commercial paper program. 
 While there is no assurance in the current economic environment, we believe the lenders participating in our 5-Year Facility and Subsidiary Credit Facilities, if market conditions allow, would be willing to provide financing in accordance with their legal obligations. 
 We are a member, through certain subsidiaries, of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (collectively the FHLBs ). As a member, we have the ability to obtain short-term cash advances, subject to certain minimum collateral requirements. At December 31, 2022, we had 265 of outstanding short-term borrowings from the FHLBs. 
 As discussed in Financial Condition above, many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid. Based upon these requirements, we currently estimate that approximately 3,500 of dividends will be paid to us by our subsidiaries during 2023. During 2022, we received 3,097 of dividends from our subsidiaries. 
 In addition to regulations regarding the timing and amount of dividends, our regulated subsidiaries states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital RBC requirements for health and other insurance companies and health maintenance organizations largely based on the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC Risk-Based Capital (RBC) For Health Organizations Model Act RBC Model Act ). These RBC requirements are intended to measure capital adequacy, taking into account the risk characteristics of an insurer s investments and products. The NAIC sets forth the formula for calculating the RBC requirements, which are designed to take into account asset risks, insurance risks, interest rate risks and other relevant risks with respect to an individual insurance company s business. In general, under the RBC Model Act, an insurance company must submit a report of its RBC level to the state insurance department or insurance commissioner, as appropriate, at the end of each calendar year. Our regulated subsidiaries respective RBC levels as of December 31, 2022, which was the most recent date for which reporting was required, were in excess of all applicable mandatory RBC requirements. In addition to exceeding these RBC requirements, we are in compliance with the liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the BCBSA and with the tangible net worth requirements applicable to certain of our California subsidiaries. For additional information, see Note 22, Statutory Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 -62- 

Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Short-Term Liquidity Requirements 
 As previously described, our cash disbursements result mainly from claims payments, administrative expenses, taxes, purchases of investment securities, interest expense, payments on borrowings, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repurchases of our debt securities and common stock and the payment of cash dividends. We believe cash on hand, operating cash receipts, investments and amounts available under our commercial paper program, our 5-Year Facility and our Subsidiary Credit Facilities and borrowings available from the FHLBs will be adequate to fund our expected cash disbursements over the next twelve months. 
 Long-Term Liquidity Requirements 
 As of December 31, 2022, our long-term cash disbursements required under various contractual obligations and commitments were: 
 Debt and interest expense: Future debt and estimated interest payments were 25,804, with 2,674 due within the next twelve months. For additional information, see Note 13 Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Operating leases: We lease office space and certain computer equipment, for which the future estimated payments were 1,028, with 206 due within the next twelve months. For additional information, see Note 18 Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Other liabilities: These liabilities primarily consist of future policy reserves, projected other postretirement benefits, deferred compensation, supplemental executive retirement plan liabilities and certain other miscellaneous long-term obligations. Amounts due within twelve months were 26, with 1,040 due in future periods. Estimated future payments for funded pension benefits have been excluded from these numbers, as we had no funding requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, at December 31, 2022, as a result of the value of the assets in the plans. In addition, gross liabilities for uncertain tax positions and interest for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the resolutions with the respective taxing authorities have not been included. For further information, see Note 8, Income Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Purchase obligations: These obligations include estimated payments for future services under contractual arrangements from third-party service vendors. Amounts due within the next twelve months for these purchase obligations were 1,124, while longer term payments were 2,927. For further information, see Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Investment commitments: These include unfunded capital commitments for alternative investments and low-income housing tax credits. Estimated amounts due were 1,504, including 314 due within the next twelve months. 
 In addition to the contractual obligations and commitments discussed above, we have a variety of other contractual agreements related to acquiring materials and services used in our operations. However, we do not believe these other agreements contain material noncancelable commitments. 
 We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases and dividends to shareholders. The declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock or debt is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, regulatory and capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 On January 24, 2023, our Audit Committee declared a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of 1.48 per share on the outstanding shares of our common stock. This quarterly dividend is payable on March 24, 2023 to the shareholders of record as of March 10, 2023. 
 Under our Board of Directors authorization, we maintain a common stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, we had Board authorization of 1,876 to repurchase our common stock. On January 24, 2023, our Audit Committee, 
 -63- 

pursuant to authorization granted by the Board of Directors, authorized a 5,000 increase to our common stock repurchase program. No duration has been placed on our common stock repurchase program, and we reserve the right to discontinue the program at any time. We intend to utilize this authorization over a multi-year period, subject to market and industry conditions. 
 
 We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our credit facilities and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions. 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet derivative instruments, guarantee transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements or any indemnification agreements that will require funding in future periods. We have not transferred assets to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not hold any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity where such entity provides us with financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support. See Note 2 Subsidiary Transactions of the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional detail on the Elevance Health, Inc. parent guarantees of certain subsidiaries. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 (In Millions, Except As Otherwise Stated Herein) 
 As a result of our investing and borrowing activities, we are exposed to financial market risks, including those resulting from changes in interest rates and changes in market valuations. Potential impacts discussed below are based upon sensitivity analyses performed on our financial position as of December 31, 2022. Actual results could vary from these estimates. Our primary objectives with our investment portfolio are to provide safety and preservation of capital, sufficient liquidity to meet cash flow requirements, the integration of investment strategy with the business operations and an attainment of a competitive after-tax total return. 
 Investments 
 Our investment portfolio is exposed to three primary sources of risk: credit quality risk, interest rate risk and market valuation risk. 
 The primary risks associated with our fixed maturity securities, which are classified as available-for-sale, are credit quality risk and interest rate risk. Credit quality risk is defined as the risk of a credit event, such as a ratings downgrade or default, to an individual fixed maturity security and the potential loss attributable to that event. Credit quality risk is managed through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limitations on the overall portfolio as well as diversification and percentage limits on securities of individual issuers. The result is a well-diversified portfolio of fixed maturity securities, with an average credit rating of approximately A. Interest rate risk is defined as the potential for economic losses on fixed maturity securities due to a change in market interest rates. Our fixed maturity portfolio is invested primarily in U.S. government securities, corporate bonds, asset-backed bonds, mortgage-related securities and municipal bonds, all of which have exposure to changes in the level of market interest rates. Interest rate risk is managed by maintaining asset duration within a band based upon our liabilities, operating performance and liquidity needs. Additionally, we have the capability of holding any security to maturity, which would allow us to realize full par value. 
 Investments in fixed maturity securities include corporate securities, which account for 46.9 of our total fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2022 and are subject to credit/default risk. In a declining economic environment, corporate yields will usually increase, prompted by concern over the ability of corporations to make interest payments, thus causing a decrease in the price of corporate securities, and the decline in value of the corporate fixed maturity portfolio. We manage this risk through fundamental credit analysis, diversification of issuers and industries and an average credit rating of our corporate fixed maturity portfolio of approximately BBB. 
 Market risk for fixed maturity securities is addressed by actively managing the duration, allocation and diversification of our investment portfolio. We have evaluated the impact on the fixed maturity portfolio s fair value considering an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates. A 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in an approximate 1,088 decrease in fair value, whereas a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates would result in an approximate 1,154 increase in fair value. While we classify our fixed maturity securities as available-for-sale for accounting purposes, we believe our 
 -64- 

cash flows and the duration of our portfolio should allow us to hold securities to maturity, thereby avoiding the recognition of losses should interest rates rise significantly. 
 Our equity portfolio is comprised of large capitalization and small capitalization domestic equities, foreign equities, exchange-traded funds and index mutual funds. Our equity portfolio is subject to the volatility inherent in the stock market, driven by concerns over economic conditions, earnings and sales growth, inflation, and consumer confidence. These systemic risks cannot be managed through diversification alone. However, more routine risks, such as stock/industry specific risks, are managed by investing in a diversified equity portfolio. 
 Our other invested assets, reported within our long-term investments, are primarily subject to private market exposures, including private equity and private credit investments. These investments are also indirectly subject to market valuation risk, as public market valuations will form a basis for valuations for these investments. Given their illiquid nature, we focus on appropriate sizing of these investments relative to our liquidity needs and risk tolerance. Our risk tolerance is formed by the level of illiquidity and short-term price movements from market valuation risk we are willing to accept relative to the higher long-term expected returns over the life of these investments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 3.4 of our marketable investments were equity securities. An immediate 10 decrease in each equity investment s value, arising from market movement, would result in a fair value decrease of 95. Alternatively, an immediate 10 increase in each equity investment s value, attributable to the same factor, would result in a fair value increase of 95. 
 For additional information regarding our investments, see Note 5, Investments, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 and Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - Investments within Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 Our total long-term debt at December 31, 2022 consisted of senior unsecured notes, convertible debentures, commercial paper and subordinated surplus notes issued by one of our insurance subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, the carrying value and estimated fair value of our long-term debt was 23,849 and 22,324 respectively. This debt is subject to interest rate risk, as these instruments have fixed interest rates and the fair value is affected by changes in market interest rates. Should interest rates increase or decrease in the future, the estimated fair value of our fixed rate debt would decrease or increase accordingly. 
 For additional information regarding our long-term debt, see Note 7, Fair Value and Note 13, Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Derivatives 
 We have exposure to economic losses due to interest rate risk arising from changes in the level or volatility of interest rates. We attempt to mitigate our exposure to interest rate risk through the use of derivative financial instruments. These strategies include the use of interest rate swaps and forward contracts, which are used to lock-in interest rates or to hedge (on an economic basis) interest rate risks associated with variable rate debt. We have used these types of instruments as designated hedges against specific liabilities. 
 Changes in interest rates will affect the estimated fair value of these derivatives. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded a net liability of 57, the estimated fair value of the swaps at that date. We have evaluated the impact on the interest rate swaps fair value considering an immediate 100 basis point change in interest rates. A 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in an approximate 39 decrease in fair value, whereas a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates would result in an approximate 39 increase in fair value. 
 For additional information regarding our derivatives, see Note 6, Derivative Financial Instruments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 -65- 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 Elevance Health, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 67 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 73 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 74 
 
 -66- 

Report of Independent Registered 
 Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Elevance Health, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Elevance Health, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(c) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 

-67- 

Valuation of Incurred but Not Paid Claims Description of the Matter Medical claims payable was 15,596 million at December 31, 2022, a significant portion of which related to the Company s estimate for claims that are incurred but not paid. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s liability for incurred but not paid claims is determined using actuarial methods that include a number of factors and assumptions, including completion factors, which represent the average percentage of total incurred claims that have been paid through a given date after being incurred based on historical paid claims data, and trend factors, which represent an estimate of claims expense based on recent claims expense levels and healthcare cost levels. There is significant uncertainty inherent in determining management s best estimate of completion and trend factors, which are used to calculate actuarial estimates of incurred but not paid claims. Auditing management s estimate of incurred but not paid claims was complex and required the involvement of our actuarial specialists due to the highly judgmental nature of the completion and trend factor assumptions used in the valuation process. The significant judgment was primarily due to the sensitivity of management s best estimate of completion and trend factor assumptions, which have a significant impact on the valuation of incurred but not paid claims. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s actuarial process for estimating the liability for incurred but not paid claims. These audit procedures included among others, testing management review controls over completion and trend factor assumptions and the review and approval processes that management has in place for estimating the liability for incurred but not paid claims. To test the Company s liability for incurred but not paid claims, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying claims and membership data recorded in the source claims processing and disbursement systems to the data used by management in developing completion and trend factor assumptions and agreeing a sample of incurred and paid claims to source documentation. With the support of actuarial specialists, we analyzed the Company s completion and trend factor assumptions based on historical claim experience and emerging cost trends, and independently calculated a range of reasonable reserve estimates for comparison to management s best estimate of the liability for incurred but not paid claims. Additionally, we performed a review of the prior period liabilities for incurred but not paid claims to subsequent claims development. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1944. 

February 15, 2023 

-68- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In millions, except share data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Fixed maturity securities (amortized cost of and ; allowance for credit losses of and 
 Equity securities Premium receivables Self-funded receivables Other receivables Other current assets Total current assets Long-term investments: Fixed maturity securities (amortized cost of and ; allowance for credit losses of and 
 Other invested assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Liabilities Current liabilities: Medical claims payable Other policyholder liabilities Unearned income Accounts payable and accrued expenses Short-term borrowings Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Reserves for future policy benefits Deferred tax liabilities, net Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Note 14 Shareholders equity Preferred stock, without par value, shares authorized - ; shares issued and outstanding - 
 Common stock, par value , shares authorized - ; shares issued and outstanding - and 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 -69- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 Years Ended December 31 (In millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Premiums Product revenue Administrative fees and other revenue Total operating revenue Net investment income Net (losses) gains on financial instruments ) Total revenues Expenses Benefit expense Cost of products sold Selling, general and administrative expense Interest expense Amortization of other intangible assets Loss on extinguishment of debt Total expenses Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Shareholders net income Shareholders net income per share Basic Diluted Dividends per share 

See accompanying notes. 
 -70- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Years Ended December 31 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Change in net unrealized gains/losses on investments ) ) Change in non-credit component of impairment losses on investments ) Change in net unrealized gains/losses on cash flow hedges Change in net periodic pension and postretirement costs ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Total shareholders comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes. 
 -71- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net losses (gains) on financial instruments ) ) Equity in net earnings of other invested assets ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) Impairment of property and equipment Share-based compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) ) Other invested assets ) ) Other assets ) Policy liabilities Unearned income ) ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Income taxes ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Maturities, calls and redemptions from investments Changes in securities lending collateral ) ) ) Purchases of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Net (repayments of) proceeds from commercial paper borrowings ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings Repayments of short-term borrowings ) ) ) Changes in securities lending payable Changes in bank overdrafts ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Taxes paid through withholding of common stock under employee stock plans ) ) ) Other, net Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See accompanying notes. 
 -72- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 Total Shareholders Equity 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity (In millions) Number of Shares Par Value Retained Earnings January 1, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans, net of related tax benefits Convertible debenture repurchases and conversions ) ) December 31, 2020 Net income ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Accumulated noncontrolling interest Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans, net of related tax benefits Convertible debenture repurchases and conversions ) ) December 31, 2021 ) Adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2020-06 (Note 2) ) ) January 1, 2022 ) Net income 
 ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests adjustment Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans, net of related tax benefits Convertible debenture repurchases and conversions ) ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 -73- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 (In Millions, Except Per Share Data or As Otherwise Stated Herein) 
 
 1. 
 million medical members through our affiliated health plans as of December 31, 2022. We offer a broad spectrum of network-based managed care risk-based plans to Individual, Group, Medicaid and Medicare markets. In addition, we provide a broad array of managed care services to fee-based customers, including claims processing, stop loss insurance, provider network access, medical management, care management and wellness programs, actuarial services and other administrative services. We provide services to the federal government in connection with our Federal Health Products Services business, which administers the Federal Employees Health Benefits FEHB Program. We provide an array of specialty services both to customers of our subsidiary health plans and also unaffiliated health plans, including pharmacy benefit management PBM services and dental, vision, life, disability and supplemental health insurance benefits, as well as integrated health services. 
 We are an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA ), an association of independent health benefit plans. We serve our members as the Blue Cross licensee for California and as the Blue Cross and Blue Shield BCBS licensee for Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine, Missouri (excluding counties in the Kansas City area), Nevada, New Hampshire, New York (in the New York City metropolitan area and upstate New York), Ohio, Virginia (excluding the Northern Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C.) and Wisconsin. In a majority of these service areas, we do business as Anthem Blue Cross, Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield, and Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield or Empire Blue Cross. We also conduct business through arrangements with other BCBS licensees as well as other strategic partners. Through our subsidiaries, we also serve customers in numerous states as AIM Specialty Health, Amerigroup, Aspire Health, Beacon, CareMore, Freedom Health, HealthLink, HealthSun, MMM, Optimum Healthcare, Simply Healthcare, UniCare and/or Wellpoint. We offer PBM services through our CarelonRx, Inc. CarelonRx subsidiary, which was named IngenioRx, Inc. prior to January 1, 2023. We are licensed to conduct insurance operations in all states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico through our subsidiaries. 
 As part of our name change to Elevance Health, in June 2022, we announced that over the next several years we will organize our brand portfolio into the following core go-to-market brands: 
 Anthem Blue Cross/Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield represents our existing Anthem-branded and affiliated Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensed plans; 
 Wellpoint we intend to unite select non-BCBSA licensed Medicare, Medicaid and Commercial plans under the Wellpoint name; and 
 Carelon this brand brings together our healthcare-related services and capabilities, including our formerly named Diversified Business Group and IngenioRx businesses, under a single brand name. 
 There were no changes made to our segments in 2022 associated with this branding strategy. Through December 31, 2022, we managed our operations by customer types through four reportable segments: Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business, CarelonRx (formerly known as IngenioRx) and Other. Our branding strategy reflects the evolution of 
 -74- 

2. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in the cash and cash equivalents line on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 -75- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 of the value of the loaned securities, which provides a cushion before any shortfall arises. The investment of the cash collateral is subject to market risk, which is managed by limiting the investments to higher quality and shorter duration instruments. 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Self-funded receivables include administrative fees, claims and other amounts due from fee-based customers. Self-funded receivables are reported net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Other receivables include pharmacy rebates, provider advances, claims recoveries, reinsurance receivables, proceeds due from brokers on investment trades, accrued investment income and other miscellaneous amounts due to us. These receivables are reported net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 -76- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 for buildings and improvements, three to for computer equipment and software, and the lesser of the remaining life of the building lease, if any, or for furniture and other equipment. Certain costs related to the development or purchase of internal-use software are capitalized and amortized over estimated useful lives ranging from three to . 
 -77- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-78- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our most recent measurement date. We use the annual spot rate approach for setting our discount rate. Under the spot rate approach, individual spot rates from a full yield curve of published rates are used to discount each plan s cash flows to determine the plan s obligations. 
 The assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of other postretirement benefits are based on an initial assumed healthcare cost trend rate declining to an ultimate healthcare cost trend rate over a select number of years. 
 -79- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

-80- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

of the fair value of a share of common stock on the lower of the first or last trading day of the plan quarter. The employee stock purchase plan discount is recognized as compensation expense based on GAAP guidance. All other share-based payments to employees are recognized as compensation expense in our consolidated statements of income based on their fair values. Additionally, excess tax benefits, which result from actual tax benefits realized when awards vest or options are exercised exceeding deferred tax benefits previously recognized based on grant date fair value, are recognized as tax benefits in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 -81- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 for 2020 and was permanently eliminated beginning in 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized as selling, general and administrative expense related to the HIP Fee. 
 , and , respectively, for impairment and abandonment of ROU assets. See Note 18, Leases for additional information about the ROU asset impairment and abandonment charges. 
 
 -82- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , a decrease to our deferred tax liabilities of , and a corresponding cumulative-effect reduction to our opening retained earnings of , eliminating the bifurcation of the embedded conversion option; these amounts were not material to our overall consolidated financial position. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have an impact on our results of operations or our consolidated cash flows. Use of the if-converted method did not have an impact on our overall earnings per share calculation. 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU 2019-12 ). The amendments in ASU 2019-12 remove certain exceptions to the general principles in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740. The amendments also clarify and amend existing guidance to improve consistent application. The amendments became effective for our annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2020. The transition method (retrospective, modified retrospective, or prospective basis) related to the amendments depends on the applicable guidance, and all amendments for which there is no transition guidance specified are to be applied on a prospective basis. We adopted ASU 2019-12 on January 1, 2021, and the adoption did not have an impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Recent Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted: In November 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-11, Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Effective Date and Early Application ASU 2020-11 ). The amendments in ASU 2020-11 make changes to the effective date and early application of Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-12, Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts ASU 2018-12 ), which was issued in November 2018. The amendments in ASU 2020-11 extended the original effective date by one year, with the amendments required for our interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. This standard requires the Company to review cash flow assumptions for its long-duration insurance contracts at least annually and recognize the effect of changes in future cash flow assumptions in net income. This standard also requires the Company to update discount rate assumptions quarterly and recognize the effect of changes in these assumptions in other comprehensive income. The rate used to discount the Company s reserves for future policy benefits will be based on an estimate of the yield for an upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument with a duration profile matching that of the Company s liabilities. In addition, this standard changes the amortization method for deferred acquisition costs. The Company adopted the new standard on January 1, 2023, using the modified retrospective transition method for changes to the liability for future policy benefits and deferred acquisition costs as of the earliest period presented, January 1, 2021. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or related disclosures. 
 There were no other new accounting pronouncements that were issued or became effective during the year ended December 31, 2022 that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or financial statement disclosures. 
 -83- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 3. 
 . These acquisitions included Integra MLTC, Inc. Integra ), acquired May 2022, which is a managed long-term care plan that serves New York state Medicaid members, enabling adults with long-term care needs and disabilities to live safely and independently in their own homes. The purchase prices for all business combinations were allocated to the tangible and intangible net assets acquired based on management s initial estimates of their fair values, of which was allocated to finite-lived intangible assets, to indefinite-lived intangible assets, and to goodwill. The intangible assets and goodwill acquired were assigned to our Government Business reportable segment. The majority of goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the initial accounting for the acquisitions completed in 2022 had not been finalized. Any subsequent adjustments made to the assets acquired or liabilities assumed during the measurement period will be recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. The proforma effects of these acquisitions for prior periods were not material to our consolidated results of operations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed business combinations for total cash consideration of approximately . These acquisitions included myNEXUS, Inc. myNEXUS ), acquired April 2021, a comprehensive home-based nursing management company for payors, and MMM Holdings, LLC MMM ), acquired June 2021, including its Medicare Advantage plan, Medicaid plan, and other affiliated companies. The purchase prices for all business combinations were allocated to the tangible and intangible net assets acquired based on management s final estimates of their fair values, of which was allocated to finite-lived intangible assets, to indefinite-lived intangible assets, and to goodwill, including measurement period adjustments of during the year ended December 31, 2022. Of these amounts, was allocated to our Other reportable segment and to our Government Business reportable segment.The majority of goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Accounts receivable and other current assets Property, equipment and other long-term assets Medical claims and other policyholder liabilities payable ) ) Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net tangible assets ) 
 The preliminary purchase price allocations for the various business combinations are subject to adjustment as valuation analyses, primarily related to intangible assets and contingent and tax liabilities, are finalized. 
 -84- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 years years Provider and hospital relationships years years Other years years State Medicaid licenses Indefinite Indefinite Total intangible assets 
 The results of operations and financial condition of acquired entities have been included in our consolidated results and the results of the corresponding operating segment as of the date of acquisition. Through December 31, 2022, the impact of the acquired entities on revenue and net earnings was not material. Unaudited pro forma revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as if the acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2021 were immaterial for both periods. The pro forma effects of the acquisitions on net earnings were immaterial for both years. 
 Pending Acquisitions 
 Louisiana Health Service Indemnity Company (d/b/a Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana) 
 On January 23, 2023, we announced our entrance into an agreement to acquire Louisiana Health Service Indemnity Company, d/b/a Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana, an independent licensee of the BCBSA that provides healthcare plans to the Individual, Group, Medicaid and Medicare markets, primarily in the State of Louisiana. This acquisition aligns with our vision to be an innovative, valuable and inclusive healthcare partner by providing care management programs that improve the lives of the people we serve. The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the fourth quarter of 2023 and is subject to standard closing conditions and customary approvals. 
 BioPlus Parent, LLC 
 On November 9, 2022, we announced our entrance into an agreement with CarepathRx Aggregator, LLC to acquire its specialty pharmacy division, which includes BioPlus Parent, LLC BioPlus and subsidiaries. BioPlus is one of the largest independent specialty pharmacy organizations in the United States and seeks to connect payors and providers of specialty pharmaceuticals to meet the medication therapy needs of patients with complex medical conditions. This acquisition aligns with our vision to be an innovative, valuable and inclusive healthcare partner by providing care management programs that improve the lives of the people we serve. The acquisition was completed on February 15, 2023, and initial purchase accounting for the acquisition has not been finalized. 
 
 4. 
 in selling, general and administrative expenses. This charge includes for impairment and abandonment of operating-lease related ROU assets and for impairment and abandonment of property and equipment. In addition, we released of employee termination costs, as reflected in the table below. The net charges recognized in the Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business, CarelonRx and Other segments in 2022, were , , and , respectively. See Note 20, Segment Information for a discussion of our segments. 
 During 2021, we identified reductions of office space and recorded a charge of in selling, general and administrative expenses. This charge included for impairment and abandonment of operating-lease related ROU assets and for impairment and abandonment of property and equipment. The charges recognized in the Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business, CarelonRx and Other segments in 2021, were , , and , respectively. 
 -85- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 in selling, general and administrative expenses. This charge included for impairment and abandonment of operating-lease related ROU assets, for impairment and abandonment of property and equipment and for future payments for employee termination costs in connection with the repositioning and reskilling of our workforce. The charges recognized in the Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business, CarelonRx and Other segments in 2020, were , , and , respectively. 
 Payments ) ) ) ) Releases ) ) Total liabilities for employee termination costs ending balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 -86- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 5. 
 ) Government sponsored securities ) Foreign government securities ) ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions, tax-exempt ) Corporate securities ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) Total fixed maturity securities ) ) December 31, 2021 Fixed maturity securities: United States Government securities ) Government sponsored securities ) Foreign government securities ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions, tax-exempt 
 ) Corporate securities ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) Total fixed maturity securities ) ) 
 Other asset-backed securities primarily consist of collateralized loan obligations and other debt securities. 
 -87- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 ) ) Government sponsored securities ) ) Foreign government securities ) ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions, tax-exempt 
 ) ) Corporate securities ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) Total fixed maturity securities ) ) December 31, 2021 Fixed maturity securities: United States Government securities 
 ) ) Government sponsored securities 
 ) Foreign government securities ) ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions, tax-exempt 
 ) ) Corporate securities 
 ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) Other asset-backed securities ) ) Total fixed maturity securities ) ) 
 Unrealized losses on our securities shown in the table above have not been recognized into income because, as of December 31, 2022, we do not intend to sell these investments and it is likely that we will not be required to sell these investments prior to their anticipated recovery. The declines in fair values are largely due to increasing interest rates driven by the higher rate of inflation and other market conditions. 
 Allowances for credit losses have been recorded in the amounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for declines in fair value due to unfavorable changes in the credit quality characteristics that impact our assessment of collectability of principal and interest. 
 -88- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total fixed maturity securities 
 Equity Securities 
 Common equity securities Private equity securities Total 
 Investment Income 
 Equity securities Cash equivalents Other invested assets Investment income Investment expenses ) ) ) Net investment income 
 -89- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Gross realized losses from sales ) ) ) Impairment (losses) recoveries recognized in income ) ) Net realized gains on fixed maturity securities ) Equity securities: Unrealized (losses) gains recognized on equity securities still held ) Net realized (losses) gains recognized on equity securities sold ) ) Net (losses) gains on equity securities ) ) Other investments: Gross gains Gross losses ) ) Impairment losses recognized in income ) ) ) Net (losses) gains on other investments ) ) Net (losses) gains on investments ) 
 A primary objective in the management of our fixed maturity and equity portfolios is to maximize total return relative to underlying liabilities and respective liquidity needs. In achieving this goal, assets may be sold to take advantage of market conditions or other investment opportunities as well as tax considerations. Sales will generally produce realized gains and losses. In the ordinary course of business, we may sell securities at a loss for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to: (i) changes in the investment environment; (ii) expectations that the fair value could deteriorate further; (iii) desire to reduce exposure to an issuer or an industry; (iv) changes in credit quality; or (v) changes in expected cash flow. 
 Total proceeds from sales, maturities, calls or redemptions of fixed maturity securities was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 A significant judgment in the valuation of investments is the determination of when a credit loss has occurred. We follow a consistent and systematic process for recognizing impairments on securities that sustain credit declines in value. We have established a committee responsible for the impairment review process. The decision to impair a security incorporates both quantitative criteria and qualitative information. The impairment review process considers a number of factors including, but not limited to: (i) the extent to which the fair value is less than book value, (ii) the financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, (iii) our intent and ability to retain impaired investments for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, (iv) our intent to sell or the likelihood that we will need to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, (v) whether the debtor is current on interest and principal payments, (vi) the reasons for the decline in value (i.e., credit event compared to liquidity, general credit spread widening, currency exchange rate or interest rate factors) and (vii) general market conditions and industry or sector specific factors. When a decision has been made to sell an impaired security or it is more likely than not that the impaired security will be required to be disposed of prior to recovery of its cost basis, the security is written down to fair value at the reporting date. For all other impaired securities, if the impairment is deemed to be credit related, an allowance is created. 
 Investment securities are exposed to various risks, such as interest rate, market and credit. Due to the level of risk associated with certain investment securities and the level of uncertainty related to changes in the value of investment securities, it is possible that changes in these risk factors in the near term could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or shareholders equity. 
 -90- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 and , respectively, fixed maturity investments that did not produce income during the years then ended. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had committed approximately and , respectively, to future capital calls from various third-party investments in exchange for an ownership interest in the related entities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had committed approximately and , respectively, to future investments in rated notes. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities with carrying values of approximately and , respectively, were deposited by our insurance subsidiaries under requirements of regulatory authorities. 
 Accrued Investment Income 
 Accrued investment income totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recognize accrued investment income under the caption Other receivables on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Securities Lending Programs 
 The fair value of the collateral received at the time of the securities lending transactions amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The value of the collateral represented of the market value of the securities on loan at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We recognize the collateral as an asset under the caption Other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets, and we recognize a corresponding liability for the obligation to return the collateral to the borrower under the caption Other current liabilities. The securities on loan are reported in the applicable investment category on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 and , respectively, United States Government securities for and , respectively, and residential mortgage-backed securities for and , respectively. 

-91- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 6. 
 and , respectively, related to our derivative financial instruments. 
 Other assets/other liabilities ) Non-hedging instruments Derivatives embedded in convertible fixed maturity securities Fixed Maturity Securities Interest rate swaps Equity securities/other assets/other liabilities Options Other assets/other liabilities Collars Equity securities ) Futures Equity securities ) Subtotal non-hedging Subtotal non-hedging ) Total derivatives Total derivatives ) Amounts netted ) Net derivatives ) December 31, 2021 Hedging instruments Interest rate swaps - fixed to floating Other assets/other liabilities ) Non-hedging instruments Interest rate swaps Equity securities/other assets/other liabilities ) Options Other assets/other liabilities Collars Equity securities ) Futures Equity securities ) Subtotal non-hedging Subtotal non-hedging ) Total derivatives Total derivatives ) Amounts netted ) Net derivatives ) 
 -92- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Interest rate swap 
 2022 Interest rate swap 
 2022 Interest rate swap 2021 Interest rate swap 2021 Interest rate swap 2020 Interest rate swap 
 2018 Interest rate swap 
 2018 Total notional amount outstanding 
 
 ) 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 We have entered into a series of forward starting pay fixed interest rate swaps with the objective of eliminating the variability of cash flows in the interest payments on future financings that were anticipated at the time of entering into the swaps. During 2022 and 2021, swaps in the notional amount of and , respectively, were terminated. 
 The unrecognized loss for all expired and terminated cash flow hedges included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of amortization over the next twelve months for all cash flow hedges is estimated to increase interest expense by approximately . No amounts were excluded from effectiveness testing. 
 -93- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Interest rate swaps Net (losses) gains on financial instruments ) Options (including swaptions) Net (losses) gains on financial instruments Collars Net (losses) gains on financial instruments Futures Net (losses) gains on financial instruments Total Year ended December 31, 2021 Interest rate swaps Net (losses) gains on financial instruments ) Collars Net (losses) gains on financial instruments Futures Net (losses) gains on financial instruments Total Year ended December 31, 2020 Interest rate swaps Net (losses) gains on financial instruments ) Options Net (losses) gains on financial instruments ) Futures Net (losses) gains on financial instruments Total ) 
 
 7. 
 -94- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 -95- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale: United States Government securities Government sponsored securities Foreign government securities States, municipalities and political subdivisions, tax-exempt Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Other asset-backed securities Total fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale Equity securities: Exchange traded funds Common equity securities Private equity securities Total equity securities Other invested assets - common equity securities Securities lending collateral Derivatives - other assets Total assets Liabilities: Derivatives - other liabilities ) ) Total liabilities ) ) December 31, 2021 Assets: Cash equivalents Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale: United States Government securities Government sponsored securities Foreign government securities States, municipalities and political subdivisions, tax-exempt Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Other asset-backed securities Total fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale Equity securities: Exchange traded funds Common equity securities Private equity securities Total equity securities Other invested assets - common equity securities Securities lending collateral Derivatives - other assets Total assets Liabilities: Derivatives - other liabilities ) ) Total liabilities ) ) 
 -96- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Total gains (losses): Recognized in net income ) ) Recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into Level III Transfers out of Level III ) ) ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2022 Change in unrealized gains or losses included in net income related to assets still held at December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Beginning balance at January 1, 2021 Total gains (losses): Recognized in net income Recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income Purchases Sales ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Transfers into Level III Transfers out of Level III ) ) ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2021 Change in unrealized gains or losses included in net income related to assets still held at December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2020 Beginning balance at January 1, 2020 Total gains (losses): Recognized in net income ) ) ) Recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Transfers into Level III Transfers out of Level III ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2020 Change in unrealized gains or losses included in net income related to assets still held at December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 There were no individually material transfers into or out of Level III during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances. As disclosed in Note 3, Business Acquisitions, we completed our acquisition of Integra in 2022 and the acquisitions of myNEXUS and MMM 
 -97- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 -98- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Liabilities: Debt: Short-term borrowings Notes Convertible debentures December 31, 2021 Assets: Other invested assets Liabilities: Debt: Short-term borrowings Commercial paper Notes Convertible debentures 
 -99- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 8. 
 Bad debt reserves Insurance reserves Lease liabilities Retirement liabilities Deferred compensation Federal and state operating loss carryforwards Investment basis Other Subtotal Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred income tax assets U.S. federal and state intangible assets Foreign (including Puerto Rico) intangible assets Capitalized software Depreciation and amortization Investment basis Retirement assets Lease right-of-use asset Prepaid expenses Total deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax liabilities 
 We recognized and of deferred tax asset under the caption Other noncurrent assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recognized and of deferred tax liability under the caption Deferred tax liabilities, net at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have established U.S. deferred taxes for undistributed earnings from certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, which are included in the Investment basis component above, consistent with prior years. 
 Foreign (including Puerto Rico) State and local Total current tax expense Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Total income tax expense 
 -100- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 State and local income taxes net of federal tax expense/benefit 
 Tax exempt interest and dividends received deduction 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) HIP fee Basis adjustments from recent acquisitions ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized income tax expense of , or per diluted share. The decrease in effective income tax rate is primarily due to the impact of geographic changes in the mix of 2022 earnings. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized income tax expense of , or per diluted share. The HIP Fee payment was eliminated beginning in 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized income tax expense of , or per diluted share, which included income tax expense of , or per diluted share, as a result of the non-tax deductibility of the HIP Fee payment. 
 Additions based on: Tax positions related to current year Tax positions related to prior years Reductions based on: Tax positions related to prior years ) ) Balance at December 31 
 The table above excludes interest, net of related tax benefits, which is treated as income tax expense (benefit) under our accounting policy. The interest is included in the amounts described in the following paragraph. 
 The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would impact our effective tax rate in future periods, if recognized, was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Also included in the table above, at December 31, 2022, is that would be recognized as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital, which would not affect our effective tax rate. In addition to the contingent liabilities included in the table above, we filed protective state income tax refund claims of approximately and for 2022 and 2017, respectively. There were no equivalent protective state income tax refund claims filed in 2021, 2020, 2019 or 2018. 
 -101- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , and , respectively. We had accrued approximately and for the payment of interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, as further described below, certain tax years remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and various state, local and foreign authorities. As a result of these examinations and discussions with taxing agencies, we have recorded amounts for uncertain tax positions. It is anticipated that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next twelve months due to possible settlements of audits and changes in temporary items. However, the ultimate resolution of these items is dependent on the completion of negotiations with various taxing authorities. While it is difficult to determine when other tax settlements will actually occur, it is reasonably possible that one could occur in the next twelve months and our unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced within a range of approximately to . 
 We are a member of the IRS Compliance Assurance Process CAP ). The objective of CAP is to reduce taxpayer burden and uncertainty while assuring the IRS of the accuracy of tax returns prior to filing, thereby reducing or eliminating the need for post-filing examinations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the IRS examination of our 2022 and 2021 tax years continues to be in process. 
 In certain states, we pay premium taxes in lieu of state income taxes. Premium taxes are reported in selling, general and administrative expense. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of that will expire beginning 2032 through 2042 and that have an indefinite carryforward period. State net operating loss carryforwards expire beginning 2023 through 2042, with some having an indefinite carryforward period. 
 Income taxes receivable totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recognize the income tax receivable as an asset under the caption Other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, federal income taxes paid totaled , and , respectively. 
 
 9. 
 Computer equipment, furniture and other equipment Leasehold improvements Building and improvements Land and improvements Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. Amortization expense on computer software and leasehold improvements for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively, which includes amortization expense on computer software, both purchased and internally developed, for 2022, 2021 and 2020 of , and , respectively. Capitalized costs related to the internal development of software of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are reported with computer software. 
 , , and , respectively, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses and primarily related to our activities disclosed in Note 4, Business Optimization Initiatives. 
 -102- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 10. 
 Acquisitions and adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2021 Acquisitions and adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2022 Accumulated impairment as of December 31, 2022 
 As required by FASB guidance, we completed annual impairment tests of existing goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives during 2022, 2021 and 2020. We perform these annual impairment tests during the fourth quarter. FASB guidance also requires interim impairment testing to be performed when potential impairment indicators exist. These tests involve the use of estimates related to the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives and require a significant degree of management judgment and the use of subjective assumptions. Qualitative testing procedures include assessing our financial performance, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, various asset specific factors and entity specific events. For quantitative testing, the fair values are estimated using the projected income and market valuation approaches, incorporating Level III internal estimates for inputs, including, but not limited to, revenue projections, income projections, cash flows and discount rates. We did not incur any impairment losses in 2022, 2021 or 2020, as the estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values. 
 ) ) Provider and hospital relationships ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Intangible assets with indefinite lives: Blue Cross and Blue Shield and other trademarks State Medicaid licenses Total Other intangible assets ) ) 
 In 2022, due to our acquisition of Integra, we recorded intangible assets and due to our new branding strategy, reclassified of trademarks with indefinite lives to Intangible assets with finite lives - Other. In addition, the amortization period of certain intangible assets was shortened to align with the anticipated dates the new branding will take place. 
 Intangible assets, along with the related accumulated amortization, are removed from the table above at the end of the fiscal year in which they become fully amortized. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years is as follows: 2023, ; 2024, ; 2025, ; 2026, ; and 2027, . 
 -103- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 11. 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan participant contributions Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year 
 -104- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Plan participant contributions Settlements ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 
 Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Net amount at December 31 ) Prior service credit Net amount before tax at December 31 ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plans was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, certain pension plans had accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets. Such plans had accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets of and , respectively. In addition, certain plans had projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets. Such plans had projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets of and , respectively. 
 Rate of compensation increase Expected rate of return on plan assets Interest crediting rate 
 -105- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Expected return on assets ) ) ) Recognized actuarial loss Settlement loss Net periodic benefit credit ) ) ) Other Benefits Service cost Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Net periodic benefit credit ) ) ) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred total settlement losses of , and , respectively, as lump-sum payments exceeded the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for certain of our plans. 
 Rate of compensation increase Expected rate of return on plan assets Interest crediting rate Other Benefits Discount rate Rate of compensation increase Expected rate of return on plan assets Interest crediting rate 
 The assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of pre-Medicare (those who are not currently eligible for Medicare benefits) other benefits at our December 31, 2022 measurement date was for 2023, with a gradual decline to by the year . The assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of post-Medicare (those who are currently eligible for Medicare benefits) other benefits at our December 31, 2022 measurement date was for 2023, with a gradual decline to by the year . These estimated trend rates are subject to change in the future. 
 Plan assets include a diversified mix of equity securities, investment grade fixed maturity securities and other types of investments across a range of sectors and levels of capitalization to maximize long-term return for a prudent level of risk. The weighted-average target allocation for pension benefit plan assets is equity securities, fixed maturity securities, and to all other types of investments. Equity securities primarily include a mix of domestic securities, foreign securities and mutual funds invested in equities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include treasury securities, corporate bonds and asset-backed investments issued by corporations and the U.S. government. Other types of investments include insurance contracts 
 -106- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no significant concentrations of investments in the pension benefit assets or other benefit assets. No plan assets were invested in Elevance Health common stock. 
 Pension benefit assets and other benefit assets recorded at fair value are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. 
 -107- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , and excluding estimated claims settlements to be paid from other benefit assets of ), are as follows (see Note 7, Fair Value, for additional information regarding the definition of level inputs): Level I Level II Level III Total December 31, 2022 Pension Benefit Assets: Equity securities: U.S. securities Foreign securities Mutual funds Fixed maturity securities: Government securities Corporate securities Asset-backed securities Other types of investments: Commingled fund Insurance company contracts Total pension benefit assets at fair value Partnership investments Total pension benefit assets Other Benefit Assets: Equity securities: U.S. securities Foreign securities Mutual funds Fixed maturity securities: Government securities Corporate securities Asset-backed securities Other types of investments: Commingled fund Life insurance contracts Investment in DOL 103-12 trust Total other benefit assets 
 -108- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , and excluding estimated claims settlements to be paid from other benefit assets of ), are as follows: Level I Level II Level III Total December 31, 2021 Pension Benefit Assets: Equity securities: U.S. securities Foreign securities Mutual funds Fixed maturity securities: Government securities Corporate securities Asset-backed securities Other types of investments: Commingled fund Insurance company contracts Total pension benefit assets at fair value Partnership investments Total pension benefit assets Other Benefit Assets: Equity securities: U.S. securities Foreign securities Mutual funds Fixed maturity securities: Government securities Corporate securities Asset-backed securities Other types of investments: Commingled fund Life insurance contracts Investment in DOL 103-12 trust Total other benefit assets 
 -109- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Actual return on plan assets relating to assets still held at the reporting date 
 ) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Beginning balance at January 1, 2021 Actual return on plan assets relating to assets still held at the reporting date 
 ) Purchases Sales ) ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2020 Beginning balance at January 1, 2020 Actual return on plan assets relating to assets still held at the reporting date 
 Purchases Sales ) ) Ending balance at December 31, 2020 
 There were no other transfers into or out of Level III during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Our current funding strategy is to fund an amount at least equal to the minimum required funding as determined under ERISA with consideration of maximum tax deductible amounts. We may elect to make discretionary contributions up to the maximum amount deductible for income tax purposes. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no material contributions were necessary to meet ERISA required funding levels. However, during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we made tax deductible discretionary contributions to the pension benefit plans of , , and , respectively. Employer contributions to other benefit plans represent discretionary contributions and do not include payments to retirees for current benefits. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 -110- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 12. 
 Ceded medical claims payable, beginning of year ) ) ) Net medical claims payable, beginning of year Business combinations and purchase adjustments Net incurred medical claims: Current year Prior years redundancies ) ) ) ) Total net incurred medical claims Net payments attributable to: Current year medical claims Prior years medical claims Total net payments Net medical claims payable, end of year Ceded medical claims payable, end of year Gross medical claims payable, end of year 
 
 -111- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Ceded medical claims payable, beginning of year ) ) ) Net medical claims payable, beginning of year Business combinations and purchase adjustments Net incurred medical claims: Current year Prior years redundancies ) ) ) ) Total net incurred medical claims Net payments attributable to: Current year medical claims Prior years medical claims Total net payments Net medical claims payable, end of year Ceded medical claims payable, end of year Gross medical claims payable, end of year 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for medical claims payable, by segment, for the year ended December 31, 2020 is as follows: 
 Commercial Specialty Business Government Business Other Total Gross medical claims payable, beginning of year Ceded medical claims payable, beginning of year ) ) ) Net medical claims payable, beginning of year Business combinations and purchase adjustments Net incurred medical claims: Current year Prior years redundancies ) ) ) Total net incurred medical claims Net payments attributable to: Current year medical claims Prior years medical claims Total net payments Net medical claims payable, end of year Ceded medical claims payable, end of year Gross medical claims payable, end of year 
 Amounts incurred related to prior years vary from previously estimated liabilities as the claims are ultimately settled. Liabilities at any period-end are continually reviewed and re-estimated as information regarding actual claims payments, or runout, becomes known. This information is compared to the originally established year end liability. Negative amounts reported for incurred medical claims related to prior years result from claims being settled for amounts less than originally 
 -112- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 shown above for the year ended December 31, 2022 represents an estimate based on paid claim activity from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. Medical claim liabilities are usually described as having a short tail, which means that they are generally paid within twelve months of the member receiving service from the provider. Accordingly, the majority of the redundancy relates to claims incurred in calendar year 2021.) ) ) Assumed completion factors ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The favorable development recognized in 2022 resulted primarily from trend factors in late 2021 developing more favorably than originally expected as well as a smaller contribution from completion factor development. 
 The favorable development recognized in 2021 resulted primarily from trend factors in late 2020 developing more favorably than originally expected as well as a smaller but significant contribution from completion factor development. 
 The favorable development recognized in 2020 resulted primarily from trend factors in late 2019 developing more favorably than originally expected as well as a smaller contribution from completion factor development. 
 Government Business Other Total net incurred medical claims Quality improvement and other claims expense Benefit expense 
 -113- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 2021 2022 Total 
 Paid claims development, net of reinsurance, for the Commercial Specialty Business for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 
 Commercial Specialty Business Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 2020 2021 Claim Years (Unaudited) (Unaudited) 2022 2020 Prior 2021 2022 Total 
 At December 31, 2022, the total of incurred but not reported liabilities plus expected development on reported claims for the Commercial Specialty Business was , and for the claim years 2020 and prior, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the cumulative number of reported claims for the Commercial Specialty Business was , and for the claim years 2020 and prior, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Incurred claims development, net of reinsurance, for the Government Business as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 
 Government Business Cumulative Incurred Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 2020 2021 Claim Years (Unaudited) (Unaudited) 2022 2020 Prior 2021 2022 Total 
 -114- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 2021 2022 Total 
 At December 31, 2022, the total of incurred but not reported liabilities plus expected development on reported claims for the Government Business was , and for the claim years 2020 and prior, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the cumulative number of reported claims for the Government Business was , and for the claim years 2020 and prior, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Incurred claims development, net of reinsurance, for Other as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 
 Other Cumulative Incurred Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 2020 2021 Claim Years (Unaudited) (Unaudited) 2022 2020 Prior 2021 2022 Total 
 Paid claims development, net of reinsurance, for Other as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 
 Other Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 2020 2021 Claim Years (Unaudited) (Unaudited) 2022 2020 Prior 2021 2022 Total 
 At December 31, 2022, the total of incurred but not reported liabilities plus expected development on reported claims for Other was , and for the claim years 2020 and prior, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the cumulative number of reported claims for Other was , , and for the claim years 2020 and prior, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 The information about incurred claims development, paid claims development and cumulative number of reported claims for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 for our Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business and Other is unaudited and presented as supplementary information. 
 The cumulative number of reported claims for each claim year for our Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business and Other have been developed using historical data captured by our claim payment systems. The provided claim 
 -115- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Less: Cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance Net medical claims payable, end of year Ceded medical claims payable, end of year Insurance lines other than short duration Gross medical claims payable, end of year 
 
 13. 
 and , respectively, were outstanding under our short-term FHLB borrowings. Outstanding short-term FHLB borrowings at December 31, 2022 had fixed interest rates of . 
 Through certain subsidiaries, we have entered into multiple 364-day lines of credit (the Subsidiary Credit Facilities with separate lenders for general corporate purposes. The Subsidiary Credit Facilities provide combined credit of up to . The interest rate on each line of credit is based on the LIBOR rate plus a predetermined rate. Our ability to borrow under the lines of credit is subject to compliance with certain covenants. At each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was outstanding under our Subsidiary Credit Facilities. 
 -116- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , due 2022 
 , due 2022 
 , due 2023 
 , due 2023 
 , due 2024 
 , due 2024 
 , due 2025 
 , due 2025 
 , due 2026 
 , due 2027 
 , due 2028 
 , due 2029 
 , due 2030 
 , due 2031 
 , due 2032 
 , due 2032 
 , due 2034 
 , due 2036 
 , due 2037 
 , due 2040 
 , due 2042 
 , due 2043 
 , due 2044 
 , due 2044 
 , due 2047 
 , due 2048 
 , due 2049 
 , due 2050 
 , due 2051 
 , due 2052 
 , due 2052 
 , due 2054 
 Surplus note: , due 2027 
 Senior convertible debentures: , due 2042 
 Variable rate debt: Commercial paper program Total long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, less current portion 
 -117- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ), aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2033 (the 2033 Notes ), and aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2053 (the 2053 Notes under our shelf registration statement. Interest on the 2026 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 8 and August 8 of each year, commencing August 8, 2023. Interest on the 2033 Notes and 2053 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing August 15, 2023. We intend to use the proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the funding of acquisitions, repayment of short-term and long-term debt and the repurchase of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
 On December 1, 2022, we repaid, at maturity, the outstanding balance of our senior unsecured notes. 
 On November 4, 2022, we issued aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2025, aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2032 and aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2052 under our shelf registration statement. Interest on these notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing April 15, 2023. We used the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, such as the funding of acquisitions, repayment of short-term and long-term debt and the repurchase of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
 On May 16, 2022, we repaid, at maturity, the outstanding balance of our senior unsecured notes. 
 On April 29, 2022, we issued aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2032 and aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2052 under our shelf registration statement. Interest on these notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing November 15, 2022. We used the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, such as the funding of acquisitions, repayment of short-term and long-term debt and the repurchase of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
 On May 15, 2021, we redeemed the outstanding principal balance of our Notes due August 15, 2021 
 On March 17, 2021, we issued aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2023, aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2026, aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2031 and aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2051 under our shelf registration statement. Interest on these notes is payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing September 15, 2021. We used the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, such as the funding of acquisitions, repayment of short-term and long-term debt and the repurchase of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
 Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased of outstanding principal amount of certain other senior unsecured notes, plus applicable premium for early redemption plus accrued and unpaid interest, for cash totaling . We recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of for the repurchase of these notes. 
 On November 23, 2020, we repaid, at maturity, the outstanding balance of our senior unsecured notes. On August 17, 2020, we repaid, at maturity, the outstanding balance of our senior unsecured notes. 
 Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we repurchased of outstanding principal amount of certain other senior unsecured notes, plus applicable premium for early redemption plus accrued and unpaid interest, for cash totaling . We recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of for the repurchase of these notes. 
 -118- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 aggregate principal amount of additional senior notes pursuant to a reopening of our existing Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes ), and aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2050 (the 2050 Notes under our shelf registration statement. The 2025 Notes constitute an additional issuance of our notes due 2025, of which aggregate principal amount was issued on September 9, 2019 . Interest on the 2025 Notes is deemed to have accrued from January 15, 2020 and is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing July 15, 2020. Interest on the 2030 Notes and 2050 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing November 15, 2020. The proceeds were used for working capital and general corporate purposes, such as the funding of acquisitions, repayment of short-term and long-term debt and the repurchase of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
 The surplus note is an unsecured obligation of Anthem Insurance Companies, Inc. Anthem Insurance ), a wholly owned subsidiary, and is subordinate in right of payment to all of Anthem Insurance s existing and future indebtedness. Any payment of interest or principal on the surplus note may be made only with the prior approval of the Indiana Department of Insurance IDOI and only out of capital and surplus funds of Anthem Insurance that the IDOI determines to be available for the payment under Indiana insurance laws. 
 We have a senior revolving credit facility (the 5-Year Facility with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. On April 18, 2022, we amended and restated the credit agreement for the 5-Year Facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the 5-Year Facility from June 2024 to April 2027 and increase the amount of credit available under the 5-Year Facility from to . , which was scheduled to mature in June 2022 (the 2021 364-Day Facility ). In June 2021, we terminated our 364-day senior revolving credit facility (the prior 364-Day Facility ), which was scheduled to mature in June 2021, and entered into the 2021 364-Day Facility with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. There were no amounts outstanding under the 5-Year Facility, the 2021 364-Day Facility or the prior 364-Day Facility at any time during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 We have an authorized commercial paper program of up to , the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes. In July 2022, we increased the amount available under the commercial paper program from to 4,000. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding under our commercial paper program. At December 31, 2021, we had outstanding under our commercial paper program with a weighted-average interest rate of . Commercial paper borrowings have been classified as long-term debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021, as our general practice and intent is to replace short-term commercial paper outstanding at expiration with additional short-term commercial paper for an uninterrupted period extending for more than one year, and we have the ability to redeem our commercial paper with borrowings under the credit facilities described above. 
 Convertible Debentures 
 On October 9, 2012, we issued of senior convertible debentures (the Debentures in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Debentures are governed by an indenture dated as of October 9, 2012 between us and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Indenture ). The Debentures bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears in cash on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and mature on October 15, 2042, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted into shares of common stock at the applicable conversion rate. 
 -119- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 trading days during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the applicable conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per (whole dollars) principal amount of Debentures for each trading day of that measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the applicable conversion rate on each such day; (3) if we call any or all of the Debentures for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, as defined in the Indenture. On and after and until the close of business on the third scheduled trading day immediately preceding the Debentures maturity date of , holders may convert their Debentures into common stock at any time irrespective of the preceding circumstances. The Debentures are redeemable at our option at any time on or after , upon the occurrence of certain events, as defined in the Indenture. 
 On February 13, 2023, we delivered notice to redeem all of the outstanding Debentures. The Debentures will be redeemed on at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Debentures plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 Upon conversion of the Debentures, we will deliver cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Debentures converted. With respect to any conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Debentures converted, we have the option to settle the excess with cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof based on a daily conversion value, determined in accordance with the Indenture. The initial conversion rate for the Debentures was shares of our common stock per Debenture, which represented a conversion premium based on the closing price of per share of our common stock on October 2, 2012 (the date the Debentures terms were finalized) and is equivalent to an initial conversion price of per share of our common stock. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, aggregate principal amount of the Debentures was surrendered for conversion by certain holders in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Indenture. We elected to settle the excess of the principal amount of the conversion with cash for total payments of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, aggregate principal amount of the Debentures was surrendered for conversion by certain holders in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Indenture. We elected to settle the excess of the principal amount of the conversions with cash for total payments of . We recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt related to the Debentures of , based on the fair values of the debt on the conversion settlement dates. During the year ended December 31, 2020, aggregate principal amount of the Debentures was surrendered for conversion by certain holders in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Indenture. We elected to settle the excess of the principal amount of the conversions with cash for total payments of . We recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt related to the Debentures of , based on the fair values of the debt on the conversion settlement dates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our common stock was last traded at a price of per share. If the remaining Debentures had been converted or matured at December 31, 2022, we would have been obligated to pay the principal of the Debentures plus an amount in cash or shares equal to . The Debentures and underlying shares of our common stock have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 
 We accounted for the Debentures in accordance with the FASB cash conversion guidance for debt with conversion and other options at the time of issue. As a result, the value of the embedded conversion option, net of deferred taxes and equity issuance costs, was bifurcated from its debt host and recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital in our consolidated balance sheets.We adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 using the modified retrospective transition method, which resulted in an increase to our reported debt outstanding of , a decrease of our deferred tax liabilities of and a corresponding cumulative-effect reduction to our opening retained earnings of , eliminating the bifurcation of the embedded conversion option. 
 -120- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Net debt carrying amount Conversion rate (shares of common stock per 1,000 of principal amount) Effective conversion price (per 1,000 of principal amount) 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized , and , respectively, of interest expense related to the Debentures, of which , and , respectively, represented interest expense recognized at the stated interest rate of and , and , respectively, represented interest expense resulting from amortization of the debt discount. 
 Interest paid on our total outstanding debt during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 We were in compliance with all applicable covenants under all of our outstanding debt agreements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Future maturities of all long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2023, ; 2024, ; 2025, ; 2026, ; 2027, and thereafter, . 
 
 14. 
 to approximately at December 31, 2022. This estimated aggregate range of reasonably possible losses is based upon currently available information taking into account our best estimate of such losses for which such an estimate can be made. 
 Blue Cross Blue Shield Antitrust Litigation 
 We are a defendant in multiple lawsuits that were initially filed in 2012 against the BCBSA and Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield licensees (the Blue plans across the country. Cases filed in twenty-eight states were consolidated into a single, multi-district proceeding captioned In re Blue Cross Blue Shield Antitrust Litigation that is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama (the Court ). Generally, the suits allege that the BCBSA and the Blue plans have 
 -121- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 into an escrow account in September 2022, for an aggregate and full settlement payment by the Company of , which was previously accrued in 2020. 
 Four notices of appeal of the Final Approval Order were filed by the September 2022 appeal deadline. Those appeals are proceeding in the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. In the event that all appellate rights are exhausted in a manner that affirms the Court s Final Approval Order, the defendants payment and non-monetary obligations under the Subscriber Settlement Agreement will become effective and the funds held in escrow will be distributed in accordance with the Subscriber Settlement Agreement. 
 In October 2020, after the Court lifted the stay as to the provider litigation, provider plaintiffs filed a renewed motion for class certification, which defendants opposed. In March 2021, the Court issued an order terminating the pending motion for class certification until the Court determines the standard of review applicable to the providers claims. In May 2021, the defendants and provider plaintiffs filed renewed standard of review motions. In June 2021, the parties filed summary judgment motions not critically dependent on class certification. In February 2022, the Court issued orders (i) granting certain defendants motion for partial summary judgment against the provider plaintiffs who had previously released claims against such defendants, and (ii) granting the provider plaintiffs motion for partial summary judgment, holding that Ohio v. American Express Co . does not affect the standard of review in this case. In August 2022, the Court issued orders (i) granting in part the defendants motion regarding the antitrust standard of review, holding that for the period of time after the elimination of the national best efforts rule, the rule of reason applies to the provider plaintiffs market allocation conspiracy claims, and (ii) denying the provider plaintiffs motion for partial summary judgment on the standard of review, reaffirming its prior holding that the providers group boycott claims are subject to the rule of reason. In November 2022, the Court issued an order requiring the parties to submit supplemental briefs on certain questions related to providers renewed motion for class certification. We intend to continue to vigorously defend the provider litigation, which we believe is without merit; however, its ultimate outcome cannot be presently determined. 
 -122- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 on gross premiums. As a licensed Health Care Service Plan, BCC has paid the California Corporate Franchise Tax CFT ), the tax paid by California businesses generally. Plaintiff contends that BCC must pay the GPT rather than the CFT and seeks a writ of mandate directing the taxing agencies to collect the GPT and an order requiring BCC to pay GPT back taxes, interest, and penalties for the eight-year period prior to the filing of the complaint. 
 Because the GPT is constitutionally imposed in lieu of certain other taxes, BCC has filed protective tax refund claims with the City of Los Angeles, the California Department of Health Care Services and the Franchise Tax Board to protect its rights to recover certain taxes previously paid should BCC eventually be determined to be subject to the GPT for the tax periods at issue in the litigation. 
 In March 2018, the Superior Court denied BCC s motion for judgment on the pleadings and similar motions brought by other entities. In December 2020, the Superior Court granted BCC s motion for summary judgment, dismissing the plaintiff s lawsuit. In November 2021, the plaintiff appealed the summary judgment order. BCC s responding brief was filed in March 2022 and Plaintiff s reply was filed in May 2022. We estimate that the appeal will be heard in March 2023. We intend to vigorously defend the appeal of this lawsuit. 
 Express Scripts, Inc. Pharmacy Benefit Management Litigation 
 In March 2016, we filed a lawsuit against Express Scripts, Inc. Express Scripts ), our vendor at the time for PBM services, captioned Anthem, Inc. v. Express Scripts, Inc. , in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (the District Court ). The lawsuit seeks to recover over in damages for pharmacy pricing that is higher than competitive benchmark pricing under the agreement between the parties (the ESI PBM Agreement ), over in damages related to operational breaches, as well as various declarations under the ESI PBM Agreement, including that Express Scripts: (i) breached its obligation to negotiate in good faith and to agree in writing to new pricing terms; (ii) was required to provide competitive benchmark pricing to us through the term of the ESI PBM Agreement; (iii) has breached the ESI PBM Agreement; and (iv) is required under the ESI PBM Agreement to provide post-termination services, at competitive benchmark pricing, for one year following any termination. 
 Express Scripts has disputed our contractual claims and is seeking declaratory judgments: (i) regarding the timing of the periodic pricing review under the ESI PBM Agreement, and (ii) that it has no obligation to ensure that we receive any specific level of pricing, that we have no contractual right to any change in pricing under the ESI PBM Agreement and that its sole obligation is to negotiate proposed pricing terms in good faith. In the alternative, Express Scripts claims that we have been unjustly enriched by its payment of at the time we entered into the ESI PBM Agreement. In March 2017, the District Court granted our motion to dismiss Express Scripts counterclaims for (i) breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and (ii) unjust enrichment with prejudice. After such ruling, Express Scripts only remaining claims were for breach of contract and declaratory relief. In August 2021, Express Scripts filed a motion for summary judgment, which we opposed. In March 2022, the District Court granted in part and denied in part Express Scripts motion for summary 
 -123- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 -124- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 . We will have the ability to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of certain events, subject to early termination fees. 
 In the second quarter of 2019, we began using our pharmacy benefits manager CarelonRx, formerly known as IngenioRx, to market and offer PBM services to our affiliated health plan customers, as well as to external customers outside of the health plans we own. The comprehensive PBM services portfolio includes, but is not limited to, formulary management, pharmacy networks, prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. CarelonRx delegates certain PBM administrative functions, such as claims processing and prescription fulfillment, to CaremarkPCS Health, L.L.C., which is a subsidiary of CVS Health Corporation, pursuant to a five-year agreement, which is set to terminate on December 31, 2024. With CarelonRx, we retain the responsibilities for clinical and formulary strategy and development, member and employer experiences, operations, sales, marketing, account management and retail network strategy. 
 Vulnerability from Concentrations 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, investment securities, premium receivables and instruments held through hedging activities. All investment securities are managed by professional investment managers within policies authorized by our Board of Directors. Such policies limit the amounts that may be invested in any one issuer and prescribe certain investee company criteria. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to premium receivables are limited due to the large number of employer groups that constitute our customer base in the states in which we conduct business. As of December 31, 2022, there were no significant concentrations of financial instruments in a single investee, industry or geographic location. 
 
 15. 
 shares, subject to adjustment as set forth in the 2017 Incentive Plan. 
 Stock options are granted for a fixed number of shares with an exercise price at least equal to the fair value of the shares at the grant date. Stock options vest over in equal annual installments and generally have a term of from the grant date. 
 Certain option grants contain provisions whereby the employee continues to vest in the award subsequent to termination due to retirement. Our attribution method for newly granted awards considers all vesting and other provisions, including retirement eligibility, in determining the requisite service period over which the fair value of the awards will be recognized. 
 Awards of restricted stock or restricted stock units are issued at the fair value of the stock on the grant date and may also include one or more performance measures that must be met for the award to vest. For restricted stock or restricted stock 
 -125- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , and , respectively, as well as related tax benefits of , and , respectively. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to , and , respectively. We recognized tax benefits of , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from option exercises and disqualifying dispositions. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received cash of , and , respectively, from exercises of stock options. 
 The total fair value of restricted stock awards that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted approximately restricted stock units that are contingent upon us achieving certain revenue and earnings targets over the three year period of 2022 to 2024. These grants have been included in the activity shown above, but will be subject to adjustment at the end of 2024, based on results in the three year period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options and restricted stock, including restricted stock units and performance units, amounted to and , respectively, which will be amortized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service periods of months and months, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately shares of common stock available for future grants under the 2017 Incentive Plan. 
 -126- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Volatility factor Dividend yield (annual) Weighted-average expected life (years) 
 Restricted stock awards granted during the year 
 The binomial lattice option-pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility. Because our stock option grants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in our opinion, existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of our stock option grants. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 We have registered shares of common stock for the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Stock Purchase Plan ), which is intended to provide a means to encourage and assist employees in acquiring a stock ownership interest in Elevance Health. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Plan, an eligible employee is permitted to purchase no more than (actual dollars) worth of stock in any calendar year, based on the fair value of the stock at the end of each plan quarter. Employees become participants by electing payroll deductions from to of gross compensation. Once purchased, the stock is accumulated in the employee s investment account. The Stock Purchase Plan allows participants to purchase shares of our common stock at a discounted price per share of of the fair value of a share of common stock on the lower of the first or last trading day of the plan quarter purchase period. The Stock Purchase Plan discount was recognized as compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, based on GAAP guidance. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we issued , and shares, respectively, under the Stock Purchase Plan, and we received cash of , and , respectively, for such shares. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for issuance under the Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Use of Capital and Stock Repurchase Program 
 We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases and dividends to shareholders. The declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock or debt is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, regulatory and capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 -127- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 On January 24, 2023, our Audit Committee declared a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of per share on the outstanding shares of our common stock. This quarterly dividend is payable on to the shareholders of record as of . 
 Under our Board of Directors authorization, we maintain a common stock repurchase program. On January 26, 2021, our Audit Committee, pursuant to authorization granted by the Board of Directors, authorized a increase to our common stock repurchase program. On January 24, 2023, our Audit Committee, pursuant to authorization granted by the Board of Directors, authorized a increase to our common stock repurchase program. No duration has been placed on our common stock repurchase program, and we reserve the right to discontinue the program at any time. We intend to utilize this authorization over a multi-year period, subject to market and industry conditions. Repurchases may be made from time to time at prevailing market prices, subject to certain restrictions on volume, pricing and timing. The repurchases are affected from time to time in the open market, through negotiated transactions, including accelerated share repurchase agreements, and through plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our stock repurchase program is discretionary, as we are under no obligation to repurchase shares. We repurchase shares under the program when we believe it is a prudent use of capital. The excess cost of the repurchased shares over par value is charged on a pro rata basis to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. 
 Average price per share Aggregate cost Authorization remaining at end of year 
 We expect to utilize the remaining authorized amount over a multi-year period, subject to market and industry conditions. 
 For additional information regarding the use of capital for debt security repurchases, see Note 13, Debt. 
 -128- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 16. 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications, net of tax benefit (expense) of , , and ), respectively 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax benefit (expense) of ), , and ), respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) End of year balance ) Non-credit components of impairments on investments: Beginning of year balance ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax (expense) benefit of , ),and , respectively 
 ) End of year balance ) ) Net cash flow hedges: Beginning of year balance ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax expense of ), ), and ), respectively 
 End of year balance ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits: Beginning of year balance ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax expense of ), ), and ), respectively 
 ) ) End of year balance ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments: Beginning of year balance ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax benefit (expense) of , , and ) 
 ) ) End of year balance ) ) Total: Total beginning of year accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax benefit (expense) of , , and ), respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax (expense) benefit of ), , and , respectively 
 Total end of year accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 -129- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 17. 
 Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net premiums Percentage assumed to net premiums 
 
 The difference between written premiums and earned premiums is immaterial in each of the years presented above. 
 Government Business Other Net premiums 
 Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net benefit expense 
 
 18. 
 year to years. 
 Lease liabilities, current Other current liabilities Lease liabilities, noncurrent Other noncurrent liabilities 
 -130- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Short-term and variable lease expense Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease expense 
 Our activities as disclosed in Note 4, Business Optimization Initiatives, include reducing our office space footprint. As a result, we performed an interim impairment test during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and recorded impairment charges of , and , respectively, for impairment and abandonment of ROU assets which are included in the operating lease expense shown above. 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 Other information Operating cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities, operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities, operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term in years, operating leases Weighted average discount rate, operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 19. 
 Effect of dilutive securities employee stock options, non-vested restricted stock awards, convertible debentures and equity units 
 Denominator for diluted earnings per share 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, weighted-average shares related to certain stock options of , and , respectively, were excluded from the denominator for diluted earnings per share because the stock options were anti-dilutive. 
 -131- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 , and restricted stock units, respectively, of which vesting was contingent upon us meeting certain earnings targets. Contingent restricted stock units are excluded from the denominator for diluted earnings per share and are included only if and when the contingency is met. The 2022 contingent restricted stock units are being measured over the three year period of 2022 through 2024, the 2021 contingent restricted stock units are being measured over the three year period of 2021 through 2023 and the 2020 contingent restricted stock units are being measured over the three year period of 2020 through 2022. Contingent restricted stock units generally vest in March of the year following each measurement period. 
 
 20. 
 reportable segments: Commercial Specialty Business, Government Business, CarelonRx (formerly known as IngenioRx) and Other. 
 Our Commercial Specialty Business segment offers plans and services to our Individual, Group risk-based, Group fee-based and BlueCard members. The Commercial Specialty Business segment offers health products on a full-risk basis; provides a broad array of administrative managed care services to our fee-based customers; and provides a variety of specialty and other insurance products and services such as dental, vision, life, disability and supplemental health insurance benefits. 
 Our Government Business segment includes our Medicare and Medicaid businesses, National Government Services NGS and services provided to the federal government in connection with the FEHB business. 
 Our CarelonRx segment includes our PBM business. CarelonRx markets and offers PBM services to our affiliated health plan customers, as well as to external customers outside of the health plans we own. CarelonRx has a comprehensive PBM services portfolio, which includes services such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, prescription drug database, member services and mail order capabilities. 
 Our Other segment includes our Diversified Business Group, now known as Carelon Services, which is our health services business focused on lowering the cost and improving the quality of healthcare by enabling and creating new care delivery and payment models, with a special emphasis on serving those with complex and chronic conditions. This segment also includes certain eliminations and corporate expenses not allocated to our other reportable segments. 
 As discussed in Note 1 Organization , we will be organizing our brand portfolio into three core go-to-market brands over the next several years. As we continue our journey to evolve our business from a traditional health insurance company into a lifetime, trusted health partner, we are evaluating and making changes to how we manage our business. This included a review of the products in each of our operating segments, which resulted in restructurings between some of our operating segments. Therefore, our reportable segment presentation in 2023 and its composition will reflect how we began managing our operations and monitoring performance, aligning strategies and allocating resources on January 1, 2023. As a result of these changes, beginning with our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2023, we will report our results in the following four reportable segments: (i) Health Benefits, which will combine our existing Commercial Specialty Business and Government Business segments; (ii) our existing CarelonRx segment; (iii) Carelon Services (our former Diversified Business Group), which will be carved out from our existing Other segment; and (iv) Corporate and Other, which will include businesses that do not individually meet the quantitative thresholds for an operating segment, as well as corporate expenses not allocated to our other reportable segments. We expect to reclassify previously reported information to conform to the new presentation. 
 We define operating revenues to include premium income, product revenue and administrative fees and other revenues. Operating revenues are derived from premiums and fees received, primarily from the sale and administration of health benefit and pharmacy products and services. Operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expense. 
 Affiliated revenues represent revenues or costs for services provided to our subsidiaries by CarelonRx and Carelon Services, as well as certain back-office services provided by our international businesses, and are recorded at cost or management s estimate of fair market value. These affiliated revenues are eliminated in consolidation. For segment reporting, we present all capitation risk arrangements on a gross basis; therefore, eliminations also include adjustments for capitated risk arrangements that are recognized on a net basis under GAAP. 
 -132- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 of our total consolidated revenues from agencies of the U.S. government for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The majority of these revenues are contained in our Government Business segment. An immaterial amount of our total consolidated revenues is derived from activities outside of the U.S. and Puerto Rico. 
 The accounting policies of the segments are consistent with those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, except that all capitation risk arrangements are reported on a gross basis with an adjustment included in eliminations for capitated risk arrangements that are presented on a net basis under GAAP. We evaluate performance of the reportable segments based on operating gain or loss as defined above. We evaluate net investment income, net gains (losses) on financial instruments, interest expense, amortization expense, gain or loss on extinguishment of debt, income taxes and assets and liabilities on a consolidated basis, as these items are managed in a corporate shared service environment and are not the responsibility of segment operating management. 
 Operating revenue - affiliated 
 ) Operating gain Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 Operating revenue - unaffiliated 
 Operating revenue - affiliated 
 ) Operating gain (loss) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 Operating revenue - unaffiliated 
 Operating revenue - affiliated 
 ) Operating gain (loss) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 
 
 -133- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Managed care services Dental/Vision products and services Other Total Commercial Specialty Business Government Business Managed care products Managed care services Total Government Business CarelonRx Pharmacy products and services Other Integrated health services Other Total Other Business Eliminations Eliminations ) ) ) Total product revenues 
 The classification between managed care products and managed care services in the above table primarily distinguishes between the levels of risk assumed. Managed care products represent insurance products where we bear the insurance risk, whereas managed care services represent fee-based product offerings where we provide claims adjudication and other administrative services to the customer, but the customer principally bears the insurance risk. 
 Asset, liability and equity details by reportable segment have not been disclosed, as we do not internally report such information. 
 Net investment income Net (losses) gains on financial instruments ) Total revenues 
 -134- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 Net investment income ) ) ) Net losses (gains) on financial instruments ) ) Interest expense Amortization of other intangible assets Loss on extinguishment of debt Reportable segments operating gain 
 
 21. 
 , and , respectively, from APC Passe, LLC, which is included in our total assumed premiums (see Note 17, Reinsurance ). 
 
 22. 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The tangible net equity required for the DMHC regulated entities was approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Statutory-basis capital and surplus of our insurance and HMO subsidiaries and capital and surplus of our other regulated subsidiaries, excluding the DMHC regulated entities, was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. GAAP equity of the DMHC regulated entities was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our ability to pay dividends and credit obligations is significantly dependent on receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. The payment of dividends to us by our insurance and HMO subsidiaries without prior approval of the insurance departments of each subsidiary s domiciliary jurisdiction is limited by formula. Dividends in excess of these amounts are subject to prior approval by the respective state insurance departments or the DMHC. During 2022, our insurance and HMO 
 -135- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

 to the parent company, including cash dividends which required prior approval from regulatory authorities. We currently estimate that approximately of dividends will be paid to the parent company in 2023. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 There have been no changes in or disagreements with our independent registered public accounting firm on accounting or financial disclosures. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation as of December 31, 2022, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to us (including our consolidated subsidiaries) required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act. In addition, based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management, under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of Elevance Health, Inc. (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting Internal Control ), as such term is defined in the Exchange Act. The Company s Internal Control is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. The Company s Internal Control includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of inherent limitations in any Internal Control, no matter how well designed, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Accordingly, even effective Internal Control can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Management, under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s Internal Control as of December 31, 2022. Management s assessment was based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on management s assessment, management has concluded that the Company s Internal Control was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 -136- 

Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, and has also issued an audit report dated February 15, 2023, on the effectiveness of the Company s Internal Control as of December 31, 2022, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 / S / G AIL K. B OUDREAUX 
 / S / J OHN E. G ALLINA 
 President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Elevance Health, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Elevance Health, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Elevance Health, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Elevance Health, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(c) and our report dated February 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 -137- 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 February 15, 2023 
 -138- 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 None. 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by this Item concerning our Executive Officers is included in Part I, Item 1, Business - Information about our Executive Officers. The information required by this Item concerning our Directors and nominees for Director, information about our Audit Committee members and financial expert(s), disclosure of any delinquent filers under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and our Code of Conduct is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by this Item concerning remuneration of our Executive Officers and Directors, material transactions involving such Executive Officers and Directors and Compensation Committee interlocks, as well as the Compensation and Talent Committee Report and the CEO pay ratio are incorporated herein by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Plan 
 Category 1 
 Number of securities to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 2 
 (a) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 3 
 (b) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under equity 
 compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 4 
 (c) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders as of December 31, 2022 
 4,621,939 293.28 18,352,576 
 1 We have no equity compensation plans pursuant to which awards may be granted in the future that have not been approved by shareholders. 
 2 Includes shares that may be issued under the Elevance Health Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly the Anthem Incentive Compensation Plan) and the 2017 Elevance Health Incentive Compensation Plan pursuant to the following outstanding awards: 2,831,989 stock options, 526,536 unvested restricted stock units, and 1,263,414 performance stock units (assuming that the outstanding performance stock units are earned at the maximum award level). 
 3 Represents the weighted average exercise price of outstanding stock options. Does not take into consideration outstanding restricted stock units or performance stock units, which, once vested, may be converted into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis upon distribution at no additional cost. 
 4 Excludes securities reflected in the first column, Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights . Includes 14,026,920 shares of common stock available for issuance as stock options, restricted stock awards, performance stock awards, performance awards and stock appreciation rights under the 2017 Elevance Health Incentive Compensation Plan at December 31, 2022. Includes 4,325,656 shares of common stock available for issuance under the Stock Purchase Plan at December 31, 2022. 
 -139- 

The information required by this Item concerning the stock ownership of management and five percent beneficial owners is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by this Item concerning certain relationships and related person transactions and Director independence is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by this Item concerning principal accountant fees and services is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of our last fiscal year. 
 -140- 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements: 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company are set forth in Part II, Item 8: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule: 
 The following financial statement schedule of the Company is included in Item 15(c): 
 Schedule II Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company Only). 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions, are inapplicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements, and therefore, have been omitted. 
 3. Exhibits required to be filed as part of this report: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended and restated effective June 27, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2022. 
 3.2 Bylaws of the Company, as amended effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2022. 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2004, between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, including the Form of the Company s 5.950 Notes due 2034, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2004. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of January 10, 2006, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2006. 
 (a) Form of 5.85 Notes due 2036, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2006. 
 (b) Form of 6.375 Notes due 2037, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2007. 
 (c) Form of 5.800 Notes due 2040, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2010. 
 (d) Form of 4.625 Notes due 2042, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2012. 
 (e) Form of 3.300 Notes due 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012. 
 
 -141- 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit (f) Form of 4.650 Notes due 2043, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012. 
 (g) Form of 5.100 Notes due 2044, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2013. 
 (h) Form of 3.500 Notes due 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2014. 
 (i) Form of 4.650 Notes due 2044, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2014. 
 (j) Form of 4.850 Notes due 2054, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2014. 
 4.3 Indenture dated as of October 9, 2012 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee, including the Form of the 2.750 Senior Convertible Debentures due 2042, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2012. 
 4.4 Subordinated Indenture, dated as of May 12, 2015, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2015. 
 4.5 Indenture dated as of November 21, 2017 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2017. 
 (a) Form of 3.350 Notes due 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2017. 
 (b) Form of 3.650 Notes due 2027, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2017. 
 (c) Form of 4.375 Notes due 2047, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2017. 
 (d) Form of 4.101 Notes due 2028, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2018. 
 (e) Form of 4.550 Notes due 2048, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2018. 
 (f) Form of 2.375 Notes due 2025, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019. 
 (g) Form of 2.875 Notes due 2029, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019. 
 (h) Form of 3.700 Notes due 2049, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019. 
 (i) Form of 2.250 Notes due 2030, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2020. 
 (j) Form of 3.125 Notes due 2050, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2020. 
 (k) Form of 0.450 Notes due 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2021. 
 (l) Form of 1.500 Notes due 2026, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2021. 
 
 -142- 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit (m) Form of 2.550 Notes due 2031, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2021. 
 (n) Form of 3.600 Notes due 2051, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2021. 
 (o) Form of 4.100 Notes due 2032, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2022. 
 (p) Form of 4.550 Notes due 2052, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2022. 
 (q) Form of 5.350 Notes due 2025, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2022. 
 (r) Form of 5.500 Notes due 2032, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2022. 
 (s) Form of 6.100 Notes due 2052, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2022. 
 (t) Form of 4.900 Notes due 2026, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8 , 2023. 
 (u) Form of 4.750 Notes due 2033, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8 , 2023. 
 (v) Form of 5.125 Notes due 2053, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8 , 2023. 
 4.6 Upon the request of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company will furnish copies of any other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company or its subsidiaries. 4.7 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 10.1 Elevance Health Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022. 
 (a) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(n) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. 
 (b) Form of Amendment, dated March 9, 2016, to Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(m) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. 
 (c) Form of Amendment, dated March 9, 2016, to Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(p) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 . 
 (d) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2016 and 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(s) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. 
 10.2 2017 Elevance Health Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 (a) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(d) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018. 
 (b) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement commencing July 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(h) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018. 
 
 -143- 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit (c) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(l) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 
 (d) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(m) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 
 (e) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(n) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. 
 (f) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(l) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. 
 (g) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(m) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. 
 (h) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(n) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. 
 (i) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(m) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. 
 (j) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(n) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. 
 (k) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(o) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. 
 (l) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 2022, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(l) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 (m) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2022, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(m) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 (n) Form of Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2022, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(n) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 10.3 Elevance Health Comprehensive Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 10.4 Elevance Health Executive Agreement Plan, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 10.5 Elevance Health Executive Salary Continuation Plan, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 10.6 Elevance Health Directed Executive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 -144- 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit 10.7 Elevance Health Board of Directors Compensation Program, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 10.8 Elevance Health Board of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective June 28, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 10.9 (a) Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and each of the following: John E. Gallina, Peter D. Haytaian, and Gloria McCarthy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007. 
 (b) Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and Gail Boudreaux, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2017. 
 (c) Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and each of the following: Charles Morgan Kendrick, Felicia F. Norwood, and Blair W. Todt incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9(d) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018. 
 10.10 Offer Letter, by and between the Company and Gail Boudreaux, dated as of November 5, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2017. 
 10.11 Blue Cross License Agreement by and between Blue Cross Blue Shield Association and the Company, including revisions, if any, adopted by the Member Plans through June 16, 2022. 
 10.12 Blue Shield License Agreement by and between Blue Cross Blue Shield Association and the Company, including revisions, if any, adopted by the Member Plans through June 16, 2022. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act Rules, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act Rules, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following materials from Elevance Health, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity; (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) Financial Statement Schedule II. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. Indicates management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 -145- 

(b) Exhibits 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is set forth in paragraph (a) 3 above. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedule 
 Schedule II Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company Only). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 
 -146- 

Schedule II Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 

Fixed maturity securities (amortized cost of and ; allowance for credit losses of and 
 Equity securities Other receivables Net due from subsidiaries Other current assets Total current assets Other invested assets Property and equipment, net Deferred tax assets, net Investments in subsidiaries Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net due to subsidiaries Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 5 Shareholders equity Preferred stock, without par value, shares authorized - ; shares issued and outstanding - 
 Common stock, par value , shares authorized - ; shares issued and outstanding - and 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 -147- 

Net gains on financial instruments Administrative fees and other revenue Total revenues Expenses General and administrative expense Interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Total expenses Loss before income tax credits and equity in net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Income tax credits ) ) ) Equity in net income of subsidiaries Shareholders net income 

See accompanying notes. 
 -148- 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Change in net unrealized gains/losses on investments 
 ) ) Change in non-credit component of impairment losses on investments ) Change in net unrealized gains/losses on cash flow hedges Change in net periodic pension and postretirement costs ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total shareholders comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes. 
 -149- 

Investing activities Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales, maturities, calls and redemptions of investments Repayment (issuance) of note to subsidiary ) Capitalization of subsidiaries ) ) ) Changes in securities lending collateral ) Purchases of property and equipment, net of sales ) ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net (repayments of) proceeds from commercial paper borrowings ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Changes in securities lending payable ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Taxes paid through withholding of common stock under employee stock plans ) ) ) Other, net Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See accompanying notes. 
 -150- 

Elevance Health, Inc. 
 (Parent Company Only) 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 (In Millions, Except Per Share Data) 

, and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Dividends to Subsidiaries 
 Certain subsidiaries of Elevance Health own shares of Elevance Health common stock. Elevance Health paid cash dividends to subsidiaries related to these shares of common stock in the amount of , and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Investments in Subsidiaries 
 Capital contributions to subsidiaries were , and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Amounts Due From and To Subsidiaries 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Elevance Health reported amounts due (to) from subsidiaries of ) and , respectively. The amounts due (to) and from subsidiaries primarily include amounts for allocated administrative expenses or daily cash management activities. These items are routinely settled, and as such, are classified as current liabilities or assets. 
 In June 2021 Elevance Health entered into a short-term loan agreement with a subsidiary for the amount of , which is also included in amounts due from subsidiaries at December 31, 2021. This loan was repaid in February 2022. 
 Guarantees on Behalf of Subsidiaries 
 Elevance Health guarantees contractual or financial obligations or solvency requirements for certain of its subsidiaries. These guarantees approximated at December 31, 2022. There were no payments made on these guarantees in 2022. 
 
 -151- 

-152- 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ELEVANCE HEALTH, I NC . 
 By: /s/ GAIL K. BOUDREAUX Gail K. Boudreaux President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated: February 15, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ GAIL K. BOUDREAUX President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 15, 2023 Gail K. Boudreaux /s/ JOHN E. GALLINA Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 15, 2023 John E. Gallina /s/ RONALD W. PENCZEK Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 15, 2023 Ronald W. Penczek /s/ ELIZABETH E. TALLETT Chair of the Board February 15, 2023 Elizabeth E. Tallett /s/ R. KERRY CLARK Director February 15, 2023 R. Kerry Clark /s/ SUSAN D. DEVORE Director February 15, 2023 Susan D. DeVore /s/ ROBERT L. DIXON, JR. Director February 15, 2023 Robert L. Dixon, Jr. /s/ LEWIS HAY III Director February 15, 2023 Lewis Hay III /s/ BAHIJA JALLAL Director February 15, 2023 Bahija Jallal /s/ ANTONIO F. NERI Director February 15, 2023 Antonio F. Neri /s/ RAMIRO G. PERU Director February 15, 2023 Ramiro G. Peru /s/ RYAN M. SCHNEIDER Director February 15, 2023 Ryan M. Schneider /s/ DEANNA D. STRABLE Director February 15, 2023 Deanna D. Strable 
 -153- 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 exhibit47-20221231forform1.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 
 Exhibit 4.7 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The common stock of Elevance Health, Inc. Elevance Health, we, our, or us is the only class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 The following is a summary of the general terms and provisions of our common stock. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended (our articles of incorporation and our bylaws, as amended (our bylaws ), both of which are filed as exhibits to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). For additional information, please read our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law, as amended (the IBCL ). 
 General 
 We are authorized to issue up to 900,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, as well as up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value. We have no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote per share of record on all matters to be voted upon by the shareholders. Holders do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors or any other matter. Subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may at the time be outstanding, each share of common stock will entitle the holder of that share to an equal and ratable right to receive dividends or other distributions (other than purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of shares by us) if declared from time to time by our board of directors and if there are sufficient funds to legally pay a dividend. 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payments to creditors and after satisfaction of the liquidation preference, if any, of the holders of any preferred stock that may at the time be outstanding. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or redemption rights and will not be subject to further calls or assessments by us. 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ELV. Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is the registrar, transfer agent, conversion agent and dividend disbursing agent for the common stock. 
 Authorized But Unissued Shares 
 Indiana law does not require shareholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. Authorized but unissued shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public or private offerings to raise additional capital or to facilitate corporate acquisitions. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued shares may be to enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of current management and possibly deprive the shareholders of opportunities to sell their shares of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. In addition, depending on the rights prescribed for any series of preferred stock that may be issued, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse effect on the voting power of the holders of common stock or could impose restrictions upon the payment of dividends and other distributions to the holders of common stock. 
 Limitations on Ownership of Our Common Stock in Articles of Incorporation 
 As required under our licenses with the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA ), our articles of incorporation contain certain limitations on the ownership of our common stock. Our articles of incorporation provide that no person may beneficially own shares of voting capital stock in excess of specified ownership limits, except with the prior approval of a majority of the continuing directors. The ownership limits, which may not be exceeded without the prior approval of the BCBSA, are the following 
 for any institutional investor (as defined in our articles of incorporation), one share less than 10 of our outstanding voting securities 
 for any non-institutional investor (as defined in our articles of incorporation), one share less than 5 of our outstanding voting securities and 
 for any person, one share less than the number of shares of our common stock or other equity securities (or a combination thereof) representing a 20 ownership interest in us. 
 1 

Exhibit 4.7 

 Any transfer of stock that would result in any person beneficially owning shares of capital stock in excess of any ownership limit will result in the intended transferee acquiring no rights in the shares exceeding such ownership limit (with certain exceptions) and the person s excess shares will be deemed transferred to an escrow agent to be held until the shares are transferred to a person whose ownership of the shares will not violate the ownership limit. 
 Certain Other Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Certain other provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions or changes of control of us. These provisions could have the effect of discouraging third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition or change in control of us, although these proposals, if made, might be considered desirable by a majority of our shareholders. These provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of the current management without the concurrence of the board of directors. These provisions include 
 the division of the board of directors into three classes serving staggered terms of office of three years 
 provisions limiting the maximum number of directors to 19 and requiring that any increase in the number of directors then in effect must be approved by a majority of continuing directors 
 provisions requiring that, except in certain limited circumstances, the filling of any vacancy on the board of directors must be approved by a majority of continuing directors 
 permitting a special meeting of shareholders to be called only by the board of directors, the Chair of the Board, the Lead Director, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or upon the written demand of any one or more shareholders owning at least 20 of our outstanding common stock and 
 requirements for advance notice for raising business or making nominations at shareholders meetings. 
 Our bylaws provide that if the requirement for a classified board structure set forth in our licenses with the BCBSA is eliminated or otherwise no longer applicable to the Company, the board of directors will take all necessary actions to implement the elimination of the classified board structure and the annual election of all directors, which shall be phased in over a three-year period commencing with the first annual meeting of shareholders occurring at least 90 days after the board of directors determines that such requirement is eliminated or is otherwise no longer applicable to the Company. 
 Our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure with regard to business to be brought before an annual or special meeting of shareholders and advance notice and proxy access procedures with regard to the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than by or at the direction of the board of directors. Although our bylaws do not give the board of directors any power to approve or disapprove shareholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals for action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of shareholder proposals if the established procedures are not followed, and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its proposal without regard to whether consideration of those nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our shareholders. 
 In addition, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or certain specified constituents of ours, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the IBCL or our articles of incorporation or bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Marion Superior Court in Marion County, Indiana or, if the Marion Superior Court lacks jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana. 
 Amendment and Repeal of Bylaws 
 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that the bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed by either (1) the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire number of directors, or (2) except for certain provisions of the bylaws, the affirmative vote, at a shareholder meeting, of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding shares of all classes of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, considered for this purpose as a single voting group. 
 Certain Provisions of the Indiana Business Corporation Law 
 As an Indiana corporation, we are governed by the IBCL. The following are some of the more significant provisions of the IBCL that may delay, prevent or make more difficult certain unsolicited acquisitions or changes of 
 2 

Exhibit 4.7 

 control of us. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which shareholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interest. 
 Control Share Acquisitions. Under Chapter 42 of the IBCL, an acquiring person or group who acquires, directly or indirectly, ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control shares in an issuing public corporation may not exercise voting rights on any control shares unless these voting rights are conferred by a majority vote of the disinterested shareholders of the issuing public corporation at a special meeting of those shareholders held upon the request and at the expense of the acquiring person or, if no such request is made, at the next special or annual meeting of shareholders. If the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, and the control shares are accorded full voting rights by the disinterested shareholders, all shareholders of the issuing public corporation have dissenters rights to receive the fair value of their shares pursuant to Chapter 44 of the IBCL. We are an issuing public corporation as defined under Chapter 42. 
 Under Chapter 42, control shares means shares acquired by a person that, when added to all other shares of the issuing public corporation owned by that person or in respect to which that person may exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, would otherwise entitle that person to exercise voting power of the issuing public corporation in the election of directors within any of the following ranges (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority or (iii) a majority or more. 
 Chapter 42 does not apply if, before a control share acquisition is made, the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws, including a bylaw adopted by the corporation s board of directors, provide that they do not apply. Our bylaws provide that we are not subject to Chapter 42 however, our board of directors could amend our bylaws to rescind our election to opt out of Chapter 42. 
 Certain Business Combinations. Chapter 43 of the IBCL restricts the ability of an Indiana corporation that has 100 or more shareholders to engage in any business combinations with an interested shareholder for five years after the date the shareholder became an interested shareholder (such date, the share acquisition date ), unless the business combination or the purchase of shares by the interested shareholder on the interested shareholder s share acquisition date is approved by the board of directors of the corporation before the share acquisition date. If such prior approval is not obtained, the interested shareholder may effect a business combination after the five-year period only if that shareholder receives approval from a majority of the disinterested shareholders or the offer meets specified fair price criteria. 
 For purposes of Chapter 43, interested shareholder means any person, other than the corporation or its subsidiaries, who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation, which at any time within the five-year period immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. 
 Chapter 43 does not apply to corporations that elect not to be subject to Chapter 43 in an amendment to their articles of incorporation approved by a majority of the disinterested shareholders. That amendment, however, cannot become effective until 18 months after its passage and would apply only to share acquisitions occurring after its effective date. Our articles of incorporation do not exclude us from Chapter 43. 
 Mandatory Classified Board of Directors . Under Chapter 33 of the IBCL, a corporation with a class of voting shares registered with the SEC under Section 12 of the Exchange Act must have a classified board of directors unless the corporation adopts a bylaw expressly electing not to be governed by this provision. Although our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide for a classified board of directors so long as we are required to do so under our licenses with the BCBSA, we adopted an amendment to our bylaws electing not to be subject to this mandatory requirement effective July 29, 2009. 
 Unanimous Written Consent of Shareholders . Under Chapter 29 of the IBCL, as well as our articles of incorporation and our bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of common stock may be effected only at an annual meeting or special meeting of such holders, and shareholders may act in lieu of such meetings only by unanimous written consent. 
 3 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 exhibit101-20221231forform.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 2014 ELEVANCE HEALTH INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 (2022 RESTATEMENT) 
 Elevance Health, Inc., an Indiana corporation formerly known as Anthem, Inc. (the Company previously adopted the Anthem Incentive Compensation Plan (formerly named, the WellPoint Incentive Compensation Plan ), which it hereby amends and restates as the 2014 Elevance Health Incentive Compensation Plan (2022 Restatement) (the Plan ), for the benefit of non-employee directors of the Company and officers and eligible employees and consultants of the Company and any Subsidiaries and Affiliates (as each term defined below), as follows 
 ARTICLE I. 
 ESTABLISHMENT PURPOSES AND DURATION 
 1.1 Establishment of the Plan . The Board of Directors (defined below) originally established and adopted the incentive compensation plan known as the WellPoint 2006 Incentive Compensation Plan on March 15, 2006, effective on May 16, 2006 upon approval by the Company s shareholders, and previously amended and restated it, effective December 2, 2014, as the Anthem Incentive Compensation Plan. The Plan is hereby amended and restated, effective June 28, 2022, solely to update the names of the Company and the Plan as set forth above and the definition of Committee set forth below. The Plan permits the grant of Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Performance Shares, Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards. 
 1.2 Purposes of the Plan . The purposes of the Plan are to provide additional incentives to non-employee directors of the Company and to those officers, employees and consultants of the Company, Subsidiaries and Affiliates whose substantial contributions are essential to the continued growth and success of the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries and Affiliates, in order to strengthen their commitment to the Company and the Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and to attract and retain competent and dedicated individuals whose efforts will result in the long-term growth and profitability of the Company and to further align the interests of such non-employee directors, officers, employees and consultants with the interests of the shareholders of the Company. To accomplish such purposes, the Plan provides that the Company may grant Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Performance Shares, Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards. 
 1.3 Duration of the Plan . The Plan shall remain in effect, subject to the right of the Board of Directors to amend or terminate the Plan at any time pursuant to Article XVII, until all Shares subject to it shall have been delivered, and any restrictions on such Shares have lapsed, pursuant to the Plan s provisions. However, in no event may an Award be granted under the Plan on or after ten years from May 20, 2009 (the Effective Date ), the date the shareholders most recently approved the Plan. 
 
 ARTICLE II. 
 DEFINITIONS 
 Whenever used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below, and when the meaning is intended, the initial letter of the word shall be capitalized 
 2.1 Affiliate means any entity other than the Company and any Subsidiary that is affiliated with the Company through stock or equity ownership or otherwise and is designated as an Affiliate for purposes of the Plan by the Committee provided , however , that, notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan to the contrary, for purposes of NQSOs and SARs, if an individual who otherwise qualifies as an Employee or Non-Employee Director provides services to such an entity and not to the Company or a Subsidiary, such entity may only be designated an Affiliate if the Company qualifies as a service recipient, within the meaning of Code Section 409A, with respect to such individual provided further that such definition of service recipient shall be determined by (a) applying Code Section 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3), for purposes of determining a controlled group of corporations under Code 
 1 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Section 414(b), using the language at least 50 percent instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears in Code Section 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3), and by applying Treasury Regulations Section 1.414(c)-2, for purposes of determining trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) that are under common control for purposes of Code Section 414(c), using the language at least 50 percent instead of at least 80 percent each place it appears in Treasury Regulations Section 1.414(c)-2, and (b) where the use of Shares with respect to the grant of an Option or SAR to such an individual is based upon legitimate business criteria, by applying Code Section 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3), for purposes of determining a controlled group of corporations under Code Section 414(b), using the language at least 20 percent instead of at least 80 percent at each place it appears in Code Section 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3), and by applying Treasury Regulations Section 1.414(c)-2, for purposes of determining trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) that are under common control for purposes of Code Section 414(c), using the language at least 20 percent instead of at least 80 percent at each place it appears in Treasury Regulations Section 1.414(c)-2. 
 2.2 Annual Meeting means the annual meeting of shareholders at which members of the Board are routinely elected. 
 2.3 Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Cash-Based Awards, and Other Stock-Based Awards. 
 2.4 Award Agreement means either (a) a written agreement entered into by the Company and a Participant setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award granted under the Plan, or (b) a written or electronic statement issued by the Company to a Participant describing the terms and provisions of such Award, including any amendment or modification thereof. The Committee may provide for the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper Award Agreements, and the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper means for the acceptance thereof and actions thereunder by a Participant. 
 2.5 Board or Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 2.6 Cash-Based Award means an Award granted to a Participant, as described in Article IX. 
 
 2.7 Cause shall have the definition given such term in a Participant s Award Agreement, or in the absence of any such definition, as determined in good faith by the Committee. 
 2.8 Change of Control means the first to occur of the following events with respect to the Company 
 (a) any person (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 of the SEC under the Exchange Act) or group (as such term is defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a subsidiary of the Company or any employee benefit plan (or any related trust) of the Company or a subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 20 or more of the Shares or of other voting securities representing 20 or more of the combined voting power of all voting securities the Company provided , however , that (1) no Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred solely by reason of any such acquisition by a corporation with respect to which, after such acquisition, more than 80 of both the common stock of such corporation and the combined voting power of the voting securities of such corporation are then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the persons who were the beneficial owners of the Shares and other voting securities of the Company immediately before such acquisition, in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Shares and other voting securities of the Company immediately before such acquisition (2) if any person or group owns 20 or more but less than 30 of the combined voting power of the Shares and other voting securities of the Company and such person or group has a No Change of Control Agreement with the Company, no Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred solely by reason of such ownership for so long as the No Change of Control Agreement remains in effect and such person or group is not in violation of the No Change of Control Agreement and (3) once a Change of Control occurs under this Section 2.8(a), the occurrence of the next Change of Control (if any) under this Section 2.8(a) shall be determined by reference to a person or group other than the person or group whose acquisition of beneficial ownership created such prior Change of Control unless the original person or group has in the meantime ceased to own 20 or more of the Shares or 
 2 

Exhibit 10.1 

 other voting securities representing 20 or more of the combined voting power of all voting securities of the Company or 
 (b) within any period of thirty-six (36) or fewer consecutive months individuals who, as of the first day of such period were members of the Board (the Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least 75 of the members of the Board provided , however , that (1) any individual who becomes a member of the Board after the first day of such period whose nomination for election to the Board was approved by a vote or written consent of at least 75 of the members of the Board who are then Incumbent Directors shall be considered an Incumbent Director, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of the directors of the Company (as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of the SEC under the Exchange Act) or an Imminent Change of Control or other transaction described in Section 2.8(a) or 2.8(c) and (2) once a Change of Control occurs under this Section 2.8(b), the occurrence of the next Change of Control (if any) under this Section 2.8(b) shall be determined by reference to a period of thirty-six (36) or fewer consecutive months beginning not earlier than the date immediately after the date of such prior Change of Control or 
 
 (c) closing of a transaction which is any of the following 
 (1) a merger, reorganization or consolidation of the Company Merger ), after which (A) the individuals and entities who were the respective beneficial owners of the Shares and other voting securities of the Company immediately before such Merger do not beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60 of, respectively, the Shares or the combined voting power of the common stock and voting securities of the corporation resulting from such Merger, in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Shares and other voting securities of the Company immediately before such Merger 
 (2) a Merger after which individuals who were members of the Board of Directors immediately before the Merger do not comprise a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Merger 
 (3) a sale or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the assets owned by it (a Sale after which the individuals and entities who were the respective beneficial owners of the Shares and other voting securities of the Company immediately before such Sale do not beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60 of, respectively, the Shares or the combined voting power of the common stock and voting securities of the transferee of substantially all of the Company s assets in such Sale in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Shares and other voting securities of the Company immediately before such Sale 
 (4) a Sale after which individuals who were members of the Board of Directors immediately before the Sale do not comprise a majority of the members of the board of directors of the transferee corporation that acquired substantially all of the Company s assets or 
 (5) a liquidation of the Company. 
 2.9 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time to time, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and successor provisions and rules and regulations thereto. 
 2.10 Committee means the Compensation and Talent Committee of the Board of Directors or a subcommittee thereof, or such other committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan. 
 2.11 Consultant means an independent contractor or consultant who performs services for the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate in a capacity other than as an Employee or Director. 
 2.12 Covered Employee means any Employee who is or may become a covered employee, as defined in Code Section 162(m), and who is designated, either as an individual Employee or a member of a class of Employees, by the Committee within the shorter of (i) ninety (90) days after the beginning of the Performance Period, or (ii) the first twenty-five percent (25 of the Performance Period, as a Covered Employee under the Plan for such applicable Performance Period. 
 3 

Exhibit 10.1 

2.13 Designated Percentage has the meaning given such term in Section 11.2. 
 2.14 Director means any individual who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 2.15 Dividend Equivalents means the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends that would otherwise be paid on the Shares subject to or issued pursuant to an Award (including Restricted Stock Units) but that have not been issued or delivered, as described in Article XIII. 
 2.16 Effective Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.3. 
 2.17 Employee means any person designated as an employee of the Company, a Subsidiary and or an Affiliate on the payroll records thereof. An Employee shall not include any individual during any period he or she is classified or treated by the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate as an independent contractor, a consultant, or any employee of an employment, consulting, or temporary agency or any other entity other than the Company, a Subsidiary and or an Affiliate without regard to whether such individual is subsequently determined to have been, or is subsequently retroactively reclassified as a common-law employee of the Company, a Subsidiary and or an Affiliate during such period. As further provided in Section 21.4, for purposes of the Plan, upon approval by the Committee, the term Employee may also include Employees whose employment with the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate has been terminated subsequent to being granted an Award under the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, a Director who would otherwise be an Employee within the meaning of this Section 2.17 shall be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 
 2.18 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and successor provisions and rules and regulations thereto. 
 2.19 Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Shares as determined by the Committee by the reasonable application of such reasonable valuation method, consistently applied, as the Committee deems appropriate provided , however , that, with respect to ISOs, for purposes of Section 6.3 and 6.9(c), such fair market value shall be determined subject to Section 422(c)(7) of the Code provided further , however , that (a) if the Shares are readily tradable on an established securities market, Fair Market Value on any date shall be the last sale price reported for the Shares on such market on such date or, if no sale is reported on such date, on the last date preceding such date on which a sale was reported, or (b) if the Shares are admitted for listing on the New York Stock Exchange or other comparable market, Fair Market Value on any date shall be the last sale price reported for the Shares on such market on such date or, if no sale is reported on such date, on the last day preceding such date on which a sale was reported. In each case, the Committee shall determine Fair Market Value in a manner that satisfies the applicable requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 
 2.20 Fees means all cash amounts payable to a Non-Employee Director for services rendered as a director, including retainer fees, meeting fees and committee fees, but excluding travel and other out-of-pocket expense reimbursements. 
 2.21 Fiscal Year means the calendar year, or such other consecutive twelve-month period as the Committee may select. 
 2.22 Freestanding SAR means an SAR that is granted independently of any Options, as described in Article VII. 
 2.23 Grant Price means the price established at the time of grant of an SAR pursuant to Article VII, used to determine whether there is any payment due upon exercise of the SAR. 
 2.24 Imminent Change of Control means (a) the public announcement (whether by advertisement, press release, press interview, public statement, SEC filing or otherwise) of a proposal or offer which if consummated would be a Change of Control, (b) the making to a director or executive officer of the Company of a written proposal which if consummated would be a Change of Control, or (c) the approval by the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Company of a transaction that upon closing would be a Change of Control. 
 4 

Exhibit 10.1 

2.25 Incentive Stock Option or ISO means a right to purchase Shares under the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Article VI and which is designated as an Incentive Stock Option and which is intended to meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. 
 2.26 Incumbent Directors has the meaning given such term in Section 2.8(a)(ii). 
 2.27 Insider means an individual who is, on the relevant date, an officer, director or ten percent (10 beneficial owner of any class of the Company s equity securities that is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 2.28 Merger has the meaning given such term in Section 2.8(c)(1). 
 2.29 No Change of Control Agreement means a legal, binding and enforceable agreement executed by and in effect between a person or all members of a group and the Company that provides that (1) such person or group shall be bound by the agreement for the time period of not less than five (5) years from its date of execution (2) such person or group shall not acquire beneficial ownership or voting control equal to a percentage of the Shares or the voting power of other voting securities of the Company that exceeds a percentage specified in the agreement which percentage shall in all events be less than 30 (3) such person or group may not designate for election as directors a number of directors in excess of 25 of the number of directors on the Board and (4) such person or group shall vote the Shares and other voting securities of the Company in all matters in the manner directed by the majority of the Incumbent Directors. If any agreement described in the preceding sentence is violated by such person or group or is amended in a fashion such that it no longer satisfies the requirements of the preceding sentence, such agreement shall, as of the date of such violation or amendment, be treated for purposes hereof as no longer constituting a No Change of Control Agreement. 
 2.30 Non-Employee Director means a Director who is not an Employee. 
 2.31 Nonqualified Stock Option or NQSO means a right to purchase Shares under the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Article VI and which is not intended to meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or otherwise does not meet such requirements. 
 2.32 Notice means notice provided by a Participant to the Company in a manner prescribed by the Committee. 
 2.33 Option or Stock Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option, as described in Article VI. 
 2.34 Option Price means the price at which a Share may be purchased by a Participant pursuant to an Option. 
 2.35 Other Stock-Based Award means an equity-based or equity-related Award described in Section 10.1, granted in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Article X. 
 2.36 Participant means any eligible individual as set forth in Article V who holds one or more outstanding Awards. 
 2.37 Performance-Based Compensation means compensation under an Award that is intended to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 162(m) for certain performance-based compensation paid to Covered Employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in the Plan shall be construed to mean that an Award which does not satisfy the requirements for performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m) does not constitute performance-based compensation for other purposes, including Code Section 409A. 
 2.38 Performance Measure means performance criteria or measures as described in Section 12.1 on which the performance goals described in Article XII are based and which are approved by the Company s shareholders 
 5 

Exhibit 10.1 

 pursuant to the Plan in order to qualify certain Awards as Performance-Based Compensation in accordance with Article XII. 
 2.39 Performance Period means the period of time during which the performance goals must be met in order to determine the degree of payout and or vesting with respect to, or the amount or entitlement to, an Award. 
 2.40 Performance Share means an Award of a performance share granted to a Participant, as described in Article IX. 
 2.41 Performance Unit means an Award of a performance unit granted to a Participant, as described in Article IX. 
 
 2.42 Period of Restriction means the period during which Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, and, in the case of Restricted Stock, the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock is limited in some way, as provided in Article VIII. 
 2.43 Prior Plan means the Anthem 2001 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 2.44 Qualified Change of Control means a Change of Control that qualifies as a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code. 
 2.45 Restricted Stock means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Article VIII. 
 2.46 Restricted Stock Unit means an Award, whose value is equal to a Share, granted to a Participant pursuant to Article VIII. 
 2.47 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor rule, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 2.48 Sale has the meaning given such term in Section 2.8(c)(3). 
 2.49 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 2.50 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as it may be amended from time to time, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and successor provisions and rules and regulations thereto. 
 2.51 Share means a share of common stock of the Company (including any new, additional or different stock or securities resulting from any change in corporate capitalization as listed in Section 4.3). 
 2.52 Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award, granted alone (a Freestanding SAR or in connection with a related Option (a Tandem SAR ), designated as an SAR, pursuant to the terms of Article VII. 
 2.53 Stock Election has the meaning given such term in Section 11.2. 
 2.54 Subsidiary means any present or future corporation which is or would be a subsidiary corporation of the Company as the term is defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. 
 2.55 Substitute Awards means Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, options or other awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to grant future options or other awards, by a company acquired by the Company, a Subsidiary and or an Affiliate or with which the Company, a Subsidiary and or an Affiliate combines, or otherwise in connection with any merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, or reorganization involving the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate, including a transaction described in Code Section 424(a). 
 
 2.56 Tandem SAR means a SAR that is granted in connection with a related Option pursuant to Article VII. 
 6 

Exhibit 10.1 

2.57 Termination means the time when a Participant ceases the performance of services for the Company, any Affiliate or Subsidiary, as applicable, for any reason, with or without Cause, including a Termination by resignation, discharge, death, disability or retirement, but excluding (a) a Termination where there is a simultaneous reemployment (or commencement of service) or continuing employment (or service) of a Participant by the Company, Affiliate or any Subsidiary, (b) at the discretion of the Committee, a Termination that results in a temporary severance, and (c) at the discretion of the Committee, a Termination of an Employee that is immediately followed by the Participant s service as a Non-Employee Director. 
 ARTICLE III. 
 ADMINISTRATION 
 3.1 General . The Committee shall have exclusive authority to operate, manage and administer the Plan in accordance with its terms and conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in its absolute discretion, the Board may at any time and from time to time exercise any and all rights, duties and responsibilities of the Committee under the Plan, including establishing procedures to be followed by the Committee, but excluding matters which under any applicable law, regulation or rule, including any exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including Rule 16b-3) or Section 162(m) of the Code, are required to be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. If and to the extent that the Committee does not exist or cannot function, the Board may take any action under the Plan that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee, subject to the limitations set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, any action or determination specifically affecting or relating to an Award granted to a Non-Employee Director, including under Article XI, shall be taken, or approved or ratified, by the Board. 
 3.2 Committee . The members of the Committee shall be appointed from time to time by, and shall serve at the discretion of, the Board of Directors. The Committee shall consist of not less than three (3) non-employee members of the Board, each of whom satisfies such criteria of independence as the Board may establish and such additional regulatory or listing requirements as the Board may determine to be applicable or appropriate. Appointment of Committee members shall be effective upon their acceptance of such appointment. Committee members may be removed by the Board at any time either with or without cause, and such members may resign at any time by delivering notice thereof to the Board. Any vacancy on the Committee, whether due to action of the Board or any other reason, shall be filled by the Board. The Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings. A majority of the Committee shall constitute a quorum and a majority of a quorum may authorize any action. Any decision reduced to writing and signed by a majority of the members of the Committee shall be fully effective as if it has been made at a meeting duly held. 
 
 3.3 Authority of the Committee . The Committee shall have full discretionary authority to grant, pursuant to the terms of the Plan, Awards to those individuals who are eligible to receive Awards under the Plan. Except as limited by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company, and subject to the provisions herein, the Committee shall have full power, in accordance with the other terms and provisions of the Plan, to 
 (a) select Employees, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants who may receive Awards under the Plan and become Participants 
 (b) determine eligibility for participation in the Plan and decide all questions concerning eligibility for, and the amount of, Awards under the Plan 
 (c) determine the sizes and types of Awards 
 (d) determine the terms and conditions of Awards, including the Option Prices of Options and the Grant Prices of SARs 
 (e) grant Awards as an alternative to, or as the form of payment for grants or rights earned or payable under, other bonus or compensation plans, arrangements or policies of the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate 
 (f) grant Substitute Awards on such terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe, subject to compliance with the ISO rules under Code Section 422 and the nonqualified deferred compensation rules under Code Section 409A, where applicable 
 7 

Exhibit 10.1 

(g) make all determinations under the Plan concerning Termination of any Participant s employment or service with the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate, including whether such Termination occurs by reason of Cause, disability or in connection with a Change of Control and whether a leave constitutes a Termination 
 (h) determine whether or not a Change of Control or an Imminent Change of Control shall have occurred and whether or not a Change of Control is a Qualified Change of Control 
 (i) construe and interpret the Plan and any agreement or instrument entered into under the Plan, including any Award Agreement 
 (j) establish and administer any terms, conditions, restrictions, limitations, forfeiture, vesting or exercise schedule, and other provisions of or relating to any Award 
 (k) establish and administer any performance goals in connection with any Awards, including related Performance Measures or performance criteria and applicable Performance Periods, determine the extent to which any performance goals and or other terms and conditions of an Award are attained or are not attained, and certify whether, and to what extent, any such performance goals and other material terms applicable to Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation were in fact satisfied 
 
 (l) construe any ambiguous provisions, correct any defects, supply any omissions and reconcile any inconsistencies in the Plan and or any Award Agreement or any other instrument relating to any Awards 
 (m) establish, adopt, amend, waive and or rescind rules, regulations, procedures, guidelines, forms and or instruments for the Plan s operation or administration 
 (n) make all valuation determinations relating to Awards and the payment or settlement thereof 
 (o) grant waivers of terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations under the Plan or applicable to any Award, or accelerate the vesting or exercisability of any Award 
 (p) subject to the provisions of Article XVII, amend or adjust the terms and conditions of any outstanding Award and or adjust the number and or class of shares of stock subject to any outstanding Award 
 (q) at any time and from time to time after the granting of an Award, specify such additional terms, conditions and restrictions with respect to such Award as may be deemed necessary or appropriate to ensure compliance with any and all applicable laws or rules, including terms, restrictions and conditions for compliance with applicable securities laws or listing rules, methods of withholding or providing for the payment of required taxes and restrictions regarding a Participant s ability to exercise Options through a cashless (broker-assisted) exercise 
 (r) determine whether, and to what extent and under what circumstances Awards may be settled in cash, Shares or other property or canceled or suspended and 
 (s) exercise all such other authorities, take all such other actions and make all such other determinations as it deems necessary or advisable for the proper operation and or administration of the Plan. 
 3.4 Award Agreements . The Committee shall, subject to applicable laws and rules, determine the date an Award is granted. Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement however , two or more Awards granted to a single Participant may be combined in a single Award Agreement. An Award Agreement shall not be a precondition to the granting of an Award provided , however , that (a) the Committee may, but need not, require as a condition to any Award Agreement s effectiveness, that such Award Agreement be executed on behalf of the Company and or by the Participant to whom the Award evidenced thereby shall have been granted (including by electronic signature or other electronic indication of acceptance), and such executed Award Agreement be delivered to the Company, and (b) no person shall have any rights under any Award unless and until the Participant to whom such Award shall have been granted has complied with the applicable terms and conditions of the Award. The Committee shall prescribe the form of all Award Agreements, and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, shall determine the content of all Award Agreements. Any Award Agreement may be supplemented or amended in writing from time to time as approved by the Committee provided that the terms and conditions of any such Award Agreement as supplemented or amended are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan. In the event of any 
 8 

Exhibit 10.1 

 dispute or discrepancy concerning the terms of an Award, the records of the Committee or its designee shall be determinative. 
 3.5 Discretionary Authority Decisions Binding . The Committee shall have full discretionary authority in all matters related to the discharge of its responsibilities and the exercise of its authority under the Plan. All determinations, decisions, actions and interpretations by the Committee with respect to the Plan and any Award Agreement, and all related orders and resolutions of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Participants, the Company and its shareholders, any Subsidiary or Affiliate and all persons having or claiming to have any right or interest in or under the Plan and or any Award Agreement. The Committee shall consider such factors as it deems relevant to making or taking such decisions, determinations, actions and interpretations, including the recommendations or advice of any Director or officer or employee of the Company, any director, officer or employee of a Subsidiary or Affiliate and such attorneys, consultants and accountants as the Committee may select. A Participant or other holder of an Award may contest a decision or action by the Committee with respect to such person or Award only on the grounds that such decision or action was arbitrary or capricious or was unlawful, and any review of such decision or action shall be limited to determining whether the Committee s decision or action was arbitrary or capricious or was unlawful. 
 3.6 Attorneys Consultants . The Committee may consult with counsel who may be counsel to the Company. The Committee may, with the approval of the Board, employ such other attorneys and or consultants, accountants, appraisers, brokers, agents and other persons, any of whom may be an Employee, as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate. The Committee, the Company and its officers and Directors shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions or valuations of any such persons. The Committee shall not incur any liability for any action taken in good faith in reliance upon the advice of such counsel or other persons. 
 3.7 Delegation of Administration . Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, including any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including Rule 16b-3) or Section 162(m) of the Code, or the applicable rules of a stock exchange, the Committee may, in its discretion, allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers under this Article III to any one or more of its members and or delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers under this Article III to any person or persons selected by it provided , however , that the Committee may not delegate its authority to correct defects, omissions or inconsistencies in the Plan. Any such authority delegated or allocated by the Committee under this Section 3.7 shall be exercised in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan and any rules, regulations or administrative guidelines that may from time to time be established by the Committee, and any such allocation or delegation may be revoked by the Committee at any time. 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN AND AWARD LIMITS 
 4.1 Number of Shares Available for Grants . The shares of stock subject to Awards granted under the Plan shall be Shares. Such Shares subject to the Plan may be either authorized and unissued shares (which will not be subject to preemptive rights) or previously issued shares acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.3, the total number of Shares that may be delivered pursuant to Awards under the Plan as of the Effective Date shall be sixty million sixty-eight thousand three hundred and thirty-four (60,068,334) Shares (the Share Reserve ), which represents the sum of (a) twenty million (20,000,000) Shares authorized under the original Plan, plus (b) thirty-three million (33,000,000) Shares authorized under this amendment and restatement of the Plan, plus (c) seven million sixty-eight thousand, three hundred and forty-four (7,068,344) Shares available for issuance pursuant to the Prior Plan, as previously approved by the shareholders of the Company, on May 16, 2006. The Share Reserve shall be increased by any Shares allocable to outstanding stock options or other awards under the Prior Plan which expire, are forfeited or otherwise terminate unexercised after May 16, 2006. For purposes of this Section 4.1, (d) each Share delivered pursuant to an Option shall reduce the Share Reserve by one (1) Share (e) each Share subject to the exercised portion of a SAR (whether the distribution upon exercise is made in cash, Shares or a combination of cash and Shares) shall reduce the Share Reserve by one (1) Share, other than an SAR that, by its terms, from and after the grant date thereof, is payable only in cash, in which case the Share Reserve shall not be reduced (f) each Share delivered pursuant to a Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Share Award, Performance Unit Award, or Other Stock-Based Award shall reduce the Share 
 9 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Reserve by one and sixty-seven one hundredths (1.67) Shares for Awards granted on or after the Effective Date and by two (2) Shares for Awards granted prior to the Effective Date (g) each Share delivered pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award without a purchase price, or with a per-Share purchase price lower than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the grant date of such Restricted Stock Award, shall reduce the Share Reserve by one and sixty-seven one hundredths (1.67) Shares for Awards granted on or after the Effective Date and by two (2) Shares for Awards granted prior to the Effective Date (h) each Share delivered pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award with a per-Share purchase price at least equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the grant date of such Restricted Stock Award shall reduce the Share Reserve by one (1) Share and (i) to the extent that a distribution pursuant to an Award is made in cash, other than pursuant to an Award that by its terms, from and after the grant date thereof, is payable only in cash, the Share Reserve shall be reduced by the number of Shares subject to the redeemed, paid or exercised portion of such Award. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence and, in the case of ISOs, any limitations applicable thereto under the Code, any Shares that are subject to an Option, SAR, or other Award which for any reason expires or is terminated or canceled without having been fully exercised or satisfied, and any Shares that are subject to any Restricted Stock Award (including any Shares subject to a Participant s Restricted Stock Award that are repurchased by the Company at the Participant s cost), Restricted Stock Unit Award or other Award granted under the Plan which are forfeited, shall, to the extent of any such expiration, termination, cancellation or forfeiture, be available for delivery in connection with future Awards under the Plan. However, notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 4.1 to the contrary, (i) Shares withheld or tendered to pay the exercise price or withholding taxes with respect to an outstanding Award shall not again be made available for issuance pursuant to Awards under the Plan, and (ii) the payment of cash dividends or Dividend Equivalents in cash in connection with Awards shall not reduce the Share Reserve. Any Shares delivered under the Plan upon exercise or satisfaction of Substitute Awards shall not reduce the Shares available for delivery under the Plan provided , however , that the total number of Shares that may be delivered pursuant to Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan shall be equal to twenty-seven million (27,000,000) Shares, as adjusted pursuant to this Section 4.1, but without application of the foregoing provisions of this sentence. From and after May 16, 2006, no further grants or awards were made under the Prior Plan however, grants or awards made under the Prior Plan before May 16, 2006 shall continue in effect in accordance with their terms. 
 4.2 Award Limits . The following limits shall apply to grants of all Awards under the Plan 
 (a) Options The maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Options granted in any two consecutive Fiscal Years to any one Participant shall be four million (4,000,000) Shares. 
 (b) SARs The maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Stock Appreciation Rights granted in any two consecutive Fiscal Years to any one Participant shall be four million (4,000,000) Shares. Any Shares covered by Options which include Tandem SARs granted to one Participant in any two consecutive Fiscal Years shall reduce this limit on the number of Shares subject to SARs that can be granted to such Participant in such two consecutive Fiscal Years. 
 (c) Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units The maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units granted in any two consecutive Fiscal Years to any one Participant shall be two million (2,000,000) Shares. 
 (d) Performance Shares or Performance Units The maximum aggregate grant with respect to Awards of Performance Shares or Performance Units granted in any two consecutive Fiscal Years to any one Participant shall be two million (2,000,000) Shares. 
 (e) Cash-Based Awards The maximum aggregate amount awarded with respect to Cash-Based Awards made in any two consecutive Fiscal Years to any one Participant shall not exceed fifteen million dollars 15,000,000). 
 (f) Other Stock-Based Awards The maximum aggregate grant with respect to Other Stock-Based Awards made in any two consecutive Fiscal Years to any one Participant shall be two million (2,000,000) Shares (or cash amounts based on the value of such number of Shares). 
 To the extent required by Section 162(m) of the Code, Shares subject to Options or SARs which are canceled shall continue to be counted against the limits set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) immediately preceding. 
 10 

Exhibit 10.1 

4.3 Adjustments in Authorized Shares . In the event of any corporate event or transaction (including a change in the Shares or the capitalization of the Company), such as a reclassification, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, reorganization (whether or not such reorganization comes within the definition of such term in Section 368 of the Code), issuance of warrants or rights, dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, stock or other property), stock split or reverse stock split, spin-off, split-up, combination or exchange of shares, repurchase of shares, or other like change in corporate structure, partial or complete liquidation of the Company or distribution (other than normal cash dividends) to shareholders of the Company, or any similar corporate event or transaction, the Committee, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of Participants rights under the Plan, shall substitute or adjust, as applicable, the number, class and kind of securities which may be delivered under Section 4.1 the number, class and kind, and or price (such as the Option Price of Options or the Grant Price of SARs) of securities subject to outstanding Awards the Award limits set forth in Section 4.2 and other value determinations applicable to outstanding Awards provided, however that the number of Shares subject to any Award shall always be a whole number. The Committee shall also make appropriate adjustments and modifications in the terms of any outstanding Awards to reflect or related to any such events, adjustments, substitutions or changes, including modifications of performance goals and changes in the length of Performance Periods, subject to the requirements of Article XII in the case of Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation. Any adjustment, substitution or change pursuant to this Section 4.3 made with respect to an Award intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be made only to the extent consistent with such intent, unless the Committee determines otherwise, and any such adjustment that is made with respect to an Award that provides for Performance-Based Compensation shall be made consistent with the intent that such Award qualify for the performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee shall not make any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4.3 that would cause an Award that is otherwise exempt from Code Section 409A to become subject to Code Section 409A, or that would cause an Award that is subject to Code Section 409A to fail to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A. All determinations of the Committee as to adjustments or changes under this Section 4.3 shall be conclusive and binding on the Participants. 
 4.4 No Limitation on Corporate Actions . The existence of the Plan and any Awards granted hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in its capital structure or business structure, any merger or consolidation, any issuance of debt, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Shares, additional shares of capital stock or other securities or subscription rights thereto, any dissolution or liquidation, any sale or transfer of all or part of its assets or business or any other corporate act or proceeding. Further, except as expressly provided herein or by the Committee, (i) the issuance by the Company of Shares or any class of securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, for cash, property, labor or services, upon direct sale, upon the exercise of rights or warrants to subscribe therefor, or upon conversion of shares or obligations of the Company convertible into such shares or other securities, (ii) the payment of a dividend in property other than Shares, (iii) the occurrence of any capital change described in Section 4.3 or (iv) the occurrence of any similar transaction, and in any case whether or not for fair value, shall not affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number of Shares subject to Awards theretofore granted or the Option Price, Grant Price or purchase price per share applicable to any Award, unless the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, that an adjustment is necessary or appropriate. 

ARTICLE V. 
 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 5.1 Eligibility . Employees, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants shall be eligible to become Participants and receive Awards in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, subject to the limitations on the granting of ISOs set forth in Section 6.9(a). 
 5.2 Actual Participation . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee may, from time to time, select Participants from all eligible Employees, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants and shall determine the nature and amount of each Award. 
 
 11 

Exhibit 10.1 

 ARTICLE VI. 
 STOCK OPTIONS 
 6.1 Grant of Options . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, Options may be granted to Participants in such number, and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee. The Committee may grant an Option or provide for the grant of an Option, either from time to time in the discretion of the Committee or automatically upon the occurrence of specified events, including the achievement of performance goals, the satisfaction of an event or condition within the control of the recipient of the Option or within the control of others. The granting of an Option shall take place when the Committee by resolution, written consent or other appropriate action determines to grant such Option for a particular number of Shares to a particular Participant at a particular Option Price. 
 6.2 Award Agreement . Each Option grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the Option Price, the maximum duration of the Option, the number of Shares to which the Option pertains, the conditions upon which the Option shall become exercisable and such other provisions as the Committee shall determine, which are not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan. The Award Agreement also shall specify whether the Option is intended to be an ISO or an NQSO. To the extent that any Option does not qualify as an ISO (whether because of its provisions or the time or manner of its exercise or otherwise), such Option, or the portion thereof which does not so qualify, shall constitute a separate NQSO. 
 6.3 Option Price . The Option Price for each Option shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement provided that, subject to Section 6.9(c), the Option Price of an Option shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date the Option is granted provided further , that Substitute Awards or Awards granted in connection with an adjustment provided for in Section 4.3, in the form of stock options, shall have an Option Price per Share that is intended to maintain the economic value of the Award that was replaced or adjusted, as determined by the Committee. 
 6.4 Duration of Options . Each Option granted to a Participant shall expire at such time as the Committee shall determine at the time of grant and set forth in the Award Agreement provided , however , that no Option shall be exercisable later than the tenth (10 th anniversary of its date of grant, subject to the respective last sentences of Sections 6.5 and 6.9(c). 
 6.5 Exercise of Options . Options shall be exercisable at such times and be subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Committee shall in each instance determine and set forth in the Award Agreement, which need not be the same for each grant or for each Option or Participant. An Agreement may provide that the period of time over which an Option other than an ISO may be exercised shall be automatically extended if on the scheduled expiration date of such Option the Optionee s exercise of such Option would violate applicable securities laws provided , however , that during such extended exercise period the Option may only be exercised to the extent the Option was exercisable in accordance with its terms immediately prior to such scheduled expiration date provided further , however , that such extended exercise period shall end not later than thirty (30) days after the exercise of such Option first would no longer violate such laws. 
 6.6 Payment . Options shall be exercised by the delivery of a written notice of exercise to the Company, in a form specified or accepted by the Committee, or by complying with any alternative exercise procedures that may be authorized by the Committee, setting forth the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is to be exercised, accompanied by full payment for such Shares, which shall include applicable taxes, if any, in accordance with Article XVIII. The Option Price upon exercise of any Option shall be payable to the Company in full either (a) in cash or its equivalent (b) subject to such terms, conditions and limitations as the Committee may prescribe, by tendering (either by actual delivery or attestation) unencumbered Shares previously acquired by the Participant exercising such Option having an aggregate Fair Market Value at the time of exercise equal to the total Option Price, (c) by a combination of (a) and (b) or (d) by any other method approved or accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion, including, if the Committee so determines, a cashless (broker-assisted) exercise that complies with all applicable laws. Subject to any governing rules or regulations, as soon as practicable after receipt of a written notification of exercise and full payment in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Section 6.6, the Company shall deliver to the Participant exercising an Option, in the Participant s name, evidence of book entry Shares, or, upon the Participant s request, Share certificates, in an appropriate amount based upon the number of 
 12 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Shares purchased under the Option, subject to Section 21.9. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, all payments under all of the methods described above shall be paid in United States dollars. 
 6.7 Rights as a Shareholder . No Participant or other person shall become the beneficial owner of any Shares subject to an Option, nor have any rights to dividends or other rights of a shareholder with respect to any such Shares, until the Participant has actually received such Shares following exercise of his or her Option in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. 
 6.8 Termination of Employment or Service . Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, an Option may be exercised only to the extent that it is then exercisable, and if at all times during the period beginning with the date of granting of such Option and ending on the date of exercise of such Option the Participant is an Employee or Non-Employee Director, and shall terminate immediately upon a Termination of the Participant. An Option shall cease to become newly exercisable upon a Termination of the holder thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.8 to the contrary, the Committee may determine in its discretion that an Option may be exercised following any such Termination, whether or not exercisable at the time of such Termination provided, however, that in no event may an Option be exercised after the expiration date of such Option specified in the applicable Award Agreement, except as provided in the last sentence of Section 6.5. 
 
 6.9 Limitations on Incentive Stock Options . 
 (a) General . No ISO shall be granted to any individual otherwise eligible to participate in the Plan who is not an Employee of the Company or a Subsidiary on the date of granting of such Option. Any ISO granted under the Plan shall contain such terms and conditions, consistent with the Plan, as the Committee may determine to be necessary to qualify such Option as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. Any ISO granted under the Plan may be modified by the Committee to disqualify such Option from treatment as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. 
 (b) 100,000 Per Year Limitation . Notwithstanding any intent to grant ISOs, an Option granted under the Plan will not be considered an ISO to the extent that it, together with any other incentive stock options (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, but without regard to subsection (d) of such Section) under the Plan and any other incentive stock option plans of the Company, any Subsidiary and any parent corporation of the Company within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code, are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year with respect to Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value in excess of 100,000 (or such other limit as may be required by the Code) as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. The rule set forth in the preceding sentence shall be applied by taking Options into account in the order in which they were granted. 
 (c) Options Granted to Certain Shareholders . No ISO shall be granted to an individual otherwise eligible to participate in the Plan who owns (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code), at the time the Option is granted, more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or a Subsidiary or any parent corporation of the Company within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code. This restriction does not apply if at the time such ISO is granted the Option Price of the ISO is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date such ISO is granted, and the ISO by its terms is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from such date of grant. 
 ARTICLE VII. 
 STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 
 7.1 Grant of SARs . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, SARs may be granted to Participants at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee. The Committee may grant an SAR (a) in connection and simultaneously with the grant of an Option (a Tandem SAR) or (b) independent of, and unrelated to, an Option (a Freestanding SAR). The Committee shall have complete discretion in determining the number of Shares to which a SAR pertains (subject to Article IV) and, consistent with the provisions of the Plan, in determining the terms and conditions pertaining to any SAR. 
 13 

Exhibit 10.1 

7.2 Grant Price . The Grant Price for each SAR shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement, subject to the limitations of this Section 7.2. The Grant Price for each Freestanding SAR shall be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date such Freestanding SAR is granted, except in the case of Substitute Awards or Awards granted in connection with an adjustment provided for in Section 4.3. The Grant Price of a Tandem SAR shall be equal to the Option Price of the related Option. 
 7.3 Exercise of Tandem SARs . Tandem SARs may be exercised for all or part of the Shares subject to the related Option upon the surrender of the right to exercise the equivalent portion of the related Option. A Tandem SAR shall be exercisable only when and to the extent the related Option is exercisable and may be exercised only with respect to the Shares for which the related Option is then exercisable. A Tandem SAR shall entitle a Participant to elect, in the manner set forth in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, in lieu of exercising his or her unexercised related Option for all or a portion of the Shares for which such Option is then exercisable pursuant to its terms, to surrender such Option to the Company with respect to any or all of such Shares and to receive from the Company in exchange therefor a payment described in Section 7.7. An Option with respect to which a Participant has elected to exercise a Tandem SAR shall, to the extent of the Shares covered by such exercise, be canceled automatically and surrendered to the Company. Such Option shall thereafter remain exercisable according to its terms only with respect to the number of Shares as to which it would otherwise be exercisable, less the number of Shares with respect to which such Tandem SAR has been so exercised. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, with respect to a Tandem SAR granted in connection with an ISO (a) the Tandem SAR will expire no later than the expiration of the related ISO (b) the value of the payment with respect to the Tandem SAR may not exceed the difference between the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the related ISO at the time the Tandem SAR is exercised and the Option Price of the related ISO and (c) the Tandem SAR may be exercised only when the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the ISO exceeds the Option Price of the ISO. 
 7.4 Exercise of Freestanding SARs . Freestanding SARs may be exercised upon whatever terms and conditions the Committee, in its sole discretion, in accordance with the Plan, determines and sets forth in the Award Agreement. 
 7.5 Award Agreement . Each SAR grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the number of Shares to which the SAR pertains, the Grant Price, the term of the SAR, and such other terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine in accordance with the Plan. 
 7.6 Term of SARs . The term of a SAR granted under the Plan shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion provided , however , that the term of any Tandem SAR shall be the same as the related Option and no SAR shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years after it is granted, subject to the last sentence of Section 6.5 in the case of a Tandem SAR. 
 7.7 Payment of SAR Amount . An election to exercise SARs shall be deemed to have been made on the date of Notice of such election to the Company. Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant shall be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying 
 (a) The excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Grant Price of the SAR by 
 (b) The number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.7 to the contrary, the Committee may establish and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement a maximum amount per Share that will be payable upon the exercise of a SAR. At the discretion of the Committee, such payment upon exercise of a SAR shall be in cash, in Shares of equivalent Fair Market Value, or in some combination thereof. 
 7.8 Rights as a Shareholder . A Participant receiving a SAR shall have the rights of a Shareholder only as to Shares, if any, actually issued to such Participant upon satisfaction or achievement of the terms and conditions of the Award, and in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, and not with respect to Shares to which such Award relates but which are not actually issued to such Participant. 
 14 

Exhibit 10.1 

7.9 Termination of Employment or Service . Each SAR Award Agreement shall set forth the extent to which the Participant shall have the right to exercise the SAR following such Participant s Termination. Such provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, need not be uniform among all SARs issued pursuant to the Plan, and may reflect distinctions based on the reasons for Termination. 
 ARTICLE VIII. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 8.1 Awards of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock and or Restricted Stock Units to Participants in such amounts as the Committee shall determine. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article VIII and the Award Agreement, upon delivery of Shares of Restricted Stock to a Participant, or creation of a book entry evidencing a Participant s ownership of Shares of Restricted Stock, pursuant to Section 8.6, the Participant shall have all of the rights of a shareholder with respect to such Shares, subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in this Article VIII or the applicable Award Agreement or as determined by the Committee. Restricted Stock Units shall be similar to Restricted Stock, except no Shares are actually awarded to a Participant who is granted Restricted Stock Units on the date of grant, and such Participant shall have no rights of a shareholder with respect to such Restricted Stock Units. 
 8.2 Award Agreement . Each Restricted Stock and or Restricted Stock Unit Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the Period of Restriction, the number of Shares of Restricted Stock or the number of Restricted Stock Units granted, and such other provisions as the Committee shall determine in accordance with the Plan. 
 8.3 Nontransferability of Restricted Stock . Except as provided in this Article VIII, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, encumbered, alienated, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction established by the Committee and specified in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 
 8.4 Period of Restriction and Other Restrictions . The Period of Restriction shall lapse based on continuing service as a Non-Employee Director or Consultant or continuing employment with the Company, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate, the achievement of performance goals, the satisfaction of other conditions or restrictions or upon the occurrence of other events, in each case, as determined by the Committee, at its discretion, and stated in the Award Agreement. 
 8.5 Delivery of Shares, Payment of Restricted Stock Units . Subject to Section 21.9, after the last day of the Period of Restriction applicable to a Participant s Shares of Restricted Stock, and after all conditions and restrictions applicable to such Shares of Restricted Stock have been satisfied or lapse (including satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations), pursuant to the applicable Award Agreement, such Shares of Restricted Stock shall become freely transferable by such Participant. After the last day of the Period of Restriction applicable to a Participant s Restricted Stock Units, and after all conditions and restrictions applicable to Restricted Stock Units have been satisfied or lapse (including satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations), pursuant to the applicable Award Agreement, such Restricted Stock Units shall be settled by delivery of Shares, a cash payment determined by reference to the then-current Fair Market Value of Shares or a combination of Shares and such cash payment, as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine, either by the terms of the Award Agreement or otherwise. 
 8.6 Forms of Restricted Stock Awards . Each Participant who receives an Award of Shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued a stock certificate or certificates evidencing the Shares covered by such Award registered in the name of such Participant, which certificate or certificates may contain an appropriate legend. The Committee may require a Participant who receives a certificate or certificates evidencing a Restricted Stock Award to immediately deposit such certificate or certificates, together with a stock power or other appropriate instrument of transfer, endorsed in blank by the Participant, with signatures guaranteed in accordance with the Exchange Act if required by the Committee, with the Secretary of the Company or an escrow holder as provided in the immediately following sentence. The Secretary of the Company or such escrow holder as the Committee may appoint shall retain physical 
 15 

Exhibit 10.1 

 custody of each certificate representing a Restricted Stock Award until the Period of Restriction and any other restrictions imposed by the Committee or under the Award Agreement with respect to the Shares evidenced by such certificate expire or shall have been removed. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the Committee may, in its discretion, provide that a Participant s ownership of Shares of Restricted Stock prior to the lapse of the Period of Restriction or any other applicable restrictions shall, in lieu of such certificates, be evidenced by a book entry i.e. , a computerized or manual entry) in the records of the Company or its designated agent in the name of the Participant who has received such Award. Such records of the Company or such agent shall, absent manifest error, be binding on all Participants who receive Restricted Stock Awards evidenced in such manner. The holding of Shares of Restricted Stock by the Company or such an escrow holder, or the use of book entries to evidence the ownership of Shares of Restricted Stock, in accordance with this Section 8.6, shall not affect the rights of Participants as owners of the Shares of Restricted Stock awarded to them, nor affect the restrictions applicable to such shares under the Award Agreement or the Plan, including the Period of Restriction. 
 
 8.7 Voting Rights . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee and set forth in a Participant s Award Agreement, to the extent permitted or required by law, as determined by the Committee, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock may be granted the right to exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares during the Period of Restriction. A Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units. 
 8.8 Dividends and Other Distributions . During the Period of Restriction, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock shall be credited with any cash dividends paid with respect to such Shares while they are so held, unless determined otherwise by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Committee may apply any restrictions to such dividends that the Committee deems appropriate. Except as set forth in the Award Agreement, in the event of (a) any adjustment as provided in Section 4.3, or (b) any shares or securities are received as a dividend, or an extraordinary dividend is paid in cash, on Shares of Restricted Stock, any new or additional Shares or securities or any extraordinary dividends paid in cash received by a recipient of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the same terms and conditions, including the Period of Restriction, as relate to the original Shares of Restricted Stock. 
 8.9 Termination of Employment or Service . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8.9, during the Period of Restriction, any Restricted Stock Units and or Shares of Restricted Stock held by a Participant shall be forfeited and revert to the Company (or, if Shares of Restricted Sock were sold to the Participant, the Participant shall be required to resell such Shares to the Company at cost) upon the Participant s Termination or the failure to meet or satisfy any applicable performance goals or other terms, conditions and restrictions to the extent set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. Each applicable Award Agreement shall set forth the extent to which, if any, the Participant shall have the right to retain Restricted Stock Units and or Shares of Restricted Stock following such Participant s Termination. Such provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, shall be included in the applicable Award Agreement, need not be uniform among all such Awards issued pursuant to the Plan, and may reflect distinctions based on the reasons for, or circumstances of, such Termination. 
 8.10 Compliance With Section 409A . Unless the Committee provides otherwise in an Award Agreement, each Restricted Stock Unit shall be paid in full to the Participant no later than the fifteenth day of the third month after the end of the first calendar year in which the Restricted Stock Unit is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Code Section 409A. If the Committee provides in an Award Agreement that a Restricted Stock Unit is intended to be subject to Code Section 409A, the Award Agreement shall include terms that are intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A. 
 ARTICLE IX. 
 PERFORMANCE UNITS, PERFORMANCE SHARES, AND CASH-BASED AWARDS 
 9.1 Grant of Performance Units, Performance Shares and Cash-Based Awards . Subject to the terms of the Plan, Performance Units, Performance Shares, and or Cash-Based Awards may be granted to Participants in such amounts and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time, as shall be determined by the Committee, in accordance with the Plan. A Performance Unit, Performance Share or Cash-Based Award entitles the Participant who receives such Award to receive Shares or cash upon the attainment of performance goals and or satisfaction of other terms and conditions determined by the Committee when the Award is granted and set forth in the Award 
 16 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Agreement. Such entitlements of a Participant with respect to his or her outstanding Performance Unit, Performance Share or Cash-Based Award shall be reflected by a bookkeeping entry in the records of the Company, unless otherwise provided by the Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of such Awards shall be consistent with the Plan and set forth in the Award Agreement and need not be uniform among all such Awards or all Participants receiving such Awards. 
 9.2 Value of Performance Units, Performance Shares and Cash-Based Awards . Each Performance Unit shall have an initial value that is established by the Committee at the time of grant. Each Performance Share shall have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant. Each Cash-Based Award shall have a value as shall be determined by the Committee. The Committee shall set performance goals in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number and or value of Performance Units and Performance Shares and Cash-Based Awards that will be paid out to the Participant. 
 9.3 Earning of Performance Units, Performance Shares and Cash-Based Awards . Subject to the terms of the Plan, after the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Units, Performance Shares or Cash-Based Awards shall be entitled to receive payment on the number and value of Performance Units, Performance Shares or Cash-Based Awards earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding performance goals and or other terms and conditions have been achieved or satisfied. The Committee shall determine the extent to which any such pre-established performance goals and or other terms and conditions of a Performance Unit, Performance Share or Cash-Based Award are attained or not attained following conclusion of the applicable Performance Period. The Committee may, in its discretion, waive any such performance goals and or other terms and conditions relating to any such Award not intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation. 
 9.4 Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units, Performance Shares and Cash-Based Awards . Payment of earned Performance Units, Performance Shares and Cash-Based Awards shall be as determined by the Committee and as set forth in the Award Agreement. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units, Performance Shares and Cash-Based Awards in the form of cash or in Shares (or in a combination thereof) which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of the earned Performance Units, Performance Shares or Cash-Based Awards as soon as practicable after the end of the Performance Period and following the Committee s determination of actual performance against the performance goals and or other terms and conditions established by the Committee. Such Shares may be granted subject to any restrictions imposed by the Committee, including pursuant to Section 21.9. The determination of the Committee with respect to the form of payment of such Awards shall be set forth in the Award Agreement pertaining to the grant of the Award. 
 
 9.5 Rights as a Shareholder . A Participant receiving a Performance Unit, Performance Share or Cash-Based Award shall have the rights of a shareholder only as to Shares, if any, actually received by the Participant upon satisfaction or achievement of the terms and conditions of such Award and not with respect to Shares subject to the Award but not actually issued to such Participant. 
 9.6 Termination of Employment or Service . Each Award Agreement shall set forth the extent to which the Participant shall have the right to retain Performance Units, Performance Shares and or Cash-Based Award following such Participant s Termination. Such provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, shall be included in the applicable Award Agreement, need not be uniform among all such Awards issued pursuant to the Plan, and may reflect distinctions based on the reasons for Termination. 
 9.7 Compliance With Section 409A . Unless the Committee provides otherwise in an Award Agreement, each Performance Unit, Performance Share and or Cash-Based Award shall be paid in full to the Participant no later than the fifteenth day of the third month after the end of the first calendar year in which such Award is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Code Section 409A. If the Committee provides in an Award Agreement that a Performance Share, Performance Unit or Cash-Based Award is intended to be subject to Code Section 409A, the Award Agreement shall include terms that are intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A. 
 17 

Exhibit 10.1 

ARTICLE X. 
 OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS 
 10.1 Other Stock-Based Awards . The Committee may grant types of equity-based or equity-related Awards not otherwise described by the terms of the Plan (including the grant or offer for sale of unrestricted Shares), in such amounts (subject to Article IV) and subject to such terms and conditions, as the Committee shall determine. Such Other Stock-Based Awards may involve the transfer of actual Shares to Participants, or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of Shares and may include Awards designed to comply with or take advantage of the applicable local laws of jurisdictions other than the United States. 
 10.2 Value of Other Stock-Based Awards . Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be expressed in terms of Shares or units based on Shares, as determined by the Committee. The Committee may establish performance goals in its discretion, and any such performance goals shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. If the Committee exercises its discretion to establish performance goals, the number and or value of Other Stock-Based Awards that will be paid out to the Participant will depend on the extent to which such performance goals are met. 
 10.3 Payment of Other Stock-Based Awards . Payment, if any, with respect to an Other Stock-Based Award shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Award, as set forth in the Award Agreement, in cash or Shares as the Committee determines. 
 10.4 Termination of Employment or Service . The Committee shall determine the extent to which the Participant shall have the right to receive Other Stock-Based Awards following the Participant s Termination. Such provisions shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, such provisions may be included in the applicable Award Agreement, but need not be uniform among all Other Stock-Based Awards issued pursuant to the Plan, and may reflect distinctions based on the reasons for Termination. 
 10.5 Compliance With Section 409A . Unless the Committee provides otherwise in an Award Agreement, each Other Stock-Based Award shall be paid in full to the Participant no later than the fifteenth day of the third month after the end of the first calendar year in which the Other Stock-Based Award is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Code Section 409A. If the Committee provides in an Award Agreement that a Cash-Based Award or Other Stock-Based Award is intended to be subject to Code Section 409A, the Award Agreement shall include terms that are intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A. 
 ARTICLE XI. 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR FEES IN SHARES OR OTHER AWARDS 
 11.1 Payment of Fees in Shares or Other Awards . The Board may determine to pay a Non-Employee Director up to 100 of his or her Fees as an Other Stock-Based Award denominated in Shares, or another type of Award, or otherwise make Awards in lieu of all or any portion of his or her Fees. Except as otherwise provided in this Article XI, the percentage of Fees to be paid in such Shares or other Awards to Non-Employee Directors, or the amount of an Award in lieu of Fees, during each calendar quarter shall be determined by the Board on or prior to the first day of such quarter. If such an Award to be issued as Fees is based on a percentage of such Fees, the number of Shares subject to such Award shall be determined by multiplying such percentage by the amount of such Fees otherwise payable in cash for such quarter and dividing the product by the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the first day of such quarter. If this formula produces a fractional Share, the Non-Employee Director shall be paid in cash the Fair Market Value of the fractional Share. 
 11.2 Election to Receive Fees in Shares or Other Awards . To the extent permitted by the Board, a Non-Employee Director may elect to receive up to 100 of his or her Fees (not otherwise payable in Shares or any other Award pursuant to Section 11.1) as an Other Stock-Based Award denominated in Shares or another type of Award, or otherwise elect to receive an Award in lieu of all or any portion of his or her Fees (not otherwise payable in Shares or any other Award pursuant to Section 11.1) (a Stock Election ). A Stock Election must be in writing and shall be delivered to the Corporate Secretary of the Company prior to the Annual Meeting. Except as provided in this Article XI, such a Stock Election shall apply to Fees payable to the Non-Employee Director in respect of Board 
 18 

Exhibit 10.1 

 and or committee service during the period commencing on the date of such Annual Meeting and ending on the day before the next Annual Meeting, and a Non-Employee Director may revoke a Stock Election by delivering written notice of such revocation to the Corporate Secretary of the Company prior to the last day of any calendar quarter with respect to all calendar quarters beginning after delivery of such notice of revocation. A Stock Election may specify the applicable percentage of the Fees that the Non-Employee Director wishes to receive in Shares or other applicable Award (the Designated Percentage ). If a Stock Election specifying a Designated Percentage is made, then not later than the first day of the applicable calendar quarter, the number of Shares subject to the Award to be issued in lieu of the Non-Employee Director s Fees pursuant to such Stock Election shall be determined by multiplying the Designated Percentage by the amount of Fees otherwise payable in cash for such quarter and dividing that product by the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the first day of such quarter. If this formula produces a fractional Share, the Non-Employee Director shall be paid in cash the Fair Market Value of the fractional Share. 
 11.3 Timing of Determinations or Elections . If required by the Board, determinations or elections concerning the percentage of Fees payable in Awards other than Shares, or the amount of any such Awards payable in lieu of Fees, shall be made prior to the commencement of the calendar year in which an Non-Employee Director performs the services to which such Fees relate, and any such determination or election shall be irrevocable with respect to such Fees for services performed during such calendar year. 
 ARTICLE XII. 
 PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
 12.1 Performance Measures . The objective performance goals upon which the granting, payment and or vesting of Awards to Covered Employees that are intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation may occur shall be based on any one or more of the following Performance Measures selected by the Committee 
 (a) asset growth 
 (b) combined net worth 
 (c) debt to equity ratio 
 (d) earnings per share 
 (e) revenue growth 
 (f) investment performance 
 (g) operating income (with or without investment income or income taxes) 
 (h) cash flow 
 (i) margin 
 (j) net income, before or after taxes 
 (k) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and or amortization 
 (l) return on total capital, equity, revenue or assets 
 (m) medical loss ratio 
 (n) number of medical or specialty policyholders, members or insured 
 (o) quality of service metrics 
 (p) customer service metrics 
 (q) productivity 
 (r) administrative expense management 
 (s) improved health of members, including enrollment in disease management programs 
 19 

Exhibit 10.1 

(t) economic profit 
 (u) shareholder value added 
 (v) stock price appreciation or total shareholder return 
 (w) medical and or specialty market share 
 (x) medical and or specialty penetration rate or uninsured rate 
 (y) specialty earnings as a percent of total earnings 
 (z) associate perceptions or turnover 
 (aa) consumer perceptions of the Company or the Company s industry and 
 (ab) merger integration synergies. 
 Such performance goals shall be established by the Committee within the time period prescribed by, and shall otherwise comply with the requirements of, Code Section 162(m)(4)(C), or any successor provision thereto, and the regulations thereunder, for performance-based compensation, and may be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. Any Performance Measures may be used to measure the performance of the Company, its Affiliates, and or Subsidiaries as a whole or any business unit of the Company, its Affiliates, and or Subsidiaries or any combination thereof, as the Committee may deem appropriate, or any of the above Performance Measures as compared to the performance of a group of comparator companies, or published or special index that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, or the Company may select any relevant Performance Measure as compared to various stock market indices, or growth rates, or trends. The Performance Measures shall not include or derive from the number or frequency of (i) denials of authorization for benefit coverage or (ii) reductions or limitations on hospital lengths of stay, medical services or charges. Performance Measures shall not be designed, construed or used to incentivize the withholding of medically necessary services or the denial of benefits to which members are entitled. 
 12.2 Evaluation of Performance . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, payment or vesting of any such Award that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation shall not be made until the Committee certifies in writing that the applicable performance goals and any other material terms of such Award were in fact satisfied, except as otherwise provided in Section 12.3. The Committee may provide in any such Award that any evaluation of performance may include or exclude any of the following events that occurs during a Performance Period (a) gains or losses on sales or dispositions, (b) asset write-downs, (c) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (d) historic environmental obligations, (e) changes in tax law or rate, including the impact on deferred tax liabilities, (f) uninsured catastrophic property losses, (g) the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles, (h) extraordinary items described in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30 and or in management s discussion and analysis of financial performance appearing in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, (i) acquisitions occurring after the start of a Performance Period or unbudgeted costs incurred related to future acquisitions, (j) operations discontinued, divested or restructured during the Performance Period, including severance costs, (k) gains or losses on refinancing or extinguishment of debt, and (l) foreign exchange gains and losses. To the extent such inclusions or exclusions affect Awards to Covered Employees, they shall be prescribed in a form that meets the requirements of Code Section 162(m) for deductibility. 
 12.3 Adjustment of Performance-Based Compensation . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, with respect to any Award that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, (a) the Committee may adjust downwards, but not upwards, any amount payable, or other benefits granted, issued, retained and or vested pursuant to such an Award on account of satisfaction of the applicable performance goals on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee in its discretion shall determine, and (b) the Committee may not waive the achievement of the applicable performance goals, except in the case of the Participant s death, disability or a Change of Control. 
 12.4 Committee Discretion . In the event that applicable tax and or securities laws change to permit Committee discretion to alter the governing Performance Measures without obtaining shareholder approval of such changes, the Committee shall have sole discretion to make such changes without obtaining shareholder approval. In addition, in the event that the Committee determines that it is advisable to grant Awards that shall not qualify as Performance- 
 20 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Based Compensation, the Committee may make such grants without satisfying the requirements of Code Section 162(m) and base vesting of such Awards on performance measures other than those set forth in Section 12.1. 
 ARTICLE XIII. 
 DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 
 13.1 Dividend Equivalents . Unless otherwise provided by the Committee, no adjustment shall be made in the Shares issuable or taken into account under Awards on account of cash dividends that may be paid or other rights that may be issued to the holders of Shares prior to issuance of such Shares under such Award. The Committee may grant Dividend Equivalents based on the dividends declared on Shares that are subject to any Award, including any Award the payment or settlement of which is deferred pursuant to Section 21.6. The Committee may also grant Dividend Equivalents based on the dividends that would have been declared on Restricted Stock Units or Performance Units had such Units been Shares of Restricted Stock or Performance Units, as the case may be. In the event that payment or settlement of an Award is contingent on achievement of performance goals, no Dividend Equivalents shall be paid on any unearned portion of the Award. Dividend Equivalents may be credited as of the dividend payment dates, during the period between the date the Award is granted and the date the Award becomes payable, terminates or expires. Dividend Equivalents may be subject to any limitations and or restrictions determined by the Committee. Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to cash or additional Shares by such formula and at such time, and shall be paid at such times, as may be determined by the Committee. Unless the Award Agreement provides otherwise, Dividend Equivalents shall be paid to the Participant at least annually, not later than the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of the calendar year in which the Dividend Equivalents are credited (or, if later, the fifteenth day of the third month following the end of the calendar year in which the Dividend Equivalents are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Code Section 409A). Any Dividend Equivalents that are accumulated and paid after the date specified in the preceding sentence shall be explicitly set forth in a separate arrangement that provides for the payment of the dividend equivalents at a time and in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Code Section 409A. No Dividend Equivalents shall relate to Shares underlying an Option or SAR unless such Dividend Equivalent rights are explicitly set forth as a separate arrangement and do not cause any such Option or SAR to be subject to Code Section 409A. 
 ARTICLE XIV. 
 TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS 
 14.1 Transferability of Incentive Stock Options . No ISO or Tandem SAR granted in connection with an ISO may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Further, all ISOs and Tandem SARs granted in connection with ISOs granted to a Participant shall be exercisable during his or her lifetime only by such Participant. 
 14.2 All Other Awards . Except as otherwise provided in Section 8.5 or a Participant s Award Agreement or otherwise determined at any time by the Committee, no Award granted under the Plan may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution provided that the Committee may permit further transferability, on a general or a specific basis, and may impose conditions and limitations on any permitted transferability, subject to Section 14.1 and any applicable Period of Restriction provided further, however, that no Award may be transferred for value or other consideration without first obtaining approval thereof by the shareholders of the Company. Further, except as otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement or otherwise determined at any time by the Committee, or unless the Committee decides to permit further transferability, subject to Section 14.1 and any applicable Period of Restriction, all Awards granted to a Participant under the Plan, and all rights with respect to such Awards, shall be exercisable or available during his or her lifetime only by or to such Participant. With respect to those Awards, if any, that are permitted to be transferred to another individual, references in the Plan to exercise or payment related to such Awards by or to the Participant shall be deemed to include, as determined by the Committee, the Participant s permitted transferee. A Participant s unexercised Option or SAR, or amounts due but remaining unpaid to such Participant, at the Participant s death, shall be exercised or paid as designated by the Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In the event any Award is exercised by or otherwise paid to the executors, administrators, heirs or 
 21 

Exhibit 10.1 

 distributees of the estate of a deceased Participant, or the transferee of an Award, in any such case, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the applicable Agreement and in accordance with such terms and conditions as may be specified from time to time by the Committee, the Company shall be under no obligation to issue Shares thereunder unless and until the Company is satisfied, as determined in the discretion of the Committee, that the person or persons exercising such Award, or to receive such payment, are the duly appointed legal representative of the deceased Participant s estate or the proper legatees or distributees thereof, or the valid transferee of such Award, as applicable. Any purported assignment, transfer or encumbrance of an Award that does not comply with this Section 14.2 shall be void and unenforceable against the Company. 
 ARTICLE XV. 
 RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS 
 15.1 Rights or Claims . No individual shall have any rights or claims under the Plan except in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement. The grant of an Award under the Plan shall not confer any rights upon the Participant holding such Award other than such terms, and subject to such conditions, as are specified in the Plan as being applicable to such type of Award, or to all Awards, or as are expressly set forth in the Award Agreement evidencing such Award. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing contained in the Plan or in any Award Agreement shall be deemed to 
 (a) Give any Employee or Non-Employee Director the right to be retained in the service of the Company, an Affiliate and or a Subsidiary, whether in any particular position, at any particular rate of compensation, for any particular period of time or otherwise 
 (b) Restrict in any way the right of the Company, an Affiliate and or a Subsidiary to terminate, change or modify any Employee s employment or any Non-Employee Director s service as a Director at any time with or without Cause 
 (c) Confer on any Consultant any right of continued relationship with the Company, an Affiliate and or a Subsidiary, or alter any relationship between them, including any right of the Company or an Affiliate or Subsidiary to terminate, change or modify its relationship with a Consultant 
 (d) Give any Employee, Non-Employee Director or Consultant the right to receive any bonus, whether payable in cash or in Shares, or in any combination thereof, from the Company, an Affiliate and or a Subsidiary, nor be construed as limiting in any way the right of the Company, an Affiliate and or a Subsidiary to determine, in its sole discretion, whether or not it shall pay any Employee, Non-Employee Director or Consultant bonuses, and, if so paid, the amount thereof and the manner of such payment or 
 (e) Give any Participant any rights whatsoever with respect to an Award except as specifically provided in the Plan and the Award Agreement. 
 15.2 Adoption of the Plan . The adoption of the Plan shall not be deemed to give any Employee, Non-Employee Director or Consultant or any other individual any right to be selected as a Participant or to be granted an Award, or, having been so selected, to be selected to receive a future Award. 
 
 15.3 Vesting . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, a Participant s right or entitlement to exercise or otherwise vest in any Award not exercisable or vested at the time of grant shall only result from continued services as a Non-Employee Director or Consultant or continued employment, as the case may be, with the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, or satisfaction of any other performance goals or other conditions or restrictions applicable, by its terms, to such Award. 
 15.4 No Effects on Benefits . Payments and other compensation received by a Participant under an Award are not part of such Participant s normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including calculating termination, indemnity, severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments under any laws, plans, contracts, arrangements or otherwise. No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages arises from the termination of the Plan or diminution in value of any Award or Shares purchased or otherwise received under the Plan. 
 22 

Exhibit 10.1 

15.5 One or More Types of Awards . A particular type of Award may be granted to a Participant either alone or in addition to other Awards under the Plan. 
 ARTICLE XVI. 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL 
 16.1 Treatment of Outstanding Awards . In the event of a Change of Control, unless otherwise specifically prohibited by any applicable laws, rules or regulations or otherwise provided in any applicable Award Agreement, as in effect prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control, specifically with respect to a Change of Control 
 (a) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the Award Agreement or by resolution adopted prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, that any Options, SARs and Other Stock-Based Awards (if applicable) which are outstanding shall become exercisable as determined by the Committee, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement provided , however , that if the surviving or successor corporation to the Company, or any parent or subsidiary thereof, or any other corporation that is a party to the transaction resulting in the Change of Control, does not agree to assume, or substitute equivalent options or other awards for, such Options, SARs or Other Stock-Based Awards, or in the event of a liquidation of the Company, then immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, or as of such earlier date as the Committee may prescribe, any and all Options, SARs and Other Stock-Based Awards (if applicable) which are outstanding shall immediately become fully exercisable as to all Shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Award Agreement. 
 (b) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the Award Agreement or by resolution adopted prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, that restrictions, performance goals or other conditions applicable to Restricted Stock Units, Shares of Restricted Stock and Other Stock-Based Awards previously awarded to Participants shall be canceled or deemed achieved, the Period of Restriction applicable thereto shall terminate, and restrictions on transfer, sale, assignment, pledge or other disposition applicable to any such Shares of Restricted Stock shall lapse, in each case, to the extent provided by the Committee, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Award Agreement provided , however , that if the surviving or successor corporation to the Company, or any parent or subsidiary thereof, or any other corporation that is a party to the transaction resulting in the Change of Control does not agree to assume, or substitute equivalent awards for, any such Awards, or in the event of a liquidation of the Company, then immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, any restrictions, performance goals or other conditions applicable to Restricted Stock Units, Shares of Restricted Stock and Other Stock-Based Awards previously awarded to Participants shall be immediately canceled or deemed achieved, the Period of Restriction applicable thereto shall immediately terminate, and all restrictions on transfer, sale, assignment, pledge or other disposition applicable to any such Shares of Restricted Stock shall immediately lapse, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Award Agreement. 
 (c) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the Award Agreement or by resolution adopted prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, that any Awards which are outstanding shall, in whole or in part, immediately become vested and nonforfeitable provided , however , that if the surviving or successor corporation to the Company, or any parent or subsidiary thereof, or any other corporation that is a party to the transaction resulting in the Change of Control does not agree to assume, or substitute equivalent awards for, any such Awards, or in the event of a liquidation of the Company, then immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, all Awards which are outstanding shall immediately become fully vested and nonforfeitable. 
 (d) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the Award Agreement or by resolution adopted prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, that the target payment opportunities attainable under any outstanding Awards of Performance Units, Performance Shares, Cash-Based Awards and other Awards shall be deemed to have been fully or partially earned for any Performance Period(s), as determined by the Committee, immediately prior to the effective date of the Change of Control. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence to 
 23 

Exhibit 10.1 

 the contrary, if the surviving or successor corporation to the Company, or any parent or subsidiary thereof, or any other corporation that is a party to the transaction resulting in the Change of Control does not agree to assume, or substitute equivalent awards for, any such Awards, or in the event of a liquidation of the Company, then the target payment opportunities attainable under any outstanding Awards of Performance Units, Performance Shares, Cash-Based Awards and other Awards shall be deemed to have been fully earned for the entire Performance Period(s) immediately prior to the effective date of the Change of Control, unless actual performance exceeds the target, in which case actual performance shall be used, and (i) there shall be paid out to each Participant holding such an Award denominated in Shares, not later than five (5) days prior to the effective date of the Change of Control, a pro rata number of Shares (or the equivalent Fair Market Value thereof, as determined by the Committee, in cash) based upon an assumed achievement of all relevant targeted performance goals, unless actual performance exceeds the target, in which case actual performance shall be used, and upon the length of time within the Performance Period which has elapsed prior to the Change of Control, and (ii) Awards denominated in cash shall be paid pro rata to applicable Participants in cash within thirty (30) days following the effective date of the Change of Control, with the pro-ration determined as a function of the length of time within the Performance Period which has elapsed prior to the Change of Control, and based on an assumed achievement of all relevant targeted performance goals, unless actual performance exceeds the target, in which case actual performance shall be used. 
 (e) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the Award Agreement applicable to any Award or by resolution adopted prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, that any Award the payment or settlement of which was deferred under Section 21.6 or otherwise may be paid or distributed immediately prior to the Change of Control, except as otherwise provided by the Committee in accordance with Section 16.1(f) provided , however , that if the surviving or successor corporation to the Company, or any parent or subsidiary thereof, or any other corporation that is a party to the transaction resulting in the Change of Control does not agree to assume, or substitute equivalent awards for, any such Awards, or in the event of a liquidation of the Company, then any such Award shall be paid or distributed immediately prior to such Change of Control, except as otherwise provided by the Committee in accordance with Section 16.1(f). 
 (f) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the Award Agreement applicable to any Award or by resolution adopted prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control, that any outstanding Award shall be adjusted by substituting for each Share subject to such Award immediately prior to the transaction resulting in the Change of Control the consideration (whether stock or other securities of the surviving corporation or any successor corporation to the Company, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or that may be issuable by another corporation that is a party to the transaction resulting in the Change of Control) received in such transaction by holders of Shares for each Share held on the closing or effective date of such transaction, in which event the aggregate Option Price or Grant Price, as applicable, of the Award shall remain the same provided , however , that if such consideration received in such transaction is not solely stock of a successor, surviving or other corporation, the Committee may provide for the consideration to be received upon exercise or payment of an Award, for each Share subject to such Award, to be solely stock or other securities of the successor, surviving or other corporation, as applicable, equal in fair market value, as determined by the Committee, to the per-Share consideration received by holders of Shares in such transaction. 
 (g) In its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide, either by the terms of the Award Agreement applicable to any Award or by resolution adopted prior to the occurrence of the Change of Control, that any outstanding Award (or portion thereof) shall be converted into a right to receive cash, on or as soon as practicable following the closing date or expiration date of the transaction resulting in the Change of Control in an amount equal to the highest value of the consideration to be received in connection with such transaction for one Share, or, if higher, the highest Fair Market Value of a Share during the thirty (30) consecutive business days immediately prior to the closing date or expiration date of such transaction, less the per-Share Option Price, Grant Price or outstanding unpaid purchase price, as applicable to the Award, multiplied by the number of Shares subject to such Award, or the applicable portion thereof. 
 (h) The Committee may, in its discretion, provide that an Award can or cannot be exercised after, or will otherwise terminate or not terminate as of, a Change of Control. 
 24 

Exhibit 10.1 

16.2 No Implied Rights Other Limitations . No Participant shall have any right to prevent the consummation of any of the acts described in Section 4.3 or 16.1 affecting the number of Shares available to, or other entitlement of, such Participant under the Plan or such Participant s Award. Any actions or determinations of the Committee under this Article XVI need not be uniform as to all outstanding Awards, nor treat all Participants identically. Notwithstanding any provision of Section 16.1 to the contrary, no actions of the Committee under Section 16.1 shall materially impair the previously accrued rights of a Participant under any outstanding Award without the written consent of such Participant unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the adjustments described in Section 16.1, in no event may any Option or SAR be exercised after ten (10) years from the date it was originally granted, and any changes to ISOs pursuant to this Article XVI shall, unless the Committee determines otherwise, only be effective to the extent such adjustments or changes do not cause a modification (within the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of the Code) of such ISOs or adversely affect the tax status of such ISOs. 
 16.3 Termination, Amendment, and Modifications of Change of Control Provisions . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan (but subject to the limitations of Section 16.1(h), the last sentence of Section 17.1 and Section 17.2) or any Award Agreement provision, the provisions of this Article XVI may not be terminated, amended, or modified on or after the date of a Change of Control to materially impair any Participant s Award theretofore granted and then outstanding under the Plan without the prior written consent of such Participant. 
 16.4 Compliance with Section 409A . Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, if a Change of Control that is not a Qualified Change of Control occurs, and payment or distribution of an Award constituting deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code would otherwise be made or commence on the date of such Change of Control (pursuant to the Plan, the Award Agreement or otherwise), (a) the vesting of such Award shall accelerate in accordance with the Plan and the Award Agreement, (b) such payment or distribution shall not be made or commence prior to the earliest date on which Code Section 409A permits such payment or distribution to be made or commence without additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A, and (c) in the event any such payment or distribution is deferred in accordance with the immediately preceding clause (b), such payment or distribution that would have been made prior to the deferred payment or commencement date, but for Code Section 409A, shall be paid or distributed on such earliest payment or commencement date, together, if determined by the Committee, with interest at the rate established by the Committee. The Committee shall not extend the period to exercise an Option or Stock Appreciation Right to the extent that such extension would cause the Option or Stock Appreciation Right to become subject to Code Section 409A. Additionally, the Committee shall not take any action pursuant to this Article XVI that would cause an Award that is otherwise exempt from Code Section 409A to become subject to Code Section 409A, or that would cause an Award that is subject to Code Section409A to fail to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 ARTICLE XVII. 
 AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, AND TERMINATION 
 17.1 Amendment, Modification, and Termination . The Board may, at any time and with or without prior notice, amend, alter, suspend, or terminate the Plan, and the Committee may, to the extent permitted by the Plan, amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, including any Award Agreement, in each case, retroactively or prospectively provided , however , that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, or termination of the Plan shall be made which, without first obtaining approval of the shareholders of the Company (where such approval is necessary to satisfy (i) the then-applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3, (ii) any requirements under the Code relating to ISOs or for exemption from Section 162(m) of the Code, or (iii) any applicable law, regulation or rule (including the applicable regulations and rules of the SEC and any national securities exchange)), would 
 (a) except as is provided in Section 4.3, increase the maximum number of Shares which may be sold or awarded under the Plan or increase the maximum limitations set forth in Section 4.2 
 (b) except as is provided in Section 4.3, decrease the minimum Option Price or Grant Price requirements of Sections 6.3 and 7.2, respectively 
 (c) change the class of persons eligible to receive Awards under the Plan 
 (d) change the Performance Measures set forth in Section 12.1 
 25 

Exhibit 10.1 

(e) extend the duration of the Plan or the period during which Options or SARs may be exercised under Section 6.4 or 7.6, as applicable or 
 (f) otherwise require shareholder approval to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule (including the applicable regulations and rules of the SEC and any national securities exchange). 
 In addition, (A) no such amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan or any Award theretofore granted, including any Award Agreement, shall be made which would materially impair the previously accrued rights of a Participant under any outstanding Award without the written consent of such Participant, provided, however, that the Board may amend or alter the Plan and the Committee may amend or alter any Award, including any Agreement, either retroactively or prospectively, without the consent of the applicable Participant, (x) so as to preserve or come within any exemptions from liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, pursuant to the rules and releases promulgated by the SEC (including Rule 16b-3), and or so that any Award that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation shall qualify for the performance-based compensation exception under Code Section 162(m) (or any successor provision), or (y) if the Board or the Committee determines in its discretion that such amendment or alteration either (I) is required or advisable for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy, comply with or meet the requirements of any law, regulation, rule or accounting standard or (II) is not reasonably likely to significantly diminish the benefits provided under such Award, or that such diminishment has been or will be adequately compensated, and (B) except as is provided in Section 4.3, but notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, neither the Board nor the Committee may take any action (1) to amend the terms of an outstanding Option or SAR to reduce the Option Price or Grant Price thereof, cancel an Option or SAR and replace it with a new Option or SAR with a lower Option Price or Grant Price, or that has an economic effect that is the same as any such reduction or cancellation or (2) to cancel an outstanding Option or SAR having an Option Price or Grant Price above the then-current Fair Market Value of the Shares in exchange for cash or the grant of another type of Award, without, in each such case, first obtaining approval of the shareholders of the Company of such action. 
 17.2 Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or Nonrecurring Events . The Board or the Committee shall make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including the events described in Section 4.3) affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles in order to prevent unintended dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan. Any such adjustment with respect to an Award intended to be an ISO shall be made only to the extent consistent with such intent, unless the Board or the Committee determines otherwise, and any such adjustment that is made with respect to an Award that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation shall be made consistent with the intent that such Award qualify for the performance-based compensation exception under Code Section 162(m) (or any successor provision). Additionally, neither the Board nor the Committee shall not make any adjustment pursuant to this Article XVII that would cause an Award that is otherwise exempt from Code Section 409A to become subject to Code Section 409A, or that would cause an Award that is subject to Code Section 409A to fail to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A. The determination of the Committee as to the foregoing adjustments shall be conclusive and binding on Participants under the Plan. 
 ARTICLE XVIII. 
 TAX WITHHOLDING AND OTHER TAX MATTERS 
 18.1 Tax Withholding . The Company and or any Subsidiary or Affiliate are authorized to withhold from any Award granted or payment due under the Plan the amount of all Federal, state, local and non-United States taxes due in respect of such Award or payment and take any such other action as may be necessary or appropriate, as determined by the Committee, to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. The recipient of any payment or distribution under the Plan shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company, as determined in the Committee s discretion, for the satisfaction of any tax obligations that arise by reason of any such payment or distribution. The Company shall not be required to make any payment or distribution under or relating to the Plan or any Award until such obligations are satisfied or such arrangements are made, as determined by the Committee in its discretion. 
 26 

Exhibit 10.1 

18.2 Withholding or Tendering Shares . Without limiting the generality of Section 18.1, the Committee may in its discretion permit a Participant to satisfy or arrange to satisfy, in whole or in part, the tax obligations incident to an Award by (a) electing to have the Company withhold Shares or other property otherwise deliverable to such Participant pursuant to his or her Award provided , however , that the amount of any Shares so withheld shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy required Federal, state, local and non-United States withholding obligations using the minimum statutory withholding rates for Federal, state, local and or non-U.S. tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable income) and or (b) tendering to the Company Shares owned by such Participant (or by such Participant and his or her spouse jointly) and purchased or held for the requisite period of time as may be required to avoid the Company s or the Affiliates or Subsidiaries incurring an adverse accounting charge, based, in each case, on the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the payment date as determined by the Committee. All such elections shall be irrevocable, made in writing, signed by the Participant, and shall be subject to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
 18.3 Restrictions . The satisfaction of tax obligations pursuant to this Article XVIII shall be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose, including any restrictions required by applicable law or the rules and regulations of the SEC, and shall be construed consistent with an intent to comply with any such applicable laws, rule and regulations. 
 18.4 Special ISO Obligations . The Committee may require a Participant to give prompt written notice to the Company concerning any disposition of Shares received upon the exercise of an ISO within (i) two (2) years from the date of granting such ISO to such Participant or (ii) one (1) year from the transfer of such Shares to such Participant or (iii) such other period as the Committee may from time to time determine. The Committee may direct that a Participant with respect to an ISO undertake in the applicable Award Agreement to give such written notice described in the preceding sentence, at such time and containing such information as the Committee may prescribe, and or that the certificates evidencing Shares acquired by exercise of an ISO refer to such requirement to give such notice. 
 18.5 Section 83(b) Election . If a Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to an Award as of the date of transfer of Shares rather than as of the date or dates upon which the Participant would otherwise be taxable under Section 83(a) of the Code, such Participant shall deliver a copy of such election to the Company immediately after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or Affiliate shall have any liability or responsibility relating to or arising out of the filing or not filing of any such election or any defects in its construction. 
 18.6 No Guarantee of Favorable Tax Treatment . Although the Company intends to administer the Plan so that Awards will be exempt from, or will comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A, the Company does not warrant that any Award under the Plan will qualify for favorable tax treatment under Code Section 409A or any other provision of federal, state, local, or non-United States law. The Company shall not be liable to any Participant for any tax, interest, or penalties the Participant might owe as a result of the grant, holding, vesting, exercise, or payment of any Award under the Plan. 

ARTICLE XIX. 
 LIMITS OF LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 19.1 Limits of Liability . 
 (a) Any liability of the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate to any Participant with respect to any Award shall be based solely upon contractual obligations created by the Plan and the Award Agreement. 
 (b) None of the Company, any Subsidiary, any Affiliate, any member of the Board or the Committee or any other person participating in any determination of any question under the Plan, or in the interpretation, administration or application of the Plan, shall have any liability, in the absence of bad faith, to any party for any action taken or not taken in connection with the Plan, except as may expressly be provided by statute. 
 27 

Exhibit 10.1 

(c) Each member of the Committee, while serving as such, shall be considered to be acting in his or her capacity as a director of the Company. Members of the Board of Directors and members of the Committee acting under the Plan shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the advice of counsel and shall incur no liability except for gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of their duties. 
 (d) The Company shall not be liable to a Participant or any other person as to (i) the non-issuance of Shares as to which the Company has been unable to obtain from any regulatory body having relevant jurisdiction the authority deemed by the Committee or the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, and (ii) any tax consequence expected, but not realized, by any Participant or other person due to the receipt, exercise or settlement of any Option or other Award. 
 19.2 Indemnification . Subject to the requirements of Indiana law, each individual who is or shall have been a member of the Committee or of the Board, or an officer of the Company to whom authority was delegated in accordance with Article III, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company s approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf, unless such loss, cost, liability, or expense is a result of the individual s own willful misconduct or except as provided by statute. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such individual may be entitled under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify or hold harmless such individual. 

ARTICLE XX. 
 SUCCESSORS 
 20.1 Successors . All obligations of the Company under the Plan with respect to Awards granted hereunder shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company. 
 ARTICLE XXI. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 21.1 Drafting Context . Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein also shall include the feminine the plural shall include the singular and the singular shall include the plural. The words Article, Section, and paragraph herein shall refer to provisions of the Plan, unless expressly indicated otherwise. The words include, includes, and including herein shall be deemed to be followed by without limitation whether or not they are in fact followed by such words or words of similar import, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 21.2 Forfeiture Events . 
 (a) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Committee shall have the authority to determine (and may so provide in any Agreement) that a Participant s (including his or her estate s or transferee s) rights (including the right to exercise any Option or SAR), payments and benefits with respect to any Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment in the event of the Participant s Termination for Cause or due to voluntary resignation serious misconduct violation of the Company s or a Subsidiary s or Affiliate s policies breach of fiduciary duty unauthorized disclosure of any trade secret or confidential information of the 
 28 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate breach of applicable noncompetition, nonsolicitation, confidentiality or other restrictive covenants or other conduct or activity that is in competition with the business of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, or otherwise detrimental to the business, reputation or interests of the Company and or any Subsidiary or Affiliate or upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the applicable Award Agreement (in any such case, whether or not the Participant is then an Employee, Non-Employee Director or Consultant). The determination of whether a Participant s conduct, activities or circumstances are described in the immediately preceding sentence shall be made by the Committee in its good faith discretion, and pending any such determination, the Committee shall have the authority to suspend the exercise, payment, delivery or settlement of all or any portion of such Participant s outstanding Awards pending an investigation of the matter. 
 (b) If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, if the Participant knowingly or grossly negligently engaged in the misconduct, or knowingly or grossly negligently failed to prevent the misconduct, or if the Participant is one of the individuals subject to automatic forfeiture under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Participant shall reimburse the Company the amount of any payment in settlement of an Award earned or accrued during the twelve- (12-) month period following the first public issuance or filing with the SEC (whichever just occurred) of the financial document embodying such financial reporting requirement. 
 21.3 Severability . In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 21.4 Transfer, Leave of Absence . For purposes of the Plan, a transfer of an Employee from the Company to an Affiliate or Subsidiary (or, for purposes of any ISO granted under the Plan, only a Subsidiary), or vice versa, or from one Affiliate or Subsidiary to another (or in the case of an ISO, only from one Subsidiary to another), and a leave of absence, duly authorized in writing by the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate, shall not be deemed a Termination of the Employee for purposes of the Plan or with respect to any Award (in the case of ISOs, to the extent permitted by the Code). The Committee shall have the discretion to determine the effects upon any Award, upon an individual s status as an Employee, Non-Employee Director or Consultant for purposes of the Plan (including whether a Participant shall be deemed to have experienced a Termination or other change in status) and upon the exercisability, vesting, termination or expiration of any Award in the case of (a) any Participant who is employed by an entity that ceases to be an Affiliate or Subsidiary (whether due to a spin-off or otherwise), (b) any transfer of a Participant between locations of employment with the Company, an Affiliate, and or Subsidiary or between the Company, an Affiliate or Subsidiary or between Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (c) any leave of absence of a Participant, (d) any change in a Participant s status from an Employee to a Consultant or a Non-Employee Director, or vice versa and (e) upon approval by the Committee, any Employee who experiences a Termination but becomes employed by a partnership, joint venture, corporation or other entity not meeting the requirements of an Affiliate or Subsidiary, subject, in each case, to the requirements of Code Section 422 applicable to any ISOs and Code Section 409A applicable to any Options and SARs. 
 21.5 Exercise and Payment of Awards . An Award shall be deemed exercised or claimed when the Secretary of the Company or any other Company official or other person designated by the Committee for such purpose receives appropriate written notice from a Participant, in form acceptable to the Committee, together with payment of the applicable Option Price, Grant Price or other purchase price, if any, and compliance with Article XVIII, in accordance with the Plan and such Participant s Award Agreement. 
 21.6 Deferrals . To the extent provided in the Award Agreement, the Committee may permit or require a Participant to defer such Participant s receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to such Participant by virtue of the lapse or waiver of the Period of Restriction or other restrictions with respect to Restricted Stock or the payment or satisfaction of Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Performance Shares, Cash-Based Awards or Other Stock-Based Awards. If any such deferral election is required or permitted, (a) such deferral shall represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company and shall not confer the 
 29 

Exhibit 10.1 

 rights of a shareholder unless and until Shares are issued thereunder (b) the number of Shares subject to such deferral shall, until settlement thereof, be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 4.3 and (c) the Committee shall establish rules and procedures for such deferrals and payment or settlement thereof, which may be in cash, Shares or any combination thereof, and such deferrals may be governed by the terms and conditions of any deferred compensation plan of the Company or Affiliate specified by the Committee for such purpose. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan to the contrary, in no event shall any deferral under this Section 21.6 be permitted if the Committee determines that such deferral would result in the imposition of additional tax under Code Section 409A of the Code. 
 21.7 No Effect on Other Plans . Neither the adoption of the Plan nor anything contained herein shall affect any other compensation or incentive plans or arrangements of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, or prevent or limit the right of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to establish any other forms of incentives or compensation for their directors, officers, eligible employees or consultants or grant or assume options or other rights otherwise than under the Plan. 
 21.8 Section 16 of Exchange Act and Code Section 162(m) . Unless otherwise stated in the Award Agreement, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, any Award granted to an Insider shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including Rule 16b-3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule, and the Plan and the Award Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such limitations. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement, any Award to a Covered Employee that is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation shall be subject to any applicable limitations set forth in Code Section 162(m) or any regulations or rulings issued thereunder (including any amendment to the foregoing) that are requirements for qualification as other performance-based compensation as described in Code Section 162(m)(4)(C), and the Plan and the Award Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such requirements and no action of the Committee that would cause such Award not to so qualify shall be effective. 
 21.9 Requirements of Law Limitations on Awards . 
 (a) The granting of Awards and the issuance of Shares under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 (b) If at any time the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration and or qualification of Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, Federal or non-United States law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the sale or purchase of Shares hereunder, the Company shall have no obligation to allow the grant, exercise or payment of any Award, or to issue or deliver evidence of title for Shares issued under the Plan, in whole or in part, unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent and or approval shall have been effected or obtained, or otherwise provided for, free of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee. 
 
 (c) If at any time counsel to the Company shall be of the opinion that any sale or delivery of Shares pursuant to an Award is or may be in the circumstances unlawful or result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate under the statutes, rules or regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, the Company shall have no obligation to make such sale or delivery, or to make any application or to effect or to maintain any qualification or registration under the Securities Act, or otherwise with respect to Shares or Awards and the right to exercise or payment of any Option or Award shall be suspended until, in the opinion of such counsel, such sale or delivery shall be lawful or will not result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (d) Upon termination of any period of suspension under this Section 21.9, any Award affected by such suspension which shall not then have expired or terminated shall be reinstated as to all Shares available before such suspension and as to the Shares which would otherwise have become available during the period of such suspension, but no suspension shall extend the term of any Award. 
 30 

Exhibit 10.1 

(e) The Committee may require each person receiving Shares in connection with any Award under the Plan to represent and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring such Shares for investment without a view to the distribution thereof, and or provide such other representations and agreements as the Committee may prescribe. The Committee, in its absolute discretion, may impose such restrictions on the ownership and transferability of the Shares purchasable or otherwise receivable by any person under any Award as it deems appropriate. Any such restrictions shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, and the certificates evidencing such shares may include any legend that the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any such restrictions. 
 (f) An Award and any Shares received upon the exercise or payment of an Award shall be subject to such other transfer and or ownership restrictions and or legending requirements as the Committee may establish in its discretion and may be referred to on the certificates evidencing such Shares, including restrictions under applicable Federal securities laws, under the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are then listed and or traded, and under any blue sky or state securities laws applicable to such Shares. 
 21.10 Participants Deemed to Accept Plan . By accepting any benefit under the Plan, each Participant and each person claiming under or through any such Participant shall be conclusively deemed to have indicated their acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and any action taken under the Plan by the Board, the Committee or the Company, in any case in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 21.11 Governing Law . The Plan and all Award Agreements and other agreements hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the state of Indiana, without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof, except to the extent superseded by applicable United States federal law. Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, Participants are deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal or state courts of Indiana, to resolve any and all issues that may arise out of or relate to the Plan or any related Award Agreement. 
 21.12 Plan Unfunded . The Plan shall be unfunded. The Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or to make any other segregation of assets to assure the issuance of Shares or the payment of cash upon exercise or payment of any Award. Proceeds from the sale of Shares pursuant to Options or other Awards granted under the Plan shall constitute general funds of the Company. 
 21.13 Administration Costs . The Company shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in administering the Plan, including expenses of issuing Shares pursuant to any Options or other Awards granted hereunder. 
 21.14 Uncertificated Shares . To the extent that the Plan provides for issuance of certificates to reflect the transfer of Shares, the transfer of such Shares may nevertheless be effected on a noncertificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange. 
 21.15 No Fractional Shares . An Option or other Award shall not be exercisable with respect to a fractional Share or the lesser of fifty (50) shares or the full number of Shares then subject to the Option or other Award. No fractional Shares shall be issued upon the exercise or payment of an Option or other Award. 
 21.16 Deferred Compensation . If any Award would be considered deferred compensation as defined under Code Section 409A and would fail to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A, then such Award shall be null and void provided , however , that the Committee may permit deferrals of compensation pursuant to the terms of a Participant s Award Agreement, a separate plan, or a subplan which (in each case) meets the requirements of Code Section 409A. Additionally, to the extent any Award is subject to Code Section 409A, notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Plan does not permit the acceleration of the time or schedule of any distribution related to such Award, except as permitted by Code Section 409A. 
 21.17 Participants Based Outside of the United States . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws or practices of countries other than the United States in which the 
 31 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Company, any Affiliate, and or any Subsidiary operates or has Employees, Consultants or Non-Employee Directors, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to 
 (a) Determine which Affiliates and Subsidiaries shall be covered by the Plan 
 (b) Determine which Employees, Consultants and or Non-Employee Directors outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan 
 
 (c) Grant Awards (including substitutes for Awards), and modify the terms and conditions of any Awards, on such terms and conditions as the Committee determines necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by individuals otherwise eligible to so participate who are non-United States nationals or employed outside the United States, or otherwise to comply with applicable non-United States laws or conform to applicable requirements or practices of jurisdictions outside the United States 
 (d) Establish subplans and adopt or modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent such actions may be necessary or advisable. Any subplans and modifications to Plan terms and procedures established under this Section 21.17 by the Committee shall be attached to the Plan as appendices and 
 (e) Take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Committee, in its discretion, deems advisable to obtain approval or comply with any necessary local government regulatory exemptions or approvals. 
 Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate any applicable law. 
 
 32 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 exhibit1011-primarybluecro.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 
 Exhibit 10.11 

BLUE CROSS LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 (Includes revisions, if any, adopted by Member Plans through their June 16, 2022 meeting) 

This agreement by and between Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and The Blue Cross Plan, known as (the Plan ). 
 Preamble 

WHEREAS, the Plan and or its predecessor(s) in interest (collectively the Plan had the right to use the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks for health care plans in its service area, which was essentially local in nature 
 
 WHEREAS, the Plan was desirous of assuring nationwide protection of the Licensed Marks, maintaining uniform quality controls among Plans, facilitating the provision of cost effective health care services to the public and otherwise benefiting the public 
 
 WHEREAS, to better attain such ends, the Plan and the predecessor of BCBSA in 1972 simultaneously executed the BCA License Agreement (s) and the Ownership Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA and the Plan desire to supercede said Agreement(s) and to revise certain provisions of the Ownership Agreement to reflect their current practices and to assure the continued integrity of the Licensed Marks and of the BLUE CROSS system 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 Agreement 
 1. BCBSA hereby grants to the Plan, upon the terms and conditions of this License Agreement Agreement or Primary License Agreement ), the right to use BLUE CROSS in its trade and or corporate name (the Licensed Name ), and the right to use the Licensed Marks, in the sale, marketing and administration of health care plans and related services in the Service Area set forth and defined in paragraph 5 below. As used herein, health care plans and related services shall include acting as a nonprofit health care plan, a for-profit health care plan, or mutual health insurer operating on a not-for-profit or for-profit basis, under state law financing access to health care services when working with a bank that holds the relevant license to use the Licensed Name and Marks, offering (i) tax- favored savings accounts for medical expenses and means for accessing such accounts, such as debit cards or checks, that are provided solely to support access to such tax- favored savings accounts, all pursuant to such license, or (ii) prepaid rewards cards that are provided for completion of a wellness program, all pursuant to such license providing health care management and administration administering, but not underwriting, non- health portions of Workers Compensation Insurance delivering health care services, except hospital services (as defined in the Guidelines to Membership Standards Applicable to Regular Members) and performing the Eligibility and Enrollment functions of HR administration for all benefit plans offered by a group account to its members, including benefit plans not provided by the Plan, provided that the Plan has contracted to provide Health Coverage under the Licensed Marks to the account (as the terms Health Coverage, Eligibility and Enrollment are defined in Exhibit 4, Paragraph 2.t.). 

Exhibit 10.11 

 2. The Plan may use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with the offering of i) health care plans and related services in the Service Area through Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1 hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement and ii) insurance coverages offered by life insurers under the applicable law in the Service Area, other than those which the Plan may offer in its own name, provided through Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1A hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement Applicable to Life Insurance Companies or the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1A1 hereto (the Controlled Affiliate Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products and further provided that the offering of such services does not and will not dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name and iii) administration and underwriting of Workers Compensation Insurance Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1 hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License and iv) regional Medicare Advantage PPO products in cooperation with one or more other Plans through jointly-held Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1B hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement Applicable to Regional Medicare Advantage PPO Products and v) regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan products in cooperation with one or more other Plans through jointly-held Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1C hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement Applicable to Regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan Products ). As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner that it is subject to the bona fide control of a Plan or Plans and, if the entity meets the standards of Paragraph 2a.B but not Paragraph 2a.A, the entity, its owners, and persons with authority to select or 
 Amended as of September 19, 2014 

Exhibit 10.11 

appoint members or board members, other than a Plan or Plans, have received written approval of BCBSA. Absent written approval by BCBSA of an alternative method of control, bona fide control shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraphs 2a. and 2b. 
 2a. With respect to the Controlled Affiliate Licenses authorized in clauses i) through iii) of Paragraph 2, bona fide control shall mean that a Plan (the Sponsoring Plan authorized to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate pursuant to this Primary License Agreement with BCBSA must have 
 
 A. The legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate's governing body having more than 50 voting control thereof (b) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate (c) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own more than 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, provided that in instances where the Sponsoring Plan formed a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee and such publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee owns and controls other Controlled Affiliate Licensees, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly shall own and control more than 50 of any Controlled Affiliate that is indirectly owned and controlled by the publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee or 
 B. The legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate's governing body having not less than 50 voting control thereof (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate at least equal to that exercised by persons or entities (jointly or individually) other than the Sponsoring Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by the Sponsoring Plan before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 1. Change its legal and or trade name 
 
 2. Change the geographic area in which it operates 
 
 3. Change any of the types of businesses in which it engages 
 
 4. Create, or become liable for by way of guarantee, any indebtedness, other than indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business 
 
 5. Sell any assets, except for sales in the ordinary course of business or sales of equipment no longer useful or being replaced 
 
 6. Make any loans or advances except in the ordinary course of business 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 -2- 

Exhibit 10.11 

7. Enter into any arrangement or agreement with any party directly or indirectly affiliated with any of the owners of the Controlled Affiliate or persons or entities with the authority to select or appoint members or board members of the Controlled Affiliate, other than the Sponsoring Plan or other Plans (excluding owners of stock holdings of under 5 in a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate) 
 
 8. Conduct any business other than under the Licensed Marks and Name 
 
 9. Take any action that the Sponsoring Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks or Names. 
 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries shall own at least 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, provided that in instances where the Sponsoring Plan formed a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee and such publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee owns and controls other Controlled Affiliate Licensees, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly shall own and control at least 50 of any Controlled Affiliate that is indirectly owned and controlled by the publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee or 
 
 C. With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 controlled by Plans including the Sponsoring Plan and which offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and services, the legal authority by the Sponsoring Plan together with such other Plans (a) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, with the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans each having an ownership interest. Such 100 control and ownership by Plans shall be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License attached as Exhibit B-1 to Exhibit 1 attached hereto or 

Amended as of June 20, 2019 

Exhibit 10.11 

D. With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 controlled by a Sponsoring Plan which on a Blue-branded basis offers solely a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug product, the legal authority by the Sponsoring Plan (a) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. Such 100 control and ownership by the Plan shall be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Sponsoring Plan and Participating Plan as defined on the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License attached as Exhibit B-2 to Exhibit 1 attached hereto. 
 
 E. With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that operates as a clinic, the legal authority by the Sponsoring Plan to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate as defined in Exhibit 1, Standard 1(E) and the Guidelines to Administer Standard 1(E). In addition, if the clinic is for- profit, the Sponsoring Plan shall own at least 50 of the Controlled Affiliate and prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur. 
 
 2b. With respect to the Controlled Affiliate License Agreements authorized in clauses iv) and v) of Paragraph 2, bona fide control shall mean that the Controlled Affiliate is organized and operated in such a manner that it meets the following requirements 
 A. The Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Plans authorized to use the Licensed Marks pursuant to this License Agreement with BCBSA (for purposes of this subparagraph A. through subparagraph C., the Controlling Plans and 
 
 Amended as of June 20, 2019 
 
 -2a- 

Exhibit 10.11 

B. Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to this Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region (as that term is defined in such Controlled Affiliate License Agreements) and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 
 
 C. The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur and (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) of this subparagraph E., the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 
 1. Change its legal and or trade names 
 
 2. Change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 3. Change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 4. Take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 Amended as of June 19, 2014 
 
 (The next page is page 3) 
 -2b- 

Exhibit 10.11 

3. With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is not licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name, the Plan may, in communications that contain the Licensed Marks or Name, indicate its corporate relationship to the Affiliate and permit such Affiliate to indicate its corporate relationship to the Plan, solely in the circumstances, style and manner specified by BCBSA from time-to-time in regulations of general application consistent with the avoidance of confusion or mistake or the dilution or tarnishment of the Licensed Marks and Name. No rights are hereby created in any Controlled Affiliate to use the Licensed Marks or Name in its own name or otherwise. 
 
 4. The Plan recognizes the importance of a comprehensive national network of independent BCBSA licensees which are committed to strengthening the Licensed Marks and Name. The Plan further recognizes that its actions within its Service Area may affect the value of the Licensed Marks and Name nationwide. The Plan agrees (a) to maintain in good standing its membership in BCBSA (b) promptly to pay its dues to BCBSA, said dues to represent the royalties for this License Agreement (c) materially to comply with all applicable laws (d) to comply with the Membership Standards Applicable to Regular Members of BCBSA, a current copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2 hereto and (e) reasonably to permit BCBSA, upon a written, good faith request and during reasonable business hours, to inspect the Plan's books and records necessary to ascertain compliance herewith. As to other Plans and third parties, BCBSA shall maintain the confidentiality of all documents and information furnished by the Plan pursuant hereto, or pursuant to the Membership Standards, and clearly designated by the Plan as containing proprietary information of the Plan. 
 
 5. The rights hereby granted are exclusive to the Plan within the geographical area(s) served by the Plan on June 30, 1972, and or as to which the Plan has been granted a subsequent license, which is hereby defined as the Service Area, except that BCBSA reserves the right to use the Licensed Marks in said Service Area, and except to the extent that said Service Area may overlap areas served by one or more other licensed Blue Cross Plans as of said date or subsequent license, as to which overlapping areas the rights hereby granted are nonexclusive as to such other Plan or Plans only. 

Amended as of June 19, 2014 
 
 -3- 

Exhibit 10.11 

6. Except as expressly provided by BCBSA with respect to National Accounts, Government Programs and certain other necessary and collateral uses, the current rules and regulations governing which are attached as Exhibit 3 and Exhibit 4 hereto, and are contained in other documents referenced herein, or as expressly provided herein, the Plan may not use the Licensed Marks and Name outside the Service Area or in connection with other goods and services, nor may the Plan use the Licensed Marks or Name in a manner which is intended to transfer in the Service Area the goodwill associated therewith to another mark or name. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent the Plan from engaging in lawful activity anywhere under other marks and names not confusingly similar to the Licensed Marks and Name, provided that engaging in such activity does and will not dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name. In addition to any and all remedies available hereunder, BCBSA may impose monetary fines on the Plan for the Plan s use of the Licensed Marks and Names outside the Service Area, and provided that the procedure used in imposing a fine is consistent with procedures specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time in regulations of general application. In the case of regional Medicare Advantage PPO and regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan products offered by consenting and participating Plans in a region that includes the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Plan, such fine may be imposed jointly on the consenting and participating Plans for use of the Licensed Marks and Name in any geographic area of the region in which a Plan having exclusive rights to the Licensed Marks and Name does not consent to and participate in such offering, provided that the basis for imposition of such fine is consistent with rules specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time in regulations of general application. 
 
 7. The Plan agrees that it will display the Licensed Marks and Name only in such form, style and manner as shall be specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time-to-time in regulations of general application in order to prevent impairment of the distinctiveness of the Licensed Marks and Name and the goodwill pertaining thereto. The Plan shall cause to appear on all materials on or in connection with which the Licensed Marks or Name are used such legends, markings and notices as BCBSA may reasonably request in order to give appropriate notice of service mark or other proprietary rights therein or pertaining thereto. 
 
 8. BCBSA agrees that (a) it will not grant any other license effective during the term of this License Agreement for the use of the Licensed Marks or Name which is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Plan hereunder and (b) it will not itself use the Licensed Marks in derogation of the rights of the Plan or in a manner to deprive the Plan of the full benefits of this License Agreement, provided that BCBSA shall have the right to use the Licensed Marks in conjunction with any national offering under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program in the manner set forth in Exhibit 4, Paragraph 4 (including subparagraphs) to this License Agreement. The Plan agrees that it will not attack the title of BCBSA in and to the Licensed Marks or Name or attack the validity of the Licensed Marks or of this License Agreement. The Plan further agrees that all use by it of the Licensed Marks and Name or any similar mark or name shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA, and the Plan shall cooperate with BCBSA in effectuating the assignment to BCBSA of any service mark or trademark registrations of the Licensed Marks or any similar mark or name held by the Plan or a Controlled Affiliate of the Plan, all or any portion of which registration consists of the Licensed Marks. 
 Amended as of November 16, 2006 
 -3a- 

Exhibit 10.11 

9. (a). Should the Plan fail to comply with the provisions of paragraphs 2-4, 6, 7 and or 12, and not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof (or commence curing such failure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the curing of such failure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period), BCBSA shall have the right to issue a notice that the Plan is in a state of noncompliance. Except as to the termination of a Plan's License Agreement or the merger of two or more Plans, disputes as to noncompliance, and all other disputes between or among BCBSA, the Plan, other Plans and or Controlled Affiliates, shall be submitted promptly to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution pursuant to the rules and regulations of BCBSA, a current copy of which is attached as Exhibit 5 hereto, and shall be timely presented and resolved. The mandatory dispute resolution panel shall have authority to issue orders for specific performance and assess monetary penalties. If a state of noncompliance as aforesaid is undisputed by the Plan or is found to exist by a mandatory dispute resolution panel and is uncured as provided above, BCBSA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of the License Agreement. Except, however, as provided in paragraphs 9(d)(iii), 15(a)(i)-(viii), and 15(a)(x) below, no Plan's license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be finally terminated for any reason without the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans. 
 
 (b). Notwithstanding any other provision of this License Agreement, a Plan's license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be forthwith terminated by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans at a special meeting expressly called by BCBSA for the purpose on ten (10) days written notice to the Plan advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Plan an opportunity to be heard and to present its response to Member Plans for (i) failure to comply with any minimum capital or liquidity requirement under the Membership Standard on Financial Responsibility or (ii) impending financial insolvency or (iii) the pendency of any action instituted against the Plan seeking its dissolution or liquidation or its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business or seeking the declaration or establishment of a trust for any of its property of business, unless this License Agreement has been earlier terminated under paragraph 15(a) or (iv) such other reason as is determined in good faith immediately and irreparably to threaten the integrity and reputation of BCBSA, the Plans and or the Licensed Marks. 

Amended as of March 16, 2006 
 
 -4- 

Exhibit 10.11 

(c). To the extent not otherwise provided therein, neither (i) the Membership Standards Applicable to Regular Members of BCBSA nor (ii) the rules and regulations governing Government Programs and certain other uses nor (iii) the rules and regulations governing mediation and mandatory dispute resolution, may be amended unless and until each such amendment is first adopted by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and of three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans. The rules and regulations governing National Accounts and other national programs required by the Membership Standards Applicable to Regular Members of BCBSA (Exhibit 2) are contained, in addition to those set forth in Exhibit 3, in the following documents, as amended from time to time (1) the Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions (2) Inter- Plan Medicare Advantage Program Policies and Provisions. The voting requirements specified in rules and regulations governing such national programs may not be amended unless and until each such amendment is first adopted by the affirmative vote of three- fourths of the Plans and of three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans. 

Amended as of November 21, 2014 

-4a- 

Exhibit 10.11 

(d). The Plan may operate as a for-profit company on the following conditions 
 
 (i) The Plan shall discharge all responsibilities which it has to the 
 Association and to other Plans by virtue of this Agreement and the Plan's membership in BCBSA. 
 
 (ii) The Plan shall not use the licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of its legal name or any symbol used to identify the Plan in any securities market. The Plan shall use the licensed Marks and Name as part of its trade name within its service area for the sale, marketing and administration of health care and related services in the service area. 
 
 (iii) Plan's license to use the Licensed Marks and Name shall automatically terminate effective (a) thirty days after the Plan knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Institutional Investor, has become the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 10 or more of the voting power of the Plan Excess Institutional Voter ), unless such Excess Institutional Voter shall cease to be an Excess Institutional Voter prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (b) thirty days after the Plan knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Noninstitutional Investor has become the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 5 or more of the voting power of the Plan Excess Noninstitutional Voter unless such Excess Noninstitutional Voter shall cease to be an Excess Noninstitutional Voter prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (c) thirty days after the Plan knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Person has become the Beneficial Owner of 20 or more of the Plan s then outstanding common stock or other equity securities which (either by themselves or in combination) represent an ownership interest of 20 or more pursuant to determinations made under paragraph 9(d)(iv) below Excess Owner ), unless such Excess Owner shall cease to be an Excess Owner prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (d) ten business days after individuals who at the time the Plan went public constituted the Board of Directors of the Plan (together with any new directors whose election to the Board was approved by a vote of 2 3 of the directors then still in office who were directors at the time the Plan went public or whose election or nomination was previously so approved) (the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors or (e) ten business days after the Plan consolidates with or merges with or into any person or conveys, assigns, transfers or sells all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than a merger in which the Plan is the surviving entity and immediately after which merger, no person is an Excess Institutional Voter, an Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner provided that, if requested by the affected Plan in a writing received by BCBSA prior to such automatic termination becoming effective, the provisions of this paragraph 9(d)(iii) may be waived, in whole or in part, 

Amended as of September 17, 1997 
 -5- 

Exhibit 10.11 

upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Plans and a majority of the total then current weighted vote of the disinterested Plans. Any waiver so granted may be conditioned upon such additional requirements (including but not limited to imposing new and independent grounds for termination of this License) as shall be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Plans and a majority of the total then current weighted vote of the disinterested Plans. If a timely waiver request is received, no automatic termination shall become effective until the later of (1) the conclusion of the applicable time period specified in paragraphs 9(d)(iii)(a)-(d) above, or (2) the conclusion of the first Member Plan meeting after receipt of such a waiver request. 
 
 In the event that the Plan's license to use the Licensed Marks and Name is terminated pursuant to this Paragraph 9(d)(iii), the license may be reinstated in BCBSA s sole discretion if, within 30 days of the date of such termination, the Plan demonstrates that the Person referred to in clause (a), (b) or (c) of the preceding paragraph is no longer an Excess Institutional Voter, an Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner. 
 
 (iv) The Plan shall not issue any class or series of security other than (i) shares of common stock having identical terms or options or derivatives of such common stock, (ii) non-voting, non-convertible debt securities or (iii) such other securities as the Plan may approve, provided that BCBSA receives notice at least thirty days prior to the issuance of such securities, including a description of the terms for such securities, and BCBSA shall have the authority to determine how such other securities will be counted in determining whether any Person is an Excess Institutional Voter, Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner. 
 (v) For purposes of paragraph 9(d)(iii), the following definitions shall apply 
 
 (a) Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect on November 17, 1993 (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 (b) A Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of and shall be deemed to beneficially own any securities 
 
 (i) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly 

-5a- 
 
 Amended as of September 17, 1997 

Exhibit 10.11 

(ii) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates has (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report) or 
 
 (iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which such Person (or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities) relating to the acquisition, holding, voting (except to the extent contemplated by the proviso to (b)(ii)(B) above) or disposing of any securities of the Plan. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial Ownership to the contrary, the phrase then outstanding, when used with reference to a Person's Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Plan, shall mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together with the number of such securities not then actually issued and outstanding which such Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder. 
 
 (c) A Person shall be deemed an Institutional Investor if (but only if) such Person (i) is an entity or group identified in the SEC s Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii) as constituted on June 1, 1997, and (ii) every filing made by such Person with the SEC under Regulation 13D-G (or any successor Regulation) with respect to such Person s Beneficial Ownership of Plan securities shall have contained a certification identical to the one required by item 10 of SEC Schedule 13G as constituted on June 1, 1997. 
 
 (d) Noninstitutional Investor means any Person who is not an Institutional Investor. 
 
 (e) Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, trust, association, joint venture or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 

Amended as of September 17, 1997 
 -5b- (The next page is page 6) 

Exhibit 10.11 

10. This License Agreement shall remain in effect (a) until terminated as provided herein or (b) until this and all such other License Agreements are terminated by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans or (c) until termination of aforesaid Ownership Agreement or 
 (d) until terminated by the Plan upon eighteen (18) months written notice to BCBSA or upon a shorter notice period approved by BCBSA in writing at its sole discretion. 
 
 11. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 15 below or by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans, or unless this and all such other License Agreements are simultaneously terminated by force of law, the termination of this License Agreement for any reason whatsoever shall cause the reversion to BCBSA of all rights in and to the Licensed Marks and Name, and the Plan agrees that it will promptly discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks and Name, will not use them thereafter, and will promptly, upon written notice from BCBSA, change its corporate name so as to eliminate the Licensed Name therefrom. 
 
 12. The license hereby granted to Plan to use the Licensed Marks and Name is and shall be personal to the Plan so licensed and shall not be assignable by any act of the Plan, directly or indirectly, without the written consent of BCBSA. Said license shall not be assignable by operation of law, nor shall Plan mortgage or part with possession or control of this license or any right hereunder, and the Plan shall have no right to grant any sublicense to use the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 13. BCBSA shall maintain appropriate service mark registrations of the Licensed Marks and BCBSA shall take such lawful steps and proceedings as may be necessary or proper to prevent use of the Licensed Marks by any person who is not authorized to use the same. Any actions or proceedings undertaken by BCBSA under the provisions of this paragraph shall be at BCBSA's sole cost and expense. BCBSA shall have the sole right to determine whether or not any legal action shall be taken on account of unauthorized use of the Licensed Marks, such right not to be unreasonably exercised. The Plan shall report any unlawful usage of the Licensed Marks to BCBSA in writing and agrees, free of charge, to cooperate fully with BCBSA's program of enforcing and protecting the service mark rights, trade name rights and other rights in the Licensed Marks. 
 
 14. The Plan hereby agrees to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA and any other Plan(s) harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description which may arise as a result of the activities of the Plan or of any hospital, medical group, clinic or other provider of health services that is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by Plan. BCBSA hereby agrees to save, defend, indemnify and hold the Plan and any other Plan(s) harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities And costs of every kind, nature and description which may arise exclusively and directly as a result of the activities of BCBSA. 
 
 Amended as of June 21, 2012 
 -6- 

Exhibit 10.11 

15. (a). This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following events (i) a voluntary petition shall be filed by the Plan or by BCBSA seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief, or (ii) an involuntary petition or proceeding shall be filed against the Plan or BCBSA seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief and such petition or proceeding is consented to or acquiesced in by the Plan or BCBSA or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of the date upon which the petition or other document commencing the proceeding is served upon the Plan or BCBSA respectively, or (iii) an order for relief is entered against the Plan or BCBSA in any case under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, or the Plan or BCBSA is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent (as that term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the state of Illinois) by any court of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) the Plan or BCBSA makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (v) any government or any government official, office, agency, branch, or unit assumes control of the Plan or delinquency proceedings (voluntary or involuntary) are instituted, or (vi) an action is brought by the Plan or BCBSA seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business, or (vii) an action is instituted by any governmental entity or officer against the Plan or BCBSA seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business and such action is consented to or acquiesced in by the Plan or BCBSA or is not dismissed within one hundred thirty (130) days of the date upon which the pleading or other document commencing the action is served upon the Plan or BCBSA respectively, provided that if the action is stayed or its prosecution is enjoined, the one hundred thirty (130) day period is tolled for the duration of the stay or injunction, and provided further, that the Association s Board of Directors may toll or extend the 130 day period at any time prior to its expiration, or (viii) a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of the Plan's or BCBSA's property or business is appointed, or the Plan or BCBSA is ordered dissolved or liquidated, or (ix) the Plan shall fail to pay its dues and shall not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof, or (x) if, due to regulatory action, the Plan together with any applicable Controlled Affiliate becomes unable to do business using the Names and Marks in any State or portion thereof included in its Service Area, provided that (i) automatic termination shall not occur prior to the exhaustion by any such Plan of its rights to appeal or challenge such regulatory action and (ii) in the event the Plan is licensed to do business using the Names and Marks in multiple States or portions of States, the termination of its License Agreement shall be solely limited to the State(s) or portions thereof in which the regulatory action applies. By not appealing or challenging such regulatory action within the time prescribed by law or regulation, and in any event no later than 120 days after such action is taken, a Plan shall be deemed to have exhausted its rights to appeal or challenge, and automatic termination shall proceed. 
 
 -7- 

Exhibit 10.11 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a declaration or a request for declaration of the existence of a trust over any of the Plan s or BCBSA s property or business shall not in itself be deemed to constitute or seek appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for purposes of subparagraphs 15(a)(vii) and (viii) of this Agreement. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -7a- 

Exhibit 10.11 

(b). BCBSA, or the Plans (as provided and in addition to the rights conferred in Paragraph 10(b) above), may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice upon the occurrence of either of the following events (a) the Plan or BCBSA becomes insolvent (as that term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code enacted in the state of Illinois), or (b) any final judgment against the Plan or BCBSA remains unsatisfied or unbonded of record for a period of sixty (60) days or longer. 
 
 (c). If this License Agreement is terminated as to BCBSA for any reason stated in subparagraphs 15(a) and (b) above, the ownership of the Licensed Marks shall revert to each of the Plans as provided in the Ownership Agreement. 
 
 (d). Upon termination of this License Agreement or any Controlled Affiliate License Agreement of a Larger Controlled Affiliate, as defined in Exhibit 1 to this License Agreement, the following conditions shall apply, except that, in the event of a partial termination of this Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 15 (a)(x)(ii) of this Agreement, the notices, national account listing, payment and audit right listed below shall be applicable solely with respect to the geographic area for which the Plan s license to use the Licensed Names and Marks is terminated 
 
 (i) The terminated entity shall send a notice through the U.S. mails, with first class postage affixed, to all individual and group customers, providers, brokers and agents of products or services sold, marketed, underwritten or administered by the terminated entity or its Controlled Affiliates under the Licensed Marks and Name. The form and content of the notice shall be specified by BCBSA and shall, at a minimum, notify the recipient of the termination of the license, the consequences thereof, and instructions for obtaining alternate products or services licensed by BCBSA, subject to any conflicting state law and state regulatory requirements. This notice shall be mailed within 15 days after termination or, if termination is pursuant to paragraph 10(d) of this Agreement, within 15 days after the written notice to BCBSA described in paragraph 10(d). 
 
 (ii) The terminated entity shall deliver to BCBSA within five days of a request by BCBSA a listing of national accounts in which the terminated entity is involved (in a Control, Participating or Servicing capacity), identifying the national account and the terminated entity's role therein. For those accounts where the terminated entity is the Control Plan, the Plan must also indicate the Participating and Servicing Plans in the national account syndicate. 

-8- 
 
 Amended as of June 16, 2005 

Exhibit 10.11 

(iii) Unless the cause of termination is an event stated in paragraph 15(a) or (b) above respecting BCBSA, the Plan and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates shall be jointly liable for payment to BCBSA of an amount equal to the Re-Establishment Fee (described below) multiplied by the number of Licensed Enrollees of the terminated entity and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates provided that if any other Plan is permitted by BCBSA to use marks or names licensed by BCBSA in the Service Area established by this Agreement, the Re-Establishment Fee shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Licensed Enrollees of the terminated entity and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates and the denominator of which is the total number of Licensed Enrollees in the Service Area. The Re-Establishment Fee shall be indexed to a base fee of 80. The Re-Establishment Fee through December 31, 2005 shall be 80. The Re-Establishment Fee for calendar years after December 31, 2005 shall be adjusted on January 1 of each calendar year up to and including January 1, 2010 and shall be the base fee multiplied by 100 plus the cumulative percentage increase or decrease in the Plans gross administrative expense (standard BCBSA definition) per Licensed Enrollee since December 31, 2004. The adjustment shall end on January 1, 2011, at which time the Re-Establishment Fee shall be fixed at the then-current amount and no longer automatically adjusted. For example, if the Plans gross administrative expense per Licensed Enrollee was 278.60, 285.00 and 290.00 for calendar year end 2004, 2005 and 2006, respectively, the January 1, 2007 Re-Establishment Fee would be 83.27 (100 of the base fee plus 1.84 for calendar year 2005 and 1.43 for calendar year 2006). Licensed Enrollee means each and every person and covered dependent who is enrolled as an individual or member of a group receiving products or services sold, marketed or administered under marks or names licensed by BCBSA as determined at the earlier of (a) the end of the last fiscal year of the terminated entity which ended prior to termination or (b) the fiscal year which ended before any transactions causing the termination began. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount payable pursuant to this subparagraph (d)(iii) shall be due only to the extent that, in 
 
 Amended as of June 16, 2005 
 -8a- 

Exhibit 10.11 

BCBSA's opinion, it does not cause the net worth of the Plan to fall below 100 of the Health Risk-Based Capital formula or its equivalent under any successor formula, as set forth in the applicable financial responsibility standards established by BCBSA (provided such equivalent is approved for purposes of this sub paragraph by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans), measured as of the date of termination and adjusted for the value of any transactions not made in the ordinary course of business. This payment shall not be due in connection with transactions exclusively by or among Plan or their affiliates, including reorganizations, combinations or mergers, where the BCBSA Board of Directors determines that the license termination does not result in a material diminution in the number of Licensed Enrollees or the extent of their coverage. At least 50 of the Re Establishment Fee shall be awarded to the Plan (or Plans) that receive the new license(s) for the service area(s) at issue provided, however, that such award shall not become due or payable until all disputes, if any, regarding the amount of and BCBSA s right to such Re-Establishment Fee have been finally resolved and provided further that the award shall be based on the final amount actually received by BCBSA. The Board of Directors shall adopt a resolution which it may amend from time to time that shall govern BCBSA s use of its portion of the award. In the event that the terminated entity s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, BCBSA shall reimburse the Plan (and or its Licensed Controlled Affiliates, as the case may be) for payments made under this subparagraph only to the extent that such payments exceed the amounts due to BCBSA pursuant to subparagraph 15(d)(vi) and any costs associated with reestablishing the Service Area, including any payments made by BCBSA to a Plan or Plans (or their Licensed Controlled Affiliates) for purposes of replacing the terminated entity. 
 
 (iv) The terminated entity shall comply with all financial settlement procedures set forth in BCBSA s License Termination Contingency Plan, as amended from time to time and shall work diligently and in good faith with BCBSA, any Alternative Control Licensee or Replacement Licensee and any existing or potential 
 Amended as of June 16, 2005 
 -8b- 

Exhibit 10.11 

new account for Blue-branded products and services to minimize the disruption of termination, and honor, to the fullest extent possible, the desire of accounts to continue to receive or obtain Blue-branded products and services through a new Licensee Transition ). Such diligence and good faith on the part of the terminated entity shall include, but not be limited to (a) working cooperatively with BCBSA to protect the Names and Marks from potential harm (b) cooperating with BCBSA s use of the Names and Marks in the terminated entity s former service area during the termination and Transition (c) transmitting, upon the request of an existing Blue account or of BCBSA with consent and on behalf of an existing Blue account, all member and account-data relating to the Federal Employee Program to BCBSA, and all member and account data relating to other programs to an Alternative Control Licensee or Replacement Licensee (d) working with BCBSA and the Alternative Control or Replacement Licensee with respect to potential new Blue accounts headquartered in the terminated entity s former service area (e) continuing to service Blue accounts during the Transition (f) continuing to comply with National Programs, Federal Employee Program and NASCO policies and procedures and all voluntary BCBSA programs, policies and performance standards, such as Away From Home Care, including being responsible for payment of all penalties for non-compliance duly levied in conformity with the License Agreements, Membership Standards, or the Federal Employee Program agreements, that may arise during the Transition (g) maintaining and providing access to its provider networks, as defined by Federal Employee Program agreements and National Account Program Policies and Provisions, and Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions, and making those networks and discounts available to members and providers who participate in National Programs and the Federal Employee Program during the Transition (h) maintaining its technical connections and processing capabilities during the Transition and (i) working diligently to conclude all financial settlements and account reconciliations as negotiated in the termination transition agreement. 
 
 Amended as of November 16, 2006 
 -8c- 

Exhibit 10.11 

 (v) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, BCBSA shall have the right, with the approval of its Board of Directors, to assess additional fines against the terminated entity during the Transition in the event it fails to maintain and provide access to provider networks as defined by Federal Employee Program agreements, National Account Program Policies and Provisions, and Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions, and or pass on applicable discounts. Such fines shall be in addition to any other assessments, fees or liquidated damages payable herein, or under existing policies and programs and shall be imposed to make whole BCBSA and or the Plans. Terminated entity shall pay any such fines to BCBSA no later than 30 days after they are approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
 (vi) BCBSA shall have the right to examine and audit and or hire at terminated entity s expense a third-party auditor to examine and audit the books and records of the terminated entity and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates to verify compliance with the terms and requirements this paragraph 15(d). 
 
 (vii) Subsequent to termination of this Agreement, the terminated entity and its affiliates, agents, and employees shall have an ongoing and continuing obligation to protect all BCBSA and Blue Licensee data that was acquired or accessed during the period this Agreement was in force, including but not limited to all confidential processes, pricing, provider, discount and other strategic and competitively sensitive information Blue Information from disclosure, and shall not, either alone or with another entity, disclose such Blue Information or use it in any manner to compete without the express written permission of BCBSA. 
 
 (viii) As to a breach of 15 (d) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (vi), or (vii) the parties agree that the obligations are immediately enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. As to a breach of 15 (d) (i), (ii), (iv), (vi), or (vii) by the Plan, the parties agree there is no adequate remedy at law and BCBSA is entitled to obtain specific performance. 
 
 Amended as of November 16, 2006 
 
 -8d- 

Exhibit 10.11 

(ix) In the event that the terminated entity s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Plan and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates shall be jointly liable for reimbursing BCBSA the reasonable costs incurred by BCBSA in connection with the termination and the reinstatement or court action, and any associated legal proceedings, including but not limited to outside legal fees, consulting fees, public relations fees, advertising costs, and costs incurred to develop, lease or establish an interim provider network. Any amount due to BCBSA under this subparagraph may be waived in whole or in part by the BCBSA Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 
 
 (e). BCBSA shall be entitled to enjoin the Plan or any related party in a court of competent jurisdiction from entry into any transaction which would result in a termination of this License Agreement unless the License Agreement has been terminated pursuant to paragraph 10 (d) of this Agreement upon the required six (6) month written notice. 
 
 (f). BCBSA acknowledges that it is not the owner of assets of the Plan. 

Amended as of June 16, 2006 
 
 -8e- 

Exhibit 10.11 

16. This Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein, and contains all of the covenants and agreements of the parties as to the licensing of the Licensed Marks and Name. This Agreement may be amended only by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. 
 
 17. If any provision or any part of any provision of this Agreement is judicially declared unlawful, each and every other provision, or any part of any provision, shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding such judicial declaration. 
 
 18. No waiver by BCBSA or the Plan of any breach or default in performance on the part of BCBSA or the Plan or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 
 19a. All notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent in duplicate by regular mail to BCBSA or the Plan at the address currently published for each by BCBSA and shall be marked respectively to the attention of the President and, if any, the General Counsel, of BCBSA or the Plan. 
 
 19b. Except as provided in paragraphs 9(b), 9(d)(iii), 15(a), and 15(b) above, this Agreement may be terminated for a breach only upon at least 30 days written notice to the Plan advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Plan an opportunity to be heard and to present its response to the Member Plans. 
 
 19c. For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 
 -8f- 
 
 Amended as of June 16, 2006 
 (The next page is page 9) 

Exhibit 10.11 

20. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to constitute the parties hereto as partners or joint venturers, or either as the agent of the other, and Plan shall have no right to bind or obligate BCBSA in any way, nor shall it represent that it has any right to do so. BCBSA shall have no liability to third parties with respect to any aspect of the business, activities, operations, products, or services of the Plan. 
 
 21. This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed, effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 
 By____________________________________ 
 
 Title___________________________________ 
 
 Date__________________________________ 

PLAN 
 
 By____________________________________ 
 
 Title___________________________________ 
 
 Date___________________________________ 

-9- 

Exhibit 10.11 

 EXHIBIT 1 
 
 BLUE CROSS 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 Includes revisions adopted by Member Plans through their June 16, 2022 meeting 
 
 This Agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and________( Controlled Affiliate ), a Controlled Affiliate of the Blue Cross Plan, known as _________ Plan or Sponsoring Plan ), which is also a Party signatory hereto. 
 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks 
 
 WHEREAS, Plan and Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks as service marks and be entitled to use the term BLUE CROSS in a trade name Licensed Name 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to Controlled Affiliate the right to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with, and only in connection with (i) health care plans and related services, as defined in BCBSA's License Agreement with Plan, and administering the non-health portion of workers compensation insurance, and (ii) underwriting the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance, provided that Controlled Affiliate s total premium revenue comprises less than 15 percent of the Sponsoring Plan s net subscription revenue. 
 
 This grant of rights is non-exclusive and is limited to the Service Area served by the Plan Subject to paragraph 3A(3) of this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its legal name on the following conditions (i) the legal name must be approved in advance, in writing, by BCBSA (ii) Controlled Affiliate shall not do business outside the Service Area under any name or mark and (iii) Controlled Affiliate shall not use the Licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of any name or symbol used to identify itself in any securities market, unless such Controlled Affiliate is a not-for-profit company which may use the Licensed Marks and Name, or an approved derivative therefor, to identify itself in debt securities markets. Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its Trade Name only with the prior, written, consent of BCBSA. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 1 

Exhibit 10.11 

2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 A. Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks and Name only in connection with the licensed services and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in attached Exhibit A as they may be amended by BCBSA from time-to-time. 
 B. Controlled Affiliate agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local 
 laws. 
 C. Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often 
 if reasonably required by Plan or by BCBSA) a report or reports to Plan and BCBSA demonstrating Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of this paragraph and the attached Exhibit A. 
 D. Controlled Affiliate agrees that Plan and or BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 E. As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that the Sponsoring Plan has 
 (1) The legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 50 voting control thereof and 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur and 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate at least equal to that exercised by persons or entities (jointly or individually) other than the Sponsoring Plan and 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by the Sponsoring Plan before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates 
 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 
 2 

Exhibit 10.11 

 (iv) create, or become liable for by way of guarantee, any indebtedness, other than indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business 
 (v) sell any assets, except for sales in the ordinary course of business or sales of equipment no longer useful or being replaced 
 
 (vi) make any loans or advances except in the ordinary course of business 
 
 (vii) enter into any arrangement or agreement with any 
 party directly or indirectly affiliated with any of the owners or persons or entities with the authority to select or appoint members or board members of the Controlled Affiliate, other than the Sponsoring Plan or other Plans (excluding owners of stock holdings of under 5 in a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate) 
 
 (viii) conduct any business other than under the Licensed Marks and Name 
 
 (ix) take any action that the Sponsoring Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries shall own at least 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, provided that in instances where the Sponsoring Plan formed a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee and such publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee owns and controls other Controlled Affiliate Licensees, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly shall own and control at least 50 of any Controlled Affiliate that is indirectly owned and controlled by the publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee. 
 Or 
 
 (2) the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having more than 50 voting control thereof and 
 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur and 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 3 

Exhibit 10.11 

 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own more than 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, provided that in instances where the Sponsoring Plan formed a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee and such publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee owns and controls other Controlled Affiliate Licensees, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly shall own and control more than 50 of any Controlled Affiliate that is indirectly owned and controlled by the publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee. 
 Or 
 (3) With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 controlled by Plans including the Sponsoring Plan and which offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and services, the Sponsoring Plan has the legal authority together with such other Plans 
 
 (a) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body and 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall own 100 of any for-profit 
 Controlled Affiliate with the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans each having an ownership interest. Such control and ownership by Plans must be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall execute a separate Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B-1 for each product noted in Paragraph 2E(3) that is licensed to use the Marks. 
 Or 
 (4) With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 controlled by a Sponsoring Plan which on a Blue-branded basis, only offers a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product, the Sponsoring Plan has the legal authority 
 
 (a) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body and 
 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 

Amended June 20, 2019 
 4 

Exhibit 10.11 

 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. Such 100 control and ownership by Sponsoring Plan must be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Participating Plan as defined in Exhibit B-2 and the Sponsoring Plan shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B-2. 
 
 Or 
 
 (5) With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that operates as a clinic, absent an alternative method of control approved in writing by BCBSA, the Sponsoring Plan shall have bona fide operational control over the Controlled Affiliate as specified in Exhibit A, Standard 1(E) and the Guidelines to Administer Standard 1(E). In addition, if the clinic is for-profit, the Sponsoring Plan shall own at least 50 of the Controlled Affiliate and prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur. 
 
 3. FOR-PROFIT, PUBLICLY TRADED LICENSEES 
 
 A. The Controlled Affiliate may operate as a for-profit publicly traded company on the following conditions 
 (1) The Controlled Affiliate shall discharge all responsibilities which it has to the Association and to other Plans by virtue of this Agreement. 
 (2) The Controlled Affiliate shall provide 90 days advance written notice to BCBSA prior to the initial filing with the SEC. 
 
 (3) The Controlled Affiliate shall not use the Licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of its legal name or any symbol used to identify the Controlled Affiliate in any securities market. The Controlled Affiliate shall use the Licensed Marks and Name as part of its trade name within its service area for the sale, marketing and administration of health care and related services in the service area. 
 
 (4) The Controlled Affiliate s license to use the Licensed Marks and Name shall automatically terminate effective (a) thirty days after the Controlled Affiliate knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Institutional Investor, has become the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 10 or more of the voting power of the Controlled Affiliate Excess Institutional Voter ), unless such Excess Institutional Voter shall cease to be an Excess Institutional Voter prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (b) thirty days after the Controlled Affiliate knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Noninstitutional Investor, other than a Plan or Plans or Controlled Affiliate Licensee or Licensees has become the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 5 or more of the voting power of the Controlled Affiliate Excess Noninstitutional Voter unless such Excess Noninstitutional Voter shall cease to be an Excess Noninstitutional Voter prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (c) thirty days after the Controlled Affiliate knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Person has become the Beneficial Owner, other than a 
 
 Amended as of June 20, 2019 
 5 

Exhibit 10.11 

Plan or Plans or Controlled Affiliate Licensee or Licensees, of 20 or more of the Controlled Affiliate s then outstanding common stock or other equity securities which (either by themselves or in combination) represent an ownership interest of 20 or more pursuant to determinations made under paragraph 3A(4) below Excess Owner ), unless such Excess Owner shall cease to be an Excess Owner prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (d) ten business days after individuals who at the time the Controlled Affiliate went public constituted the Board of Directors of the Controlled Affiliate (together with any new directors whose election to the Board was approved by a vote of 2 3 of the directors then still in office who were directors at the time the Controlled Affiliate went public or whose election or nomination was previously so approved) (the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors or (e) ten business days after the Controlled Affiliate consolidates with or merges with or into any person or conveys, assigns, transfers or sells all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than a merger in which the Sponsoring Plan is the surviving entity and immediately after which merger, no person is an Excess Institutional Voter, an Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner provided that, if requested by the affected Controlled Affiliate in a writing received by BCBSA prior to such automatic termination becoming effective, the provisions of this paragraph 3A(4) may be waived, in whole or in part, upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Plans and majority of the total then current weighted vote of the disinterested Plans. Any waiver so granted may be conditioned upon such additional requirements (including but not limited to imposing new and independent grounds for termination of this License) as shall be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Plans and a majority of the total then current weighted vote of the disinterested Plans. If a timely waiver request is received, no automatic termination shall become effective until the later of (1) the conclusion of the applicable time period specified in paragraphs 3A(4) (a)-(d) above, or (2) the conclusion of the first Member Plan meeting after receipt of such a waiver request. 
 
 In the event that the Controlled Affiliate s license, or any other license, to use the Licensed Marks and Name is terminated pursuant to Paragraph 3A(4), the license may be reinstated in BCBSA s sole discretion if, within 30 days of the date of such termination, the Controlled Affiliate demonstrates that the Person referred to in clause (a), (b), or (c) of the preceding paragraph is no longer an Excess Institutional Voter, an Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner. 
 
 (5) The Controlled Affiliate shall not issue any class or series of security other than 
 (i) shares of common stock having identical terms or options or derivatives of such common stock, (ii) non-voting, non-convertible debt securities or (iii) such other securities as the Controlled Affiliate may approve, provided that BCBSA receives notice at least thirty days prior to the issuance of such securities, including a gdescription of the terms for such securities, and BCBSA shall have the authority to determine how such other securities will be counted in determining whether any Person is an Excess Institutional Voter, Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner. 
 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 6 

Exhibit 10.11 

(6) For purposes of paragraph 3A(4) above, the following definitions shall apply 
 
 (i) Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect on November 17, 1993 (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 (ii) A Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of and shall be deemed to beneficially own any securities 
 
 (1) which such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly 
 
 (2) which such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates has 
 (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report) or 
 
 (3) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which such Person (or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities) relating to the acquisition, holding, voting (except to the extent contemplated by the proviso to (ii)2(B) above) or disposing of any securities of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial Ownership to the contrary, the phrase then outstanding, when used with reference to a Person s Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Controlled Affiliate, shall mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together with the number of such securities not then actually issued and outstanding which such Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 7 

Exhibit 10.11 

(iii) A Person shall be deemed an Institutional Investor if (but only if) such Person (i) is an entity or group identified in the SEC s Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii) as constituted on June 1, 1997, and (ii) every filing made by such Person with the SEC under Regulation 13D-G (or any successor Regulation) with respect to such Person s Beneficial Ownership of Plan securities shall have contained a certification identical to the one required by item 10 of SEC Schedule 13G as constituted on June 1, 1997. 
 
 (iv) Noninstitutional Investor means any Person who is not an Institutional Investor. 
 
 (v) Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, trust, association, joint venture or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 
 
 4. SERVICE MARK USE 
 
 A. Controlled Affiliate recognizes the importance of a comprehensive national network of independent BCBSA licensees which are committed to strengthening the Licensed 
 Marks and Name. The Controlled Affiliate further recognizes that its actions within its Service Area may affect the value of the Licensed Marks and Name nationwide. 
 
 B. Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including but not limited to use of such symbols or words as BCBSA shall specify to protect the Licensed Marks and Name and shall comply with such rules (generally applicable to Controlled Affiliates licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name) relative to service mark use, as are issued from time-to-time by BCBSA. Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks and Name by Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 
 C. Controlled Affiliate may not directly or indirectly use the Licensed Marks and Name in a manner that transfers or is intended to transfer in the Service Area the goodwill associated therewith to another mark or name, nor may Controlled Affiliate engage in activity that may dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 D. If Controlled Affiliate meets the standards of 2E(1) but not 2E(2) above and any of Controlled Affiliate's advertising or promotional material is reasonably determined by BCBSA and or the Plan to be in contravention of rules and regulations governing the use of the Licensed Marks and Name, Controlled Affiliate shall for ninety (90) days thereafter obtain prior approval from BCBSA of advertising and promotional efforts using the Licensed Marks and Name, approval or disapproval thereof to be forthcoming within five (5) business days of receipt of same by BCBSA or its designee. In all advertising and promotional efforts, Controlled Affiliate shall observe the Service Area limitations applicable to Plan. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 8 

Exhibit 10.11 

E. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan s License Agreement with BCBSA or in this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 5. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall not, directly or indirectly, sublicense, transfer, hypothecate, sell, encumber or mortgage, by operation of law or otherwise, the rights granted hereunder and any such act shall be voidable at the sole option of Plan or BCBSA. This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 6. INFRINGEMENT 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify Plan and Plan shall promptly notify BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off that may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks and Name. Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require Plan or BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to Plan and BCBSA, without charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks and Name by BCBSA. 
 
 7. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Controlled Affiliate and Plan hereby agree to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description (except those arising solely as a result of BCBSA's negligence) that may arise as a result of or related to (i) Controlled Affiliate's rendering of services under the Licensed Marks and Name or (ii) the activities of any hospital, medical group, clinic or other provider of health services that is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by Plan or Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 8. LICENSE TERM 
 
 A. Except as otherwise provided herein, the license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods unless terminated pursuant to the provisions herein. 
 
 B. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that (i) the Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks and Name or (ii) pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x) of the Blue Cross License Agreement the Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Names and Marks in the geographic area served by the Controlled Affiliate provided, however, that if the Controlled Affiliate is serving more than one State or portions thereof, the termination of this Agreement shall be limited to the State(s) or portions thereof in 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 9 

Exhibit 10.11 

which the Plan s license to use the Licensed Marks and Names is terminated. By not appealing or challenging such regulatory action within the time prescribed by law or regulation, and in any event no later than 120 days after such action is taken, a Plan shall be deemed to have exhausted its rights to appeal or challenge, and automatic termination shall proceed. 
 
 C. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be forthwith terminated by the Plan or the affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors of BCBSA present and voting at a special meeting expressly called by BCBSA for the purpose on ten (10) days written notice to the Plan advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Plan an opportunity to be heard and to present its response to the Board for (1) failure to comply with any applicable minimum capital or liquidity requirement under the quality control standards of this Agreement or (2) failure to comply with the Organization and Governance quality control standard of this Agreement or (3) impending financial insolvency or (4) for a Smaller Controlled Affiliate (as defined in Exhibit A), failure to comply with any of the applicable requirements of Standards 2, 3, 4, 5 or 7 of attached Exhibit A or (5) the pendency of any action instituted against the Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business or seeking the declaration or establishment of a trust for any of its property or business, unless this Controlled Affiliate License Agreement has been earlier terminated under paragraph 8(E) or (6) failure by a Controlled Affiliate that meets the standards of 2E(1) but not 2E(2) above to obtain BCBSA's written consent to a change in the identity of any owner, in the extent of ownership, or in the identity of any person or entity with the authority to select or appoint members or board members, provided that as to publicly traded Controlled Affiliates this provision shall apply only if the change affects a person or entity that owns at least 5 of the Controlled Affiliate's stock before or after the change or (7) such other reason as is determined in good faith immediately and irreparably to threaten the integrity and reputation of BCBSA, the Plans, any other licensee including Controlled Affiliate and or the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 D. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 8(B), 8(C) or 8(E) herein, should Controlled Affiliate fail to comply with the provisions of this Agreement and not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period) BCBSA or the Plan shall have the right to issue a notice that the Controlled Affiliate is in a state of noncompliance. If a state of noncompliance as aforesaid is undisputed by the Controlled Affiliate or is found to exist by a mandatory dispute resolution panel and is uncured as provided above, BCBSA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of the Agreement or to issue a notice of termination thereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, any disputes as to the termination of this License pursuant to Paragraphs 8(B), 8(C) or 8(E) of this Agreement shall not be subject to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. All other disputes between BCBSA, the Plan and or Controlled Affiliate shall be submitted promptly to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. The mandatory dispute resolution panel shall have authority to issue orders for 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 10 

Exhibit 10.11 

specific performance and assess monetary penalties. Except, however, as provided in Paragraphs 8(B) and 8(E) of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed 
 Marks and Name may not be finally terminated for any reason without the affirmative vote of a majority of the present and voting members of the Board of Directors of BCBSA. 
 
 E. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate s rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with item 2(E) above 
 
 (2) Appropriate dues, royalties and other payments for Controlled Affiliate pursuant to paragraph 10 hereof, which are the royalties for this License Agreement, are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA or 
 
 (3) Any of the following events occur (i) a voluntary petition shall be filed by Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief, or (ii) an involuntary petition or proceeding shall be filed against Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief and such petition or proceeding is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of the date upon which the petition or other document commencing the proceeding is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, or (iii) an order for relief is entered against Controlled Affiliate in any case under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, or Controlled Affiliate is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent as those terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the State of Illinois by any court of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) Controlled Affiliate makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (v) any government or any government official, office, agency, branch, or unit assumes control of Controlled Affiliate or delinquency proceedings (voluntary or involuntary) are instituted, or (vi) an action is brought by Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business, or (vii) an action is instituted by any governmental entity or officer against Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business and such action is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within one hundred thirty (130) days of the date upon which the pleading or other document commencing the action is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, provided that if the action is stayed or its prosecution is enjoined, the one hundred thirty (130) day period is tolled for the duration of the stay or injunction, and provided further, that the Association s Board of Directors may toll or extend the 130 day period at any time prior to its expiration, or (viii) a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of Controlled Affiliate's property or business is appointed or the Controlled Affiliate is ordered dissolved or liquidated. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a declaration or a request for declaration of the existence of a trust over any of the Controlled Affiliate s property or business shall not in itself be 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 11 

Exhibit 10.11 

deemed to constitute or seek appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for purposes of subparagraphs 8(E)(3)(vii) and (viii) of this Agreement. 
 
 (4) The for-profit, publicly traded Controlled Affiliate is terminated pursuant to Paragraph 3A(4) of this Agreement. In which case, the licenses of any Controlled Affiliates directly or indirectly owned by the terminated for-profit, publicly traded Controlled Affiliate also shall immediately terminate as provided for in paragraph 3A(4) of this Agreement. 
 
 F. Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including any use in its trade name. 
 
 G. Upon termination of this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and, if directed by the Association s Board of Directors, shall provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by BCBSA. The BCBSA shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 
 H. In the event this Agreement terminates pursuant to 8(B) hereof, or in the event the Controlled Affiliate is a Larger Controlled Affiliate (as defined in Exhibit A), upon termination of this Agreement, the provisions of Paragraph 8.G. shall not apply and the following provisions shall apply, except that, in the event of a partial termination of this Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 8(B)(ii) of this Agreement, the notices, national account listing, payment, and audit right listed below shall be applicable solely with respect to the geographic area for which the Plan s license to use the Licensed Names and Marks is terminated. 
 
 (1) The Controlled Affiliate shall send a notice through the U.S. mails, with first class postage affixed, to all individual and group customers, providers, brokers and agents of products or services sold, marketed, underwritten or administered by the Controlled Affiliate under the Licensed Marks and Name. The form and content of the notice shall be specified by BCBSA and shall, at a minimum, notify the recipient of the termination of the license, the consequences thereof, and instructions for obtaining alternate products or services licensed by BCBSA, subject to any conflicting state law and state regulatory requirements. This notice shall be mailed within 15 days after termination. 
 
 (2) The Controlled Affiliate shall deliver to BCBSA within five days of a request by BCBSA a listing of national accounts in which the Controlled Affiliate is involved (in a control, participating or servicing capacity), identifying the national account and the Controlled Affiliate s role therein. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 12 

Exhibit 10.11 

(3) Unless the cause of termination is an event respecting BCBSA stated in paragraph 15(a) or (b) of the Plan s license agreement with BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name, the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Plan shall be jointly liable for payment to BCBSA of an amount equal to the Re-Establishment Fee (described below) multiplied by the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate provided that if any other Plan is permitted by BCBSA to use marks or names licensed by BCBSA in the Service Area established by this Agreement, the Re- Establishment Fee shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates and the denominator of which is the total number of Licensed Enrollees in the Service Area. 
 
 The Re-Establishment Fee shall be indexed to a base fee of 80. The Re-Establishment Fee through December 31, 2005 shall be 80. The Re-establishment Fee for calendar years after December 31, 2005 shall be adjusted on January 1 of each calendar year up to and including January 1, 2010 and shall be the base fee multiplied by 100 plus the cumulative percentage increase or decrease in the Plans gross administrative expense (standard BCBSA definition) per Licensed Enrollee since December 31, 2004. The adjustment shall end on January 1, 2011, at which time the Re-Establishment Fee shall be fixed at the then- current amount and no longer automatically adjusted. For example, if the Plans gross administrative expense per Licensed Enrollee was 278.60, 285.00 and 290.00 for calendar year end 2004, 2005 and 2006, respectively, the January 1, 2007 Re-Establishment Fee would be 83.27 (100 of base fee plus 1.84 for calendar year 2005 and 1.43 for calendar year 2006). Licensed Enrollee means each and every person and covered dependent who is enrolled as an individual or member of a group receiving products or services sold, marketed or administered under marks or names licensed by BCBSA as determined at the earlier of (i) the end of the last fiscal year of the terminated entity which ended prior to termination or (ii) the fiscal year which ended before any transactions causing the termination began. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount payable pursuant to this subparagraph H. (3) shall be due only to the extent that, in BCBSA s opinion, it does not cause the net worth of the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan or any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Plan to fall below 100 of the Health Risk-Based Capital formula, or its equivalent under any successor formula, as set forth in the applicable financial responsibility standards established by BCBSA (provided such equivalent is approved for purposes of this sub paragraph by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans) measured as of the date of termination, and adjusted for the value of any transactions not made in the ordinary course of business. This payment shall not be due in connection with transactions exclusively by or among Plans or their affiliates, including reorganizations, combinations or mergers, where the BCBSA Board of Directors determines that the license termination does not result in a material diminution in the number of Licensed Enrollees or the extent of their coverage. At least 50 of the Re- Establishment Fee shall be awarded to the Plan (or Plans) that receive the new license(s) for the service area(s) at issue provided, however, that such award shall not become due or payable until all disputes, if any, regarding the amount of and BCBSA s right to such Re- Establishment Fee have been finally resolved and provided further that the award shall be 
 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 13 

Exhibit 10.11 

based on the final amount actually received by BCBSA. The Board of Directors shall adopt a resolution which it may amend from time to time that shall govern BCBSA s use of its portion of the award. In the event that the Controlled Affiliate s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, BCBSA shall reimburse the Controlled Affiliate (and or the Plan or its other Licensed Controlled Affiliates, as the case may be) for payments made under this subparagraph 8.H.(3) only to the extent that such payments exceed the amounts due to BCBSA pursuant to paragraph 8.M. and any costs associated with reestablishing the Service Area, including payments made by BCBSA to a Plan or Plans (or their Licensed Controlled Affiliates) for purposes of replacing the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 (4) BCBSA shall have the right to examine and audit and or hire at 
 terminated entity s expense a third party auditor to examine and audit the books and records of the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Plan to verify compliance with this paragraph 8.H. 
 
 (5) Subsequent to termination of this Agreement, the terminated entity 
 and its affiliates, agents, and employees shall have an ongoing and continuing obligation to protect all BCBSA and Blue Licensee data that was acquired or accessed during the period this Agreement was in force, including but not limited to all confidential processes, pricing, provider, discount and other strategic and competitively sensitive information Blue Information from disclosure, and shall not, either alone or with another entity, disclose such Blue Information or use it in any manner to compete without the express written permission of BCBSA. 
 
 (6) As to a breach of 8.H.(1), (2), (3), (4) or (5) the parties agree that 
 the obligations are immediately enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. As to a breach of 8.H.(1), (2) or (4) by the Controlled Affiliate, the parties agree there is no adequate remedy at law and BCBSA is entitled to obtain specific performance. 
 
 I. This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Controlled Affiliate or the Plan upon not less than eighteen (18) months written notice to the Association or upon a shorter notice period approved by BCBSA in writing at its sole discretion, or until terminated as otherwise provided herein. The Plan s right to terminate without cause upon such notice is unfettered and may be exercised in the Plan s sole discretion. 
 
 J. In the event the Controlled Affiliate is a Smaller Controlled Affiliate (as defined in Exhibit A), the Controlled Affiliate agrees to be jointly liable for the amount described in 
 H.3. and M. hereof upon termination of the BCBSA license agreement of any Larger Controlled Affiliate of the Plan. 
 
 K. BCBSA shall be entitled to enjoin the Controlled Affiliate or any related party in a court of competent jurisdiction from entry into any transaction which would result in a termination of this Agreement unless the Plan s license from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Names has been terminated pursuant to 10(d) of the Plan s license agreement upon the required 18 months written notice. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 14 

Exhibit 10.11 

L. BCBSA acknowledges that it is not the owner of assets of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 M. In the event that the Plan has more than 50 percent voting control of the Controlled Affiliate under Paragraph 2(E)(2) above and is a Larger Controlled Affiliate (as defined in Exhibit A), then the vote called for in Paragraphs 8(C) and 8(D) above shall require the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans. 
 N. In the event this Agreement terminates and is subsequently reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Plan shall be jointly liable for reimbursing BCBSA the reasonable costs incurred by BCBSA in connection with the termination and the reinstatement or court action, and any associated legal proceedings, including but not limited to outside legal fees, consulting fees, public relations fees, advertising costs, and costs incurred to develop, lease or establish an interim provider network. Any amount due to BCBSA under this subparagraph may be waived in whole or in part by the BCBSA Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 
 
 9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
 The parties agree that any disputes between them or between or among either of them and one or more Plans or Controlled Affiliates of Plans that use in any manner the Blue Cross and Blue Cross Marks and Name are subject to the Mediation and Mandatory Dispute Resolution process attached to and made a part of Plan's License from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name as Exhibit 5 as amended from time-to-time, which documents are incorporated herein by reference as though fully set forth herein. 
 
 10. LICENSE FEE 
 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this License determined pursuant to the formula(s) set forth in Exhibit C. 
 
 11. JOINT VENTURE 
 
 Nothing contained in the Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between Plan and Controlled Affiliate or between either and BCBSA. 
 
 12. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 15 

Exhibit 10.11 

13. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. 
 
 14. SEVERABILITY 
 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such findings shall in no way affect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 
 15. NONWAIVER 
 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 
 15A. VOTING 
 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 16 

Exhibit 10.11 

THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY BLANK. 

Exhibit 10.11 

16. GOVERNING LAW 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 
 17. HEADINGS 
 
 The headings inserted in this agreement are for convenience only and shall have no bearing on the interpretation hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed and effective as of the date of last signature written below. 

Controlled Affiliate 
 
 By ______________________________________ 
 
 Date _____________________________________ 

Plan 
 
 By _______________________________________ 
 
 Date _____________________________________ 

BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 
 By _______________________________________ 
 
 Date _____________________________________ 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

17 

Exhibit 10.11 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS 
 June 2022 
 PREAMBLE 

For purposes of definition 
 
 A smaller Controlled Affiliate (1) comprises less than fifteen percent (15 of Sponsoring Plan's and its licensed Controlled Affiliates' total member enrollment (as reported on the BCBSA Quarterly Enrollment Report, excluding rider and freestanding coverage, and treating an entity seeking licensure as licensed) or (2) underwrites the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance and has total premium revenue less than 15 percent of the Sponsoring Plan s net subscription revenue. 
 
 A larger Controlled Affiliate comprises fifteen percent (15 or more of Sponsoring Plan's and its licensed Controlled Affiliates' total member enrollment (as reported on the BCBSA Quarterly Enrollment Report, excluding rider and freestanding coverage, and treating an entity seeking licensure as licensed.) 
 
 Changes in Controlled Affiliate status 
 
 If any Controlled Affiliate's status changes regarding its Plan ownership level, its risk acceptance or direct delivery of medical care, the Controlled Affiliate shall notify BCBSA within thirty (30) days of such occurrence in writing and come into compliance with the applicable standards within six (6) months. 
 
 If a smaller Controlled Affiliate s health and workers compensation administration business reaches or surpasses fifteen percent (15 of the total member enrollment of the Sponsoring Plan and licensed Controlled Affiliates, the Controlled Affiliate shall 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 

18 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 1. Within thirty (30) days, notify BCBSA of this fact in writing, including evidence that the Controlled Affiliate meets the minimum liquidity and capital (BCBSA Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) as defined by the NAIC and state-established minimum reserve) requirements of the larger Controlled Affiliate Financial Responsibility standard and 
 
 2. Within six (6) months after reaching or surpassing the fifteen percent (15 threshold, demonstrate compliance with all license requirements for a larger Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 If a Controlled Affiliate that underwrites the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance receives a change in rating or proposed change in rating, the Controlled Affiliate shall notify BCBSA within 30 days of notification by the external rating agency. 

For purposes of this calculation, The numerator equals 
 Applicant Controlled Affiliate's member enrollment, as defined in BCBSA's Quarterly Enrollment Report (excluding rider and freestanding coverage). 
 
 The denominator equals 
 
 Numerator PLUS Sponsoring Plan and all other licensed Controlled Affiliates' member enrollment, as reported in BCBSA's Quarterly Enrollment Report (excluding rider and freestanding coverage). 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 

19 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 STANDARDS FOR LICENSED CONTROLLED AFFILIATES 
 Each licensed controlled affiliate shall be subject to certain standards as determined below 
 
 1. What percent of the licensed controlled affiliate is controlled by the Sponsoring Plan and other Plans 
 More than 50 by Sponsoring Plan 

Standard 1A, 4 
 50 by Sponsoring Plan 

Standard 1B, 4 
 100 Plan control but less than 50 Sponsoring Plan Control and it offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and services 

100 Sponsoring Plan control and on a Blue- branded basis, it only offers a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product 

Standard 1D, 4 
 At least 50 by Sponsoring Plan or operational Control by Sponsoring Plan and it solely operates as a Clinic as defined in Standard 1E. 

Standard 1E, 4 

IN ADDITION, 
 2. Is risk being assumed 
 Yes 

No 

Controlled Affiliate underwrites any indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 
 
 Standards 7A-7E, 11 
 
 Controlled Affiliate comprises 15 of total member enrollment of Sponsoring Plan and its licensed affiliates, and does not underwrite the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 

Standard 2 
 (Guidelines 1.1,1.2) 
 and Standard 11 
 
 Controlled Affiliate comprises 15 of total member enrollment of Sponsoring Plan and its licensed affiliates, and does not underwrite the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 

Standard 6H 
 
 Controlled Affiliate comprises 15 of total member enrollment of Sponsoring Plan and its licensed affiliates 

Standard 2 
 (Guidelines 1.1,1.3) 
 and Standard 11 
 
 Controlled Affiliate comprises 15 of total member enrollment of Sponsoring Plan and its licensed affiliates 

Standard 6H 

IN ADDITION, 
 
 3. Is medical care being directly provided as a staff model HMO 
 Yes 

Standard 3A 
 No 

Standard 
 3B 

Amended June 20, 2019 

20 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 STANDARDS FOR LICENSED CONTROLLED AFFILIATES 
 Each licensed controlled affiliate shall be subject to certain standards as determined below 
 
 IN ADDITION, 
 4. Is the licensed controlled affiliate operating as a Clinic as defined in Standard 1(E 
 Yes 

Standard 3C and Standard 2, 1.4 (if organized as a health plan that also operates as a Clinic) 

5. If the controlled affiliate has health or workers compensation administration business, does such business comprise 15 or more of the total member enrollment of Plan and its licensed Controlled Affiliates 
 
 Yes 

No 

Standards 6A-6J 
 
 Controlled Affiliate is not a former 
 primary licensee and is not subject to Standard 1(C) 

Standards 5,8,9B,10,11 
 
 Controlled Affiliate is a former primary licensee 

Standards 5,8,9A,10,11 
 
 Controlled Affiliate is not a former primary licensee and is subject to Standard 1(C) 

Standards 5,8,9B,11 

Amended June 20, 2019 
 
 21 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 

Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 1A.) The Standard for more than 50 Plan control is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized and operated in such a manner that a Plan authorized to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate pursuant to the separate Primary License Agreement with BCBSA , has the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 1) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having more than 50 voting control thereof and 2) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur and 3) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own more than 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 1B.) The Standard for 50 Plan control is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized and operated in such a manner that a Plan authorized to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate pursuant to the separate Primary License Agreement with BCBSA has the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 
 1) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 50 voting control thereof and 
 
 2) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur and 
 
 3) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate at least equal to that exercised by persons or entities (jointly or individually) other than the Sponsoring Plan. 
 
 Amended as of September 19, 2014 

22 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 1) through 3) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by Sponsoring Plan before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 
 o change the geographic area in which it operates 
 
 o change its legal and or trade names 
 
 o change any of the types of businesses in which it engages 
 
 o create, or become liable for by way of guarantee, any indebtedness, other than indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business 
 
 o sell any assets, except for sales in the ordinary course of business or sales of equipment no longer useful or being replaced 
 
 o make any loans or advances except in the ordinary course of business 
 
 o enter into any arrangement or agreement with any party directly or indirectly affiliated with any of the owners or persons or entities with the authority to select or appoint members or board members of the Controlled Affiliate, other than the Sponsoring Plan or other Plans (excluding owners of stock holdings of under 5 in a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate) 
 
 o conduct any business other than under the Licensed Marks and Name 
 
 o take any action that the Sponsoring Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own at least 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 1C.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and service and has 100 Plan control but less than 50 Sponsoring Plan Control is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized and operated in such a manner that (i) it offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and services and (ii) a Plan authorized to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate pursuant to the separate Primary License Agreement with BCBSA has the legal authority together with Other Plans 
 Amended September 19, 2014 
 
 23 

Exhibit 10.11 

1) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body and 
 2) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 3) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, with the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans each having an ownership interest. Such 100 control and ownership by Plans shall be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License. 
 
 1D.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that on a Blue-branded basis only offers a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product and has 100 Plan control is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized and operated in such a manner that (i) on a Blue-branded basis, it only offers a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product and (ii) the Sponsoring Plan has the legal authority 
 1) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate's governing body and 
 2) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 3) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. Such 100 control and ownership by Sponsoring Plan must be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. 
 
 Further, the Sponsoring Plan and Participating Plan shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License. 
 
 1E.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that operates as a Clinic and the Sponsoring Plan has control of the Clinic is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized in such a manner that it operates as a Clinic and the Sponsoring Plan exercises operation control over the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 In addition, if the Clinic is for-profit, the Sponsoring Plan shall own at least 50 of the Controlled Affiliate and prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate. 

Amended June 20, 2019 
 
 24 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 

Standard 2 Financial Responsibility 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. If a risk- assuming Controlled Affiliate ceases operations for any reason, Blue Cross and or Blue Cross Plan coverage will be offered to all Controlled Affiliate subscribers without exclusions, limitations or conditions based on health status. If a nonrisk-assuming Controlled Affiliate ceases operations for any reason, Sponsoring Plan will provide for services to its customers. The requirements of the preceding two sentences shall apply to all lines of business unless a line of business is specially exempted from the requirement(s) by the BCBSA Board of Directors. 
 
 Standard 3 State Licensure Certification 
 
 3A.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that employs, owns or contracts on a substantially exclusive basis for medical services is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain unimpaired licensure or certification for its medical care providers to operate under applicable state laws. 

3B.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that does not employ, own or contract on a substantially exclusive basis for medical services is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain unimpaired licensure or certification to operate under applicable state laws. 
 
 3C.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that operates as a Clinic as defined in Standard 1(E) is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain appropriate and unimpaired licensure and certifications. 
 
 Standard 4 Certain Disclosures 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall make adequate disclosure in contracting with third parties and in disseminating public statements of 1) the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield System and 2) the independent nature of every licensee and 3) the Controlled Affiliate's financial condition. 

Amended as of June 20, 2019 

25 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Standard 5 Reports and Records for Certain Smaller Controlled Affiliates 
 
 For a smaller Controlled Affiliate that does not underwrite the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance, the Standard is 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate and or its Sponsoring licensed Plan shall furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, reports and records relating to these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 Standard 6 Other Standards for Larger Controlled Affiliates Standards 6(A) (I) that follow apply to larger Controlled Affiliates. Standard 6(A) Board of Directors 
 A Controlled Affiliate Governing Board shall act in the interest of its Corporation in providing cost-effective health care services to its customers. A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain a governing Board, which shall control the Controlled Affiliate, composed of a majority of persons other than providers of health care services, who shall be known as public members. A public member shall not be an employee of or have a financial interest in a health care provider, nor be a member of a profession which provides health care services. 
 
 Standard 6(B) Responsiveness to Customers 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner responsive to customer needs and requirements. 
 
 Standard 6(C) Participation in National Programs 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall effectively and efficiently participate in each national program as from time to time may be adopted by the Member Plans for the purposes of providing portability of membership between the licensees and ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the Controlled Affiliate's Service Area. 
 
 Amended as of September 19, 2014 

26 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Standard 6(C) Participation in National Programs (continued) 
 
 Such programs are applicable to licensees, and include 

1. BlueCard Program 
 2. Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS) 
 3. National Account Programs 
 4. Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees, effective April 14, 2003 and 
 5. Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program. 
 
 Standard 6(D) Financial Performance Requirements 
 
 In addition to requirements under the national programs listed in 
 Standard 6C Participation in National Programs, a Controlled Affiliate shall take such action as required to ensure its financial performance in programs and contracts of an inter-licensee nature or where BCBSA is a party. 
 
 Standard 6(E) Cooperation with Plan Performance Response Process 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall cooperate with BCBSA's Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of the Plan Performance Response Process and in addressing Controlled Affiliate performance problems identified thereunder. 
 
 Standard 6(F) Independent Financial Rating 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall obtain a rating of its financial strength from an independent rating agency approved by BCBSA's Board of Directors for such purpose. 
 
 Standard 6(G) Local Best Efforts 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan s License Agreement with BCBSA or in this License Agreement, during each year, a Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Blue Cross Mark. 
 
 Standard 6(H) Financial Responsibility 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. 

Amended as of April 27, 2021 
 27 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 

Standard 6(I) Reports and Records 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall furnish to BCBSA on a timely and accurate basis reports and records relating to compliance with these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and Controlled Affiliate. Such reports and records are the following 
 
 A) BCBSA Controlled Affiliate Licensure Information Request and 
 
 B) Triennial trade name and service mark usage material, including disclosure material and 
 
 C) Changes in the ownership and governance of the Controlled Affiliate, including changes in its charter, articles of incorporation, or bylaws, changes in a Controlled Affiliate's Board composition, or changes in the identity of the Controlled Affiliate's Principal Officers, and changes in risk acceptance, contract growth, or direct delivery of medical care and 
 
 D) Semi-annual Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) Report as defined by the NAIC, Annual Certified Audit Report, Insurance Department Examination Report, Annual Statement filed with State Insurance Department (with all attachments), and 

Amended as of November 17, 2011 
 
 28 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 

Standard 6(J) Control by Unlicensed Entities Prohibited 
 
 No Controlled Affiliate shall cause or permit an entity other than a Plan or a Licensed Controlled Affiliate thereof to obtain control of the Controlled Affiliate or to acquire a substantial portion of its assets related to licensable services. 
 
 Standard 7 - Other Standards for Risk-Assuming Workers Compensation Controlled Affiliates 
 
 Standards 7(A) - (E) that follow apply to Controlled Affiliates that underwrite the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance. 
 
 Standard 7 (A) Financial Responsibility 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. 
 
 Standard 7(B) Reports and Records 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, reports and records relating to compliance with these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and the Controlled Affiliate. Such reports and records are the following 
 
 A. BCBSA Controlled Affiliate Licensure Information Request and 
 
 B. Triennial trade name and service mark usage materials, including disclosure materials and 
 
 C. Annual Certified Audit Report, Annual Statement as filed with the State Insurance Department (with all attachments), Annual NAIC s Risk-Based Capital Worksheets for Property and Casualty Insurers and 
 
 D. Quarterly Estimated Risk-Based Capital for Property and Casualty Insurers, Insurance Department Examination Report and 

Amended as of November 17, 2011 
 
 29 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 7(B) Reports and Records, continued 
 
 E. Notification of all changes and proposed changes to independent ratings within 30 days of receipt and submission of a copy of all rating reports and 
 
 F. Changes in the ownership and governance of the Controlled Affiliate including changes in its charter, articles of incorporation, or bylaws, changes in a Controlled Affiliate s Board composition, Plan control, state license status, operating area, the Controlled Affiliate s Principal Officers or direct delivery of medical care. 
 
 Standard 7(C) Loss Prevention 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall apply loss prevention protocol to both new and existing business. 
 
 Standard 7(D) Claims Administration 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain an effective claims administration process that includes all the necessary functions to assure prompt and proper resolution of medical and indemnity claims. 
 
 Standard 7(E) Disability and Provider Management 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall arrange for the provision of appropriate and necessary medical and rehabilitative services to facilitate early intervention by medical professionals and timely and appropriate return to work. 

Amended as of November 16, 2000 
 30 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Standard 8 - Cooperation with Controlled Affiliate License Performance Response Process Protocol 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate and its Sponsoring Plan shall cooperate with BCBSA s Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of the Controlled Affiliate License Performance Response Process Protocol (ALPRPP) and in addressing Controlled Affiliate compliance problems identified thereunder. 
 
 Standard 9(A) - Participation in National Programs by Smaller Controlled Affiliates that were former Primary Licensees 
 
 A smaller controlled affiliate that formerly was a Primary Licensee shall effectively and efficiently participate in certain national programs from time to time as may be adopted by Member Plans for the purposes of providing ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the Controlled Affiliate s service area and be subject to certain relevant financial and reporting requirements. 
 A. National program requirements include 
 BlueCard Program 
 Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS) 
 National Account Programs. 
 B. Financial Requirements include 
 Standard 6(D) Financial Performance Requirements and Standard 6(H) Financial Responsibility or 
 A financial guarantee covering the Controlled Affiliate s Inter-Plan Programs obligations in a form, and from a guarantor, acceptable to BCBSA. 

Amended as of November 21, 2014 
 31 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Standard 9(A) - Participation in National Programs by Smaller Controlled Affiliates that were former Primary Licensees 
 
 C. Reporting requirements include 
 The Semi-annual Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) Report. 

Amended as of June 13, 2002 
 32 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Standard 9(B) - Participation in National Programs by Smaller Controlled Affiliates 
 
 A smaller controlled affiliate shall participate in national programs in accordance with BlueCard and other relevant Policies and Provisions shall effectively and efficiently participate in national programs from time to time as may be adopted by Member Plans for the purposes of providing ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the controlled affiliate s service area and be subject to certain relevant financial and reporting requirements. 
 
 A. National program requirements include 
 BlueCard Program 
 Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS) 
 National Account Programs. 
 
 B. Financial Requirements include 
 Standard 6(D) Financial Performance Requirements and Standard 6(H) Financial Responsibility or 
 A financial guarantee covering the Controlled Affiliate s Inter-Plan Programs obligations in a form, and from a guarantor, acceptable to BCBSA. 

Amended as of June 20, 2013 
 
 33 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Standard 10 - Participation in Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program 
 
 A smaller controlled affiliate for which this standard applies pursuant to the Preamble section of Exhibit A of the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement shall effectively and efficiently participate in certain national programs from time to time as may be adopted by Member Plans for the purposes of providing ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the controlled affiliate s service area. 
 
 National program requirements include 
 
 A. Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program. 
 
 Standard 11 Participation in Master Business Associate Agreement by Smaller Controlled Affiliate Licensees 
 
 Effective April 14, 2003, all smaller controlled affiliates shall comply with the terms of the Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees to the extent they perform the functions of a business associate or subcontractor to a business associate, as defined by the Business Associate Agreement. 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 

34 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT B-1 
 
 ADDENDUM TO CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE TO BE EXECUTED BY CONTROLLED AFFILIATES LICENSED UNDER CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARD 1C. 
 
 ADDENDUM TO CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE 
 
 This Addendum is made to that certain Blue Cross Controlled Affiliate License Agreement executed by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association Licensor ),___________________________( Controlled Affiliate Licensee and 
 _________________________________________( Sponsoring Plan dated the _______ day of_________,________( Agreement ). The parties to this Addendum are Licensor, Controlled Affiliate Licensee, Sponsoring Plan, and the undersigned other Plans Other Plans ). This Addendum is made and shall be deemed effective as of the date of the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Sponsoring Plan asserts that it can serve the Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans market in its Service Area more efficiently and with less risk through an enterprise jointly owned and controlled with other Plans than through a wholly owned and Controlled Affiliate Licensee. 
 
 WHEREAS, in such circumstance Controlled Affiliate License Standard 1C permits the licensing of a Controlled Affiliate that is less than 50 owned and controlled by the Sponsoring Plan but which is 100 owned and controlled by Plans including the Sponsoring Plan, subject to certain conditions 
 
 WHEREAS, one such condition is that the Sponsoring Plan and all such other owning and controlling Plans enter into this Addendum 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, including the promises and covenants set forth herein, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. This Addendum is limited to identify product name . 
 
 2. The Sponsoring Plan shall participate operationally in Controlled Affiliate s business that is conducted under the Licensed Marks. The parties understand that participation may take many forms, one of which should be providing a network of providers in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate for the Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans services being offered under the Agreement and being involved in network development and provider engagement functions. 
 
 3. Each of the Other Plans agrees that (i) it will cooperate fully with the Sponsoring Plan and BCBSA as needed to enable Sponsoring Plan and 
 
 35 

Exhibit 10.11 

 Controlled Affiliate Licensee to meet their obligations to Licensor under the Agreement and all associated rules and regulations of Licensor, including the Brand Regulations, (ii) it will not take any action, either individually or jointly with any of the Other Plans, that would cause Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee to violate the Agreement, and (iii) it will not fail to take any action, either individually or jointly with any of the Other Plans, where such failure would cause Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee to violate the Agreement. 
 
 4. Each of the Other Plans acknowledges that it has reviewed the Agreement and understands that Sponsoring Plan has the right to terminate the Agreement without cause upon notice as provided in Paragraph 8 of the Agreement, and that such right is unfettered and may be exercised by Sponsoring Plan in its sole discretion. 
 
 WHEREFORE, by signing below the parties agree to be bound to the terms stated herein. 
 
 BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 
 By _______________________________________ 

Controlled Affiliate Licensee 
 
 By _______________________________________ 

Sponsoring Plan 
 
 By _______________________________________ 

Other Plan 1 
 
 By _______________________________________ 

Other Plan 2 
 
 By _______________________________________ 
 
 Amended September 27, 2018 
 36 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT B-2 
 
 ADDENDUM TO CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE TO BE EXECUTED BY CONTROLLED AFFILIATES LICENSED UNDER CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARD 1D. 
 ADDENDUM TO CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE 
 This Addendum is made to that certain Blue Cross Controlled Affiliate License Agreement executed by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association Licensor ),__________________________( Controlled Affiliate Licensee ), 
 _____________________________________( Sponsoring Plan and __________________________________ Participating Plan dated the ____ day of__________,_______( Agreement ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Participating Plan is defined as the Plan that holds the Primary License with BCBSA to use the Service Marks in the Service Area where the Controlled Affiliate will use the Service Marks 
 
 WHEREAS, the Participating Plan asserts that it can offer a lower cost Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product more efficiently in the Participating Plan s Service Area through the Controlled Affiliate Licensee 
 
 WHEREAS, the Controlled Affiliate shall only use the Service Marks inside of the Participating Plan(s) Service Area subject to each Participating Plan signing a separate Addendum 
 
 WHEREAS, in such circumstance Controlled Affiliate License Standard 1D permits the licensing of a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 owned and controlled by a Sponsoring Plan, subject to certain conditions 
 
 WHEREAS, one such condition is that the Sponsoring Plan, Controlled Affiliate and the Participating Plan enter into this Addendum 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, including the promises and covenants set forth herein, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. The Participating Plan shall participate in Controlled Affiliate s business that is conducted under the Licensed Marks. The parties understand that the Participating Plan shall conduct sales support and marketing of the Controlled Affiliate s Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product offered in the Participating Plan s Service Area. Any other form of participation shall require BCBSA s written approval. 
 
 2. Participating Plan agrees that (i) it will cooperate fully with the Sponsoring Plan and BCBSA as needed to enable Sponsoring Plan and 
 
 37 

Exhibit 10.11 

Controlled Affiliate Licensee to meet their obligations to Licensor under the Agreement and all associated rules and regulations of Licensor, including the Brand Regulations, (ii) it will not take any action that would cause Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee to violate the Agreement, and (iii) it will not fail to take any action, either individually or jointly with the Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee, where such failure would cause Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee to violate the Agreement. 
 
 3. The Controlled Affiliate Licensee shall only use the Licensed Marks authorized by the Participating Plan in connection with the Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product offered in the Participating Plan s Service Area. 
 
 4. The Sponsoring Plan and Controlled Affiliate acknowledge that it has reviewed the Agreement and understands that Participating Plan has the right to terminate this Agreement (i) immediately upon the expiration or termination of the Plan Participation Agreement by and between Participating Plan and Controlled Affiliate upon written notice to the Sponsoring Plan, Controlled Affiliate Licensee and Licensor, or (ii) without cause upon 18 months written notice to the Sponsoring Plan, Controlled Affiliate Licensee and Licensor, and that such right is unfettered and may be exercised by Participating Plan in its sole discretion. In the event that Participating Plan and Controlled Affiliate fail to execute the Plan Participation Agreement by __________(Date), Participating Plan may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to Sponsoring Plan, Controlled Affiliate Licensee and Licensor. 
 
 5. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate Licensee's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that the Sponsoring Plan or Participating Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 WHEREFORE, by signing below the parties agree to be bound to the terms stated herein. 
 
 BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 
 By ______________________ 
 
 Controlled Affiliate Licensee 
 
 By ______________________ 
 
 Sponsoring Plan 
 
 By ______________________ 
 
 Participating Plan 
 
 By ______________________ 

38 

Amended March 17, 2016 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT C 
 ROYALTY FORMULA FOR SECTION 9 OF THE CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

Controlled Affiliate will pay BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 
 FOR RISK PRODUCTS 
 
 For Controlled Affiliates not underwriting the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 
 
 An amount equal to its pro rata share of Sponsoring Plan's dues payable to BCBSA computed with the addition of the Controlled Affiliate's members using the Marks on health care plans and related services as reported on the Quarterly Enrollment Report with BCBSA. The payment by Sponsoring Plan of its dues to BCBSA, including that portion described in this paragraph, will satisfy the requirement of this paragraph, and no separate payment will be necessary. 
 
 For Controlled Affiliates underwriting the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 
 
 An amount equal to 0.35 percent of the gross revenue per annum of Controlled Affiliate arising from products using the marks plus, an annual fee of 5,000 per license for a Controlled Affiliate subject to Standard 7. 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 

39 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT C (continued) 

FOR NONRISK PRODUCTS 
 
 For third-party administrative business, an amount equal to its pro rata share of Sponsoring Plan s dues payable to BCBSA computed with the addition of the Controlled Affiliate s members using the Marks on health care plans and related services as reported on the Quarterly Enrollment Report with BCBSA. The payment by Sponsoring Plan of its dues to BCBSA, including that portion described in this paragraph, will satisfy the requirement of this paragraph, and no separate payment will be necessary. 
 
 For non-third party administrative business (e.g., case management, provider networks, etc.), an amount equal to 0.24 percent of the gross revenue per annum of Controlled Affiliate arising from products using the marks plus 
 
 1) An annual fee of 5,000 per license for a Controlled Affiliate subject to Standard 6 D. 
 
 2) An annual fee of 2,000 per license for all other Controlled Affiliates. 
 
 The foregoing shall be reduced by one-half where both a BLUE CROSS and BLUE SHIELD License are issued to the same Controlled Affiliate. In the event that any license period is greater or less than one (1) year, any amounts due shall be prorated. Royalties under this formula will be calculated, billed and paid in arrears. 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 

40 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 1A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT APPLICABLE TO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES 
 (Includes revisions adopted by Member Plans through their June 16, 2022 meeting) 
 
 This agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA _____________________________( Controlled Affiliate ), a Controlled Affiliate of the Blue Cross Plan(s), known as______________________________________( Plan ). 
 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks 
 
 WHEREAS, the Plan and the Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks as service marks and be entitled to use the term BLUE CROSS in a trade name Licensed Name 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to the Controlled Affiliate the exclusive right to use the licensed Marks and Names in connection with and only in connection with those life insurance and related services authorized by applicable state law, other than health care plans and related services (as defined in the Plan's License Agreements with BCBSA) which services are not separately licensed to Controlled Affiliate by BCBSA, in the Service Area served by the Plan, except that BCBSA reserves the right to use the Licensed Marks and Name in said Service Area, and except to the extent that said Service Area may overlap the area or areas served by one or more other licensed Blue Cross Plans as of the date of this License as to which overlapping areas the rights hereby granted are non-exclusive as to such other Plan or Plans and their respective Licensed Controlled Affiliates only. Controlled Affiliate cannot use the Licensed Marks or Name outside the Service Area or in its legal or trade name provided, however, that if and only for so long as Controlled Affiliate also holds a Blue Cross Controlled Affiliate License Agreement applicable to health care plans and related services, Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its legal and trade name according to the terms of such license agreement. 

Amended as of June 12, 2003 
 -1- 

Exhibit 10.11 

2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 
 A. Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks and Name only in relation to the sale, marketing and rendering of authorized products and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in Exhibit A as it may be amended by BCBSA from time-to-time. 
 
 B. Controlled Affiliate agrees that Plan and or BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 C. Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by Plan or by BCBSA) a report to Plan and BCBSA demonstrating Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of Exhibit A. 
 
 D. As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner that it is subject to the bona fide control of a Plan or Plans. Absent written approval by BCBSA of an alternative method of control, bona fide control shall mean the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate's governing body having not less than 51 voting control thereof (b) to exercise operational control with respect to the governance thereof and (c) to prevent any change in its articles of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents deemed inappropriate. In addition, a Plan or Plans shall own at least 51 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. If the Controlled Affiliate is a mutual company, the Plan or its designee(s) shall have and maintain, in lieu of the requirements of items (a) and (c) above, proxies representing 51 of the votes at any meeting of the policyholders and shall demonstrate that there is no reason to believe this such proxies shall be revoked by sufficient policyholders to reduce such percentage below 51 . 
 3. SERVICE MARK USE 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks, including but not limited to use of such symbols or words as BCBSA shall specify to protect the Licensed Marks, and shall comply with such rules (applicable to all Controlled Affiliates licensed to use the Marks) relative to service mark use, as are issued from time-to-time by BCBSA. If there is any public reference to the affiliation between the Plan and the Controlled Affiliate, all of the Controlled Affiliate's licensed services in the Service Area of the Plan shall be rendered under the Licensed Marks. Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks by Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 -2- 

Exhibit 10.11 

4. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall not sublicense, transfer, hypothecate, sell, encumber or mortgage, by operation of law or otherwise, the rights granted hereunder and any such act shall be voidable at the option of Plan or BCBSA. This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to Controlled Affiliate. 
 5. INFRINGEMENTS 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify Plan and BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off which may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks. Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require Plan or BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to Plan and BCBSA, free of charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks by BCBSA. 
 6. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Controlled Affiliate hereby agrees to save, defend, indemnify and hold Plan and BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description which may arise as a result of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of health care services under the Licensed Marks. 
 7. LICENSE TERM 
 
 The license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods upon evidence satisfactory to the Plan and BCBSA that Controlled Affiliate meets the then applicable quality control standards, unless one of the parties hereto notifies the other party of the termination hereof at least sixty (60) days prior to expiration of any license period. 
 
 This Agreement may be terminated by the Plan or by BCBSA for cause at any time provided that Controlled Affiliate has been given a reasonable opportunity to cure and shall not effect such a cure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice of the intent to terminate (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period). By way of example and not for purposes of limitation, Controlled Affiliate's failure to abide by the quality control provisions of Paragraph 2, above, shall be considered a proper ground for cancellation of this Agreement. 
 
 -3- 

Exhibit 10.11 

This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 
 A. Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with Standard No. 1 (Organization and Governance) of Exhibit A or, following an opportunity to cure, with the remaining quality control provisions of Exhibit A, as it may be amended from time-to-time or 
 
 B. Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks or 
 
 C. Appropriate dues for Controlled Affiliate pursuant to item 8 hereof, which are the royalties for this License Agreement are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA. 
 
 Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks including any use in its trade name. 
 
 In the event of any disagreement between Plan and BCBSA as to whether grounds exist for termination or as to any other term or condition hereof, the decision of BCBSA shall control, subject to provisions for mediation or mandatory dispute resolution in effect between the parties. 
 
 Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensed Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers that it is no longer a licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and provide instruction on how the customer can contact the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The written notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by the Association. The Association shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 
 8. DUES 
 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 An annual fee of five thousand dollars 5,000) per license, plus 
 
 .05 of gross revenue per year from branded group products, plus 
 
 .5 of gross revenue per year from branded individual products plus 
 
 .14 of gross revenue per year from branded individual annuity products. 

Amended as of November 20, 1997 
 -4- 

Exhibit 10.11 

 The foregoing percentages shall be reduced by one-half where both a BLUE CROSS and BLUE SHIELD license are issued to the same entity. In the event that any License period is greater or less than one (1) year, any amounts due shall be prorated. Royalties under this formula will be calculated, billed and paid in arrears. 
 
 Plan will promptly and timely transmit to BCBSA all dues owed by Controlled Affiliate as determined by the above formula and if Plan shall fail to do so, Controlled Affiliate shall pay such dues directly. 
 
 9. JOINT VENTURE 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between Plan and Controlled Affiliate or between either and BCBSA. 
 9A . VOTING 
 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 
 10. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 

Amended as of November 20, 1997 

-5- 

Exhibit 10.11 

11. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by a writing executed by all parties. 
 12. SEVERABILITY 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such finding shall in no way effect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 13. NONWAIVER 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of the Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 14. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 

Amended as of June 16, 2005 

-6- 

Exhibit 10.11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed, effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By ________________________ 
 Date ______________________ 
 
 Controlled Affiliate 
 By ________________________ 
 Date ______________________ 
 
 Plan 
 By ________________________ 
 Date ______________________ 

-7- 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES 
 Page 1 of 2 
 PREAMBLE 
 
 The standards for licensing Life Insurance Companies (Life and Health Insurance companies, as defined by state statute) are established by BCBSA and are subject to change from time-to-time upon the affirmative vote of three- fourths (3 4) of the Plans and three-fourths (3 4) of the total weighted vote of all Plans. Each Licensed Plan is required to use a standard controlled affiliate license form provided by BCBSA and to cooperate fully in assuring that the licensed Life Insurance Company maintains compliance with the license standards. 
 
 An organization meeting the following standards shall be eligible for a license to use the Licensed Marks within the service area of its sponsoring Licensed Plan to the extent and the manner authorized under the Controlled Affiliate License applicable to Life Insurance Companies and the principal license to the Plan. 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 
 The LIC shall be organized and operated in such a manner that it is controlled by a licensed Plan or Plans which have, directly or indirectly 1) not less than 51 of the voting control of the LIC and 2) the legal ability to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the LIC with which it does not concur and 3) operational control of the LIC. 
 
 If the LIC is a mutual company, the Plan or its designee(s) shall have and maintain, in lieu of the requirements of items 1 and 2 above, proxies representing at least 51 of the votes at any policyholder meeting and shall demonstrate that there is no reason to believe such proxies shall be revoked by sufficient policyholders to reduce such percentage below 51 . 
 Standard 2 - State Licensure 
 
 The LIC must maintain unimpaired licensure or certificate of authority to operate under applicable state laws as a life and health insurance company in each state in which the LIC does business. 

-1- 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES 
 Page 2 of 2 
 Standard 3 - Records and Examination 
 
 The LIC and its sponsoring licensed Plan(s) shall maintain and furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, such records and reports regarding the LIC as may be required in order to establish compliance with the license agreement. The LIC and its sponsoring licensed Plan(s) shall permit BCBSA to examine the affairs of the LIC and shall agree that BCBSA's board may submit a written report to the chief executive officer(s) and the board(s) of directors of the sponsoring Plan(s). 
 Standard 4 - Mediation 
 
 The LIC and its sponsoring Plan(s) shall agree to use the then-current BCBSA mediation and mandatory dispute resolution processes, in lieu of a legal action between or among another licensed controlled affiliate, a licensed Plan or BCBSA. 
 Standard 5 - Financial Responsibility 
 
 The LIC shall maintain adequate financial resources to protect its customers and meet its business obligations. 
 
 Standard 6 - Cooperation with Affiliate License Performance Response Process Protocol 
 
 The LIC and its Sponsoring Plan(s) shall cooperate with BCBSA s Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of the Affiliate License Performance Response Process Protocol (ALPRPP) and in addressing LIC compliance problems identified thereunder. 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.11 

Exhibit 1A1 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE 
 TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 FOR LIFE AND DISABILITY INSURANCE PRODUCTS 
 
 This Agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and _______________________, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate which is a company offering life and disability insurance products owned and controlled by____________________, ___________, ____________ (individually, Sponsoring Plan and when referred to collectively, Sponsoring Plans ). 
 
 Whereas, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE CROSS and BLUE SHIELD word and design service marks and any derivatives thereof Licensed Marks 
 
 Whereas, each Sponsoring Plan is licensed separately by BCBSA to use one or more of the Licensed Marks in a particular Service Area 
 
 Whereas, the Sponsoring Plans and the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the appropriate Licensed Marks in connection with life and disability insurance products in some or all of such Sponsoring Plans Service Areas and in the Service Areas of other Regular Member Plans, as defined in the BCBSA By-laws, Blue Plans consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 
 A. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate the limited right to use the Licensed Marks in connection with and only in connection with the following life and disability insurance products authorized by state law (1) Group Term Life, Long Term Disability, Whole Life, Benefit Life, Universal Life (2) Individual Term Life, Whole Life, Dependent Life, S p ouse Life (3) Other Disability Income, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, Income Replacement and (4) such other life and disability products approved by BCBSA in writing Licensed Products in the Service Areas served by the Sponsoring Plans or in the Service Area or Areas of one or more other licensed Blue Plans, provided that such Blue Plans have consented to such use as authorized by this Agreement. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may not use the Licensed Marks in its legal or trade name. 

1 

Exhibit 10.11 

B. Notwithstanding that the license granted to Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate is a license to use all of the Licensed Marks, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may only use those of the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of a Sponsoring Plan or other consenting Blue Plan as described below that such Plan is authorized to use as a Blue Plan pursuant to its separate license agreements with BCBSA. 
 
 C. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks in the Service Areas of Sponsoring Plans or in the Service Area of a Blue Plan that is not a signatory to this Agreement only after such Sponsoring Plan(s) or non-signatory Blue Plan consents to such use by executing a written consent in substantially the same form as the Consent Agreement attached as Exhibit B . 
 
 D. The following provisions apply with respect to Consent Agreements once such agreements have been fully and properly executed 
 
 (1) All sales, marketing and advertising materials developed by and proposed for use by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in the Service Area of Sponsoring Plan or consenting Blue Plan (hereinafter, such consenting Sponsoring Plan or consenting Blue Plan collectively referred to Consenting Plan(s) must clearly identify the Consenting Plan (for example, a statement on such materials that reads This product is offered with the cooperation of Blue Cross and or Blue Shield of Geography 
 
 (2) To the extent the Consenting Plan has separate divisions or other Affiliates that use the Licensed Marks in distinct geographic areas within its Service Area, consent obtained under this Agreement may be limited to one or more of such specific geographic areas as specified by the Consenting Plan in its signed Consent Agreement. For purposes of this entire Agreement, all references to the Service Area of a Sponsoring Plan, Blue Plan or Consenting Plan may include the entire Service Area or a distinct geographic area within such Service Area as specified in this Section 1 D (2) 
 
 (3) Where BCBSA has licensed two or more Blue Plans to use the same Licensed Marks in the same Service Area, in addition to the requirements set forth in Section D (1) above, the sales, marketing and advertising materials referenced in such section above must be communicated to the Consenting Plan s existing and prospective accounts through or with the approval of such Consenting Plan, and the personnel of such Consenting Plan must actively participate in all sales and marketing activities conducted by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in the same Service Area, including participating in meetings (whether in- person or via telephone, video or internet conference) with both existing and prospective accounts of the Consenting Plan 

2 

Exhibit 10.11 

(4) Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall be entitled to use in a Service Area only those Licensed Marks that the Consenting Plan has been granted by BCBSA the license to use under its Blue Plan license 
 
 (5) agreements (for example, if a Consenting Plan is licensed to use only the Blue Cross Marks in its Service Area, the materials used by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in that Service Area may only contain or reference the Blue Cross Marks and not the Blue Shield Marks). 
 
 (6) If a Consent Agreement is terminated, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall, unless BCBSA and the Consenting Plan agree in their sole discretion to a phase out in writing, immediately (i) cease all use of the Licensed Marks, including in connection with any and all sales and marketing of the Licensed Products in the Service Area where consent has been terminated, and (ii) notify its customers that it is no longer a licensee and provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in form approved by BCBSA. 
 2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 
 A. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks only in relation to the sale, marketing and administration of the Licensed Products and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in Exhibit A and the Guidelines to Administer the Standards for Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products attached thereto. 
 
 B. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees that BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks. 
 
 C. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by BCBSA) a report to BCBSA demonstrating Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of Exhibit A. 
 
 D. As used herein, a Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate is defined as An entity organized and operated in such a manner that it is 100 owned and controlled by Sponsoring Plans. Absent written approval by BCBSA of an alternative method of control, control shall mean the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof (b) to exercise operational control with respect to the governance thereof and (c) to prevent any change in its articles of 
 3 

Exhibit 10.11 

incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents deemed inappropriate. In addition, a Sponsoring Plan or Plans shall own at least 100 of any for profit Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 3. SERVICE MARK USE 
 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks and shall ensure all uses of the Licensed Marks comply with the BCBSA Brand Regulations, as amended by BCBSA from time to time. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 4. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 
 The license hereby granted to Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate to use the Licensed Marks is and shall be personal to Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and shall not be assignable by any act of the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate, directly or indirectly, without the written consent of BCBSA. Said license shall not be assignable by operation of law, nor shall Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate mortgage or part with possession or control of this license or any right hereunder, and the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall have no right to grant any sublicense to use the Licensed Marks. 
 5. INFRINGEMENTS 
 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off which may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to BCBSA, free of charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks by BCBSA. BCBSA shall have sole control of the defense and resolution of any claim of infringement brought or threatened by others. 
 6. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate hereby agrees to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description which may arise as a result of Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's conduct. 

4 

Exhibit 10.11 

7. LICENSE TERM 
 
 A. The license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods, unless either BCBSA or Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate notifies the other party in writing of the termination hereof at least sixty (60) days prior to expiration of any license period. 
 
 B. This Agreement may be terminated by BCBSA for cause at any time provided that Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate has been given a reasonable opportunity to cure and shall not effect such a cure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice of the intent to terminate (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period). By way of example and not for purposes of limitation, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's failure to abide by the conditions regarding use of the Licensed Marks set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement or the quality control provisions of Section 2 (other than with respect to Section 2 D which is subject to immediate termination as stated in Section 7 C (1) below) shall be considered proper grounds for termination of this Agreement. 
 
 C. This Agreement and all of Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 
 (1) Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with Section 2 D (or Standard No. 1 (Organization and Governance) of Exhibit A) or 
 
 (2) Any Sponsoring Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks or 
 
 (3) Appropriate fees for Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA. 
 
 Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks. 
 
 In the event of any disagreement between Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and BCBSA as to whether grounds exist for termination or as to any other term or condition hereof, the decision of BCBSA shall control, subject to provisions for mediation or mandatory dispute resolution in effect between the parties. 

5 

Exhibit 10.11 

Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensed Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by BCBSA. BCBSA shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 
 8. ROYALTIES 
 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 An annual fee of five thousand dollars 5,000) per license, plus 
 .05 of gross revenue per year from group products sold under the Licensed Marks, plus 
 
 .5 of gross revenue per year from individual products sold under the Licensed Marks 
 
 In the event that any license period is greater or less than one (1) year, any amounts due shall be prorated. Royalties under this formula will be calculated, billed and paid in arrears. 
 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate will promptly and timely transmit to BCBSA all fees owed by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate as determined by the above formula. 
 
 9. JOINT VENTURE 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between any Sponsoring Plan and Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate or between among them and or BCBSA. 
 10. VOTING 
 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the 
 
 6 

Exhibit 10.11 

Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 
 11. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 
 12. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by 
 (a) a writing signed by all parties or (b) a writing approved by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Blue Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Blue Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. Upon such adoption by the Blue Plans, this Agreement and all other Trademark License Agreements for Life and Disability Insurance Products then in effect shall simultaneously be amended. 
 13. SEVERABILITY 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such finding shall in no way affect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 14. NONWAIVER 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 15. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 
 7 

Exhibit 10.11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed, effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By _______________________ 
 Date _____________________ 
 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate 
 By _______________________ 
 Date _____________________ 
 
 Sponsoring Plan 
 By _______________________ 
 Date _____________________ 
 
 Name _____________________ 
 
 Sponsoring Plan 
 
 By _________________________ 
 Date _______________________ 
 
 Name ______________________ 
 
 Add other Sponsoring Plans as necessary 

8 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A 
 LICENSE STANDARDS APPLICABLE TO TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR LIFE AND DISABILITY INSURANCE PRODUCTS 
 Page 1 of 2 
 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 
 Any Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate licensed under the Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products licensee shall be organized and operated in such a manner that it is an entity organized and operated in such a manner that it is 100 owned and controlled by Sponsoring Plans. Absent written approval by BCBSA of an alternative method of control, control shall mean the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof (b) to exercise operational control with respect to the governance thereof and (c) to prevent any change in its articles of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents deemed inappropriate. In addition, a Sponsoring Plan or Plans shall own at least 100 of any for profit Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate. 
 Standard 2 - State Licensure 
 
 The licensee must maintain unimpaired licensure or certificate of authority to operate under applicable state laws as a life company in each state in which the licensee does business. 
 Standard 3 - Records and Examination 
 
 The licensee shall maintain and furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, such records and reports regarding the licensee as may be required in order to establish compliance with the Agreement. The licensee shall permit BCBSA to examine the affairs of the licensee and shall agree that BCBSA's board may submit a written report to the chief executive officer(s) and the board(s) of directors of the Sponsoring Plan(s). 
 Standard 4 - Mediation 
 
 The licensee, its Sponsoring Plan(s) and all consenting Blue Plans shall agree to use the then-current BCBSA mediation and mandatory dispute resolution processes, in lieu of a legal action between or among another licensed Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate, a Sponsoring Plan and or consenting Blue Plan or BCBSA. 

1 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A 
 LICENSE STANDARDS APPLICABLE TO TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR LIFE AND DISABILITY INSURANCE PRODUCTS 
 Page 2 of 2 
 Standard 5 - Financial Responsibility 
 
 The licensee shall maintain adequate financial resources to protect its customers and meet its business obligations. 
 
 Standard 6 - Cooperation with BCBSA Governance 
 
 The licensee shall cooperate with BCBSA s Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of and in addressing licensee compliance problems that may be identified in connection with the operation or administration of the Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products. 

2 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT B 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 
 This Consent Agreement is made and entered into by and among the undersigned Blue Plan, and____________________( Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate ), and the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and shall be deemed effective on_______________________( Effective Date ). 
 
 Whereas, BCBSA owns the Blue Cross and Blue Shield word and design service marks and any derivative mark thereof (the Brands 
 
 Whereas, the undersigned Blue Plan is licensed to use one or more of the Brands within a specific geographic area Service Area 
 
 Whereas Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate is licensed by BCBSA to use one or more of the Brands to offer life and disability insurance products Products as defined and authorized in the Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products Life and Disability License Agreement 
 
 Whereas neither the Blue Plan nor its affiliates offer the Products under any of the Brands in such Blue Plan s Service Area or portion thereof where Blue Plan has consented to sale of the Products by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and 
 
 Whereas BCBSA and the undersigned Blue Plan desire to consent to Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate s use of the Brands in Blue Plan s Service Area consistent with the terms of the Life and Disability License Agreement and this Consent Agreement. 
 
 Now, therefore, in consideration of the obligations and conditions stated in this Agreement, Blue Plan, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and BCBSA agree as follows 
 1. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may market, sell, administer and underwrite the Products in Blue Plan s Service Area under the Brands licensed to Blue Plan in such Service Area subject to the terms of this Consent Agreement, the Life and Disability License Agreement and Blue Plan s license agreement(s) with BCBSA. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate s rights under the Brands to offer the Products under the Brands are limited to offering the Products only under the Brand(s) licensed to the consenting Blue Plan. 
 2. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall work with the undersigned Blue Plan to develop a written sales and marketing agreement that identifies the relationship between it and Blue Plan for the sales, marketing and customer service for the Products. The term of the sales and marketing agreement shall be the same as the term of this Consent Agreement. 
 1 

Exhibit 10.11 

3. All sales, marketing and advertising materials developed by and proposed for use by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in a consenting Blue Plan s Service Area must clearly identify the consenting Blue Plan (for example, a statement on such materials that reads This product is offered with the cooperation of Blue Cross and or Blue Shield of Geography 
 
 4. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may use the Brands to sell the Products in the following Service Area or portion thereof as designated by Blue Plan 
 ____________________________________________________________ 

5. If two or more Blue Plans to use the same Licensed Marks in the same Service Area, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall work with the consenting Blue Plan in the following manner (a) the sales, marketing and advertising materials must be communicated to the consenting Blue Plan s existing and prospective accounts through or with the approval of such Blue Plan, and (b) the personnel of such Blue Plan must actively participate in all sales and marketing activities conducted by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in the same Service Area, including participating in meetings (whether in-person or via telephone, video or internet conference) with both existing and prospective accounts of the consenting Blue Plan 
 
 6. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall be entitled to use in a Service Area only those Licensed Marks that the consenting Blue Plan has been granted by BCBSA the license to use under its license agreement (for example, if a consenting Blue Plan is licensed to use only the Blue Cross Marks in its Service Area, the materials used by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in that Service Area may only contain or reference the Blue Cross Marks and not the Blue Shield Marks). 
 
 7. If this Consent Agreement is terminated, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall, unless each BCBSA and the Blue Plan agree in their sole discretion to a phase out in writing, immediately (i) cease all use of the Licensed Marks, including in connection with any and all sales and marketing of the Licensed Products in the Service Area where consent has been terminated, and (ii) notify its customers that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in form approved by BCBSA. 

2 

Exhibit 10.11 

8. The term of this Consent Agreement shall be one year from the Effective Date. Unless either Blue Plan or Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate provides the other party with written notice of its desire not to renew this Consent Agreement at least 60 days prior to expiration of the term or any extended term or unless terminated as provided in Paragraph 9 below, this Consent Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one year periods. 
 
 9. This Consent Agreement may be terminated as follows 
 
 A. Upon mutual written consent of Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and Blue Plan 
 
 B. By Blue Plan or Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate upon 60 days advance written notice to the non-terminating party and BCBSA or 
 
 C. By Blue Plan immediately if Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate does not comply with this Consent Agreement or the sales protocol agreement. 
 
 10. This Consent Agreement shall automatically terminate if Blue Plan s primary licensee agreement terminates for any reason or if the Life and Disability License Agreement terminates for any reason. 
 
 Agreed and Accepted by Blue Plan 
 By _______________________ 
 
 Title ______________________ 
 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 
 By _______________________ 
 
 Title ______________________ 
 
 LIFE AND DISABILITY CONTROLLED AFFILIATE 
 
 By _______________________ 
 
 Title ______________________ 
 
 3 

Exhibit 10.11 

Exhibit 1B 
 BLUE CROSS 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PPO PRODUCTS 
 (Adopted by Member Plans at their June 16, 2022 meeting) 
 
 This Agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and________( Controlled Affiliate ), a Controlled Affiliate of the Blue Cross Plan(s), known as ________ Controlling Plans ), each of which is also a Party signatory hereto. 
 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks 
 
 WHEREAS, under the Medicare Modernization Act, companies may apply to and be awarded a contract by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS to offer Medicare Advantage PPO products in geographic regions designated by CMS (hereafter regional MAPPO products ). 
 
 WHEREAS, some of the CMS-designated regions include the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Plan. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Controlling Plans and Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks as service marks and be entitled to use the term BLUE CROSS in a trade name Licensed Name to offer regional MAPPO products in a region that includes the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Controlling Plan 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to Controlled Affiliate the right to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with, and only in connection with the sale, marketing and administration of regional MAPPO products and related services. 
 
 This grant of rights is non-exclusive and is limited to the following states 
 ________________ (the Region ). Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed 

-1- 

Exhibit 10.11 

Marks and Name in its legal name on the following conditions (i) the legal name must be approved in advance, in writing, by BCBSA (ii) Controlled Affiliate shall not do business outside the Region under any name or mark except business conducted in the Service Area of a Controlling Plan provided that Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed by BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with health care plans and related services in the Service Area of such Controlling Plan and (iii) Controlled Affiliate shall not use the Licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of any name or symbol used to identify itself in any securities market. Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its Trade Name only with the prior, written, consent of BCBSA. 
 
 2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 
 A. Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks and Name only in connection with the licensed services and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in attached Exhibit A as they may be amended by BCBSA from time-to-time. 
 
 B. Controlled Affiliate agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws. 
 
 C. Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by the Controlling Plans or by BCBSA) a report or reports to the Controlling Plans and BCBSA demonstrating Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of this paragraph and the attached Exhibit A. 
 
 D. Controlled Affiliate agrees that the Controlling Plans and or BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 E. As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that it meets the following requirements 
 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Controlling Plans 
 
 (2) Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to a separate Blue Cross License Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.11 

(3) The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof 
 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur 
 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 (iv) take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 -3- 

Exhibit 10.11 

3. SERVICE MARK USE 
 
 A. Controlled Affiliate recognizes the importance of a comprehensive national network of independent BCBSA licensees which are committed to strengthening the Licensed Marks and Name. The Controlled Affiliate further recognizes that its actions within the Region may affect the value of the Licensed Marks and Name nationwide. 
 
 B. Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including but not limited to use of such symbols or words as BCBSA shall specify to protect the Licensed Marks and Name and shall comply with such rules (generally applicable to Controlled Affiliates licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name) relative to service mark use, as are issued from time-to-time by BCBSA. Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks and Name by Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 
 C. Controlled Affiliate may not directly or indirectly use the Licensed Marks and Name in a manner that transfers or is intended to transfer in the Region the goodwill associated therewith to another mark or name, nor may Controlled Affiliate engage in activity that may dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 D. Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with the sale, marketing and administration of regional MAPPO products and related services. 
 
 4. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall not, directly or indirectly, sublicense, transfer, hypothecate, sell, encumber or mortgage, by operation of law or otherwise, the rights granted hereunder and any such act shall be voidable at the sole option of any Controlling Plan or BCBSA. This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to Controlled Affiliate. 

-4- 

Exhibit 10.11 

5. INFRINGEMENT 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify the Controlling Plans and the Controlling Plans shall promptly notify BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off that may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks and Name. Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require the Controlling Plans or BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to the Controlling Plans and BCBSA, without charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks and Name by BCBSA. 
 
 6. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Controlled Affiliate and the Controlling Plans hereby agree to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description (except those arising solely as a result of BCBSA's negligence) that may arise as a result of or related to Controlled Affiliate's rendering of services under the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 7. LICENSE TERM 
 
 A. Except as otherwise provided herein, the license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods unless terminated pursuant to the provisions herein. 
 
 B. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that (i) any one of the Controlling Plans ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks and Name or (ii) pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x) of the Blue Cross License Agreement any one of the Controlling Plans ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Names and Marks in the Region. 
 
 C. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be forthwith terminated by the Controlling Plans or the affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors of BCBSA present and voting at a special meeting expressly called by BCBSA for the purpose on ten (10) days written notice to the Controlling Plans advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Controlling Plans an opportunity to be heard and to present their response to the Board for (1) failure to comply with any applicable minimum capital or liquidity requirement under the quality control standards of this 
 
 -5- 

Exhibit 10.11 

Agreement or (2) failure to comply with the Organization and Governance quality control standard of this Agreement or (3) impending financial insolvency or (4) failure to comply with any of the applicable requirements of Standards 2, 3, 4, or 5 of attached Exhibit A or (5) the pendency of any action instituted against the Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business or seeking the declaration or establishment of a trust for any of its property or business, unless this Controlled Affiliate License Agreement has been earlier terminated under paragraph 7(E) or (6) such other reason as is determined in good faith immediately and irreparably to threaten the integrity and reputation of BCBSA, the Plans (including the Controlling Plans), any other licensee including Controlled Affiliate and or the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 D. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 7(B), 7(C) or 7(E) herein, should Controlled Affiliate fail to comply with the provisions of this Agreement and not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period) BCBSA or the Controlling Plans shall have the right to issue a notice that the Controlled Affiliate is in a state of noncompliance. If a state of noncompliance as aforesaid is undisputed by the Controlled Affiliate or is found to exist by a mandatory dispute resolution panel and is uncured as provided above, BCBSA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of the Agreement or to issue a notice of termination thereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, any disputes as to the termination of this License pursuant to Paragraphs 7(B), 7(C) or 7(E) of this Agreement shall not be subject to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. All other disputes between or among BCBSA, any of the Controlling Plans and or Controlled Affiliate shall be submitted promptly to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. The mandatory dispute resolution panel shall have authority to issue orders for specific performance and assess monetary penalties. Except, however, as provided in Paragraphs 7(B) and 7(E) of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may not be finally terminated for any reason without the affirmative vote of a majority of the present and voting members of the Board of Directors of BCBSA. 
 
 E. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with item 2(E) above 
 
 (2) Appropriate dues, royalties and other payments for Controlled Affiliate pursuant to paragraph 9 hereof, which are the royalties for this License Agreement, are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA or 
 
 -6- 

Exhibit 10.11 

(3) Any of the following events occur (i) a voluntary petition shall be filed by Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief, or (ii) an involuntary petition or proceeding shall be filed against Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief and such petition or proceeding is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of the date upon which the petition or other document commencing the proceeding is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, or (iii) an order for relief is entered against Controlled Affiliate in any case under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, or Controlled Affiliate is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent as those terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the State of Illinois by any court of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) Controlled Affiliate makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (v) any government or any government official, office, agency, branch, or unit assumes control of Controlled Affiliate or delinquency proceedings (voluntary or involuntary) are instituted, or (vi) an action is brought by Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business, or (vii) an action is instituted by any governmental entity or officer against Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business and such action is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within one hundred thirty (130) days of the date upon which the pleading or other document commencing the action is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, provided that if the action is stayed or its prosecution is enjoined, the one hundred thirty (130) day period is tolled for the duration of the stay or injunction, and provided further, that the Association s Board of Directors may toll or extend the 130 day period at any time prior to its expiration, or (viii) a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of Controlled Affiliate's property or business is appointed or the Controlled Affiliate is ordered dissolved or liquidated. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a declaration or a request for declaration of the existence of a trust over any of the Controlled Affiliate s property or business shall not in itself be deemed to constitute or seek appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for purposes of subparagraphs 7(E)(3)(vii) and 
 (viii) of this Agreement. 
 
 F. Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including any use in its trade name, except to the extent that it continues to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan. 
 
 7 

Exhibit 10.11 

G. Upon termination of this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers to whom it provides products or services under the Licensed Marks pursuant to this Agreement that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and, if directed by the Association s Board of Directors, shall provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by BCBSA. The BCBSA shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 
 H. In the event this Agreement terminates pursuant to 7(B) hereof, upon termination of this Agreement the provisions of Paragraph 7(G) shall not apply and the following provisions shall apply, except that, in the event that Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed by BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of a Controlling Plan and termination of this Agreement is due to a partial termination of such Controlling Plan s license pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x)(ii) of the Blue Cross License Agreement, the notices, national account listing, payment, and audit right listed below shall be applicable solely with respect to the Region and the geographic area for which the Controlling Plan s license to use the Licensed Names and Marks is terminated 
 
 (1) The Controlled Affiliate shall send a notice through the U.S. mails, with first class postage affixed, to all individual and group customers, 
 providers, brokers and agents of products or services sold, marketed, underwritten or administered by the Controlled Affiliate under the Licensed Marks and Name. The form and content of the notice shall be specified by BCBSA and shall, at a minimum, notify the recipient of the termination of the license, the consequences thereof, and instructions for obtaining alternate products or services licensed by BCBSA. This notice shall be mailed within 15 days after termination. 
 
 (2) The Controlled Affiliate shall deliver to BCBSA within five days 
 of a request by BCBSA a listing of national accounts in which the Controlled Affiliate is involved (in a control, participating or servicing capacity), identifying the national account and the Controlled Affiliate s role therein. 
 
 (3) Unless the cause of termination is an event respecting BCBSA 
 stated in paragraph 15(a) or (b) of the Plan s license agreement with BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name, the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans shall be jointly liable for payment to BCBSA of an amount equal to 25 multiplied by the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate provided that if any Plan other than a Controlling Plan is permitted by BCBSA to use marks or names licensed by BCBSA in a geographic area in the Region, the payment for Licensed Enrollees in such geographic area shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and 
 
 8 

Exhibit 10.11 

any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans in such geographic area and the denominator of which is the total number of Licensed Enrollees in such geographic area. Licensed Enrollee means each and every person and covered dependent who is enrolled as an individual or member of a group receiving products or services sold, marketed or administered under marks or names licensed by BCBSA as determined at the earlier of (i) the end of the last fiscal year of the terminated entity which ended prior to termination or (ii) the fiscal year which ended before any transactions causing the termination began. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount payable pursuant to this subparagraph H. (3) shall be due only to the extent that, in BCBSA s opinion, it does not cause the net worth of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans or any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans to fall below 100 of the Health Risk-Based Capital formula, or its equivalent under any successor formula, as set forth in the applicable financial responsibility standards established by BCBSA (provided such equivalent is approved for purposes of this subparagraph by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans) measured as of the date of termination, and adjusted for the value of any transactions not made in the ordinary course of business. This payment shall not be due in connection with transactions exclusively by or among Plans (including the Controlling Plans) or their affiliates, including reorganizations, combinations or mergers, where the BCBSA Board of Directors determines that the license termination does not result in a material diminution in the number of Licensed Enrollees or the extent of their coverage. In the event that the Controlled Affiliate s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, BCBSA shall reimburse the Controlled Affiliate (and or the Controlling Plans or their other Licensed Controlled Affiliates, as the case may be) for payments made under this subparagraph 7.H.(3) only to the extent that such payments exceed the amounts due to BCBSA pursuant to paragraph 7.K. and any costs associated with reestablishing the terminated Controlling Plan s Service Area or the Region, including any payments made by BCBSA to a Plan or Plans (including the other Controlling Plans), or their Licensed Controlled Affiliates, for purposes of replacing the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 (4) BCBSA shall have the right to audit the books and records of 
 the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans to verify compliance with this paragraph 7.H. 
 
 (5) As to a breach of 7.H.(1), (2), (3) or (4), the parties agree that 
 the obligations are immediately enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. As to a breach of 7.H.(1), (2) or (4) by the Controlled Affiliate, the parties agree there is no adequate remedy at law and BCBSA is entitled to obtain specific performance. 

-9- 

Exhibit 10.11 

I. BCBSA shall be entitled to enjoin the Controlled Affiliate or any related party in a court of competent jurisdiction from entry into any transaction which would result in a termination of this Agreement unless a Controlling Plan s license from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Names has been terminated pursuant to 10(d) of such Controlling Plan s license agreement upon the required 6 month written notice. 
 
 J. BCBSA acknowledges that it is not the owner of assets of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 K. In the event this Agreement terminates and is subsequently reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans shall be jointly liable for reimbursing BCBSA the reasonable costs incurred by BCBSA in connection with the termination and the reinstatement or court action, and any associated legal proceedings, including but not limited to outside legal fees, consulting fees, public relations fees, advertising costs, and costs incurred to develop, lease or establish an interim provider network. Any amount due to BCBSA under this subparagraph may be waived in whole or in part by the BCBSA Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 
 
 8. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
 The parties agree that any disputes between or among them or between or among any of them and one or more Plans or Controlled Affiliates of Plans that use in any manner the Blue Cross and Blue Cross Marks and Name are subject to the Mediation and Mandatory Dispute Resolution process attached to and made a part of each Controlling Plan s License from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name as Exhibit 5 as amended from time-to-time, which documents are incorporated herein by reference as though fully set forth herein. 
 
 9. LICENSE FEE 
 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this License determined pursuant to the formula(s) set forth in Exhibit B. 
 
 10. JOINT VENTURE 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between the Controlling Plans and Controlled Affiliate or between either and BCBSA. 
 
 11. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last 
 
 10 

Exhibit 10.11 

known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 
 
 12. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. 
 
 13. SEVERABILITY 
 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such findings shall in no way affect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 
 14. NONWAIVER 
 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 
 14A. VOTING 
 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 
 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 

11 

Exhibit 10.11 

15. GOVERNING LAW 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 
 16. HEADINGS 
 
 The headings inserted in this agreement are for convenience only and shall have no bearing on the interpretation hereof. 

12 

Exhibit 10.11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed and effective as of the date of last signature written below. 

Controlled Affiliate 
 
 By ______________________ 
 
 Date ______________________ 

Controlling Plan 
 
 By ______________________ 
 
 Date _____________________ 

Controlling Plan 
 
 By ______________________ 
 
 Date _____________________ 

BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 
 By ______________________ 
 
 Date _____________________ 

13 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PPO PRODUCTS 
 June 2022 
 
 PREAMBLE 
 
 The standards for licensing Controlled Affiliates for Medicare Advantage PPO Products are established by BCBSA and are subject to change from time-to-time upon the affirmative vote of three-fourths (3 4) of the Plans and three-fourths (3 4) of the total weighted vote. Each Controlling Plan is required to use a standard Controlled Affiliate license form provided by BCBSA and to cooperate fully in assuring that the licensed Controlled Affiliate maintains compliance with the license standards. 
 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that it meets the following requirements 
 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Controlling 
 Plans 
 
 (2) Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to a separate Blue Cross License Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 
 
 (3) The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof 
 
 (b) prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur 
 
 (c) exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate and 

1 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 (iv) take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 Standard 2 - Financial Responsibility 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. 
 
 Standard 3 - State Licensure Certification 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain appropriate and unimpaired licensure and certifications. 

2 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Standard 4 - Certain Disclosures 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall make adequate disclosure in contracting with third parties and in disseminating public statements of 
 
 a. the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield System and 
 b. the independent nature of every licensee. 
 
 Standard 5 - Reports and Records for Controlled Affiliates 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate and or its Controlling Plans shall furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, reports and records relating to these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 Standard 6 - Best Efforts 
 
 During each year, a Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Blue Cross Marks. 
 
 Standard 7 - Participation in Certain National Programs 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall effectively and efficiently participate in certain national programs from time to time as may be adopted by Member Plans for the purposes of providing ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the Controlled Affiliate s service area. 
 
 National program requirements include 
 
 a. Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS) and 
 
 b. Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program. 
 
 Standard 8 - Participation in Master Business Associate Agreement 
 
 Controlled Affiliates shall comply with the terms of the Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees to the extent they perform the functions of a business associate or subcontractor to a business associate, as defined by the Business Associate Agreement. 
 
 Amended as of November 15, 2007 

3 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 ROYALTY FORMULA FOR SECTION 9 OF THE CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENTS 
 APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PPO PRODUCTS 

Controlled Affiliate will pay BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 
 An amount equal to its pro rata share of each Controlling Plan dues payable to BCBSA computed with the addition of the Controlled Affiliate's members using the Marks on regional MAPPO products and related services as reported on the Quarterly Enrollment Report with BCBSA. The payment by each Controlling Plan of its dues to BCBSA, including that portion described in this paragraph, will satisfy the requirement of this paragraph, and no separate payment will be necessary. 

Amended as of June 14, 2007 

4 

Exhibit 10.11 

Exhibit 1C 
 BLUE CROSS 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE PART D PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN PRODUCTS 
 (Adopted by Member Plans at their June 16, 2022 meeting) 
 
 This Agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and________( Controlled Affiliate ), a Controlled Affiliate of the Blue Cross Plan(s), known as ______ Controlling Plans ), each of which is also a Party signatory hereto. 
 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks 
 
 WHEREAS, under the Medicare Modernization Act, companies may apply to and be awarded a contract by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS to offer Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan products in geographic regions designated by CMS (hereafter regional PDP products). 
 
 WHEREAS, some of the CMS-designated regions include the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Plan. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Controlling Plans and Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the BLUE CROSS and BLUE CROSS Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks as service marks and be entitled to use the term BLUE CROSS in a trade name Licensed Name to offer regional PDP products in a region that includes the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Controlling Plan 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to Controlled Affiliate the right to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with, and only in connection with the sale, marketing and administration of regional PDP products and related services. 
 
 This grant of rights is non-exclusive and is limited to the following states 
 _________ (the Region ). Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed 
 
 -1- 

Exhibit 10.11 

Marks and Name in its legal name on the following conditions (i) the legal name must be approved in advance, in writing, by BCBSA (ii) Controlled Affiliate shall not do business outside the Region under any name or mark except business conducted in the Service Area of a Controlling Plan provided that Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed by BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with health care plans and related services in the Service Area of such Controlling Plan and (iii) Controlled Affiliate shall not use the Licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of any name or symbol used to identify itself in any securities market. Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its Trade Name only with the prior, written, consent of BCBSA. 
 
 2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 
 A. Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks and Name only in connection with the licensed services and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in attached Exhibit A as they may be amended by BCBSA from time-to-time. 
 
 B. Controlled Affiliate agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws. 
 
 C. Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by the Controlling Plans or by BCBSA) a report or reports to the Controlling Plans and BCBSA demonstrating Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of this paragraph and the attached Exhibit A. 
 
 D. Controlled Affiliate agrees that the Controlling Plans and or BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 E. As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that it meets the following requirements 
 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Controlling Plans 
 
 (2) Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to a separate Blue Cross License Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 
 
 -2- 

Exhibit 10.11 

(3) The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing Body having not less than 100 voting control thereof 
 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, 
 bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur 
 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names (ii)change the geographic area in which it operates 
 (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 (iv) take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 

-3- 

Exhibit 10.11 

3. SERVICE MARK USE 
 
 A. Controlled Affiliate recognizes the importance of a comprehensive national network of independent BCBSA licensees which are committed to strengthening the Licensed Marks and Name. The Controlled Affiliate further recognizes that its actions within the Region may affect the value of the Licensed Marks and Name nationwide. 
 
 B. Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including but not limited to use of such symbols or words as BCBSA shall specify to protect the Licensed Marks and Name and shall comply with such rules (generally applicable to Controlled Affiliates licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name) relative to service mark use, as are issued from time-to-time by BCBSA. Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks and Name by Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 
 C. Controlled Affiliate may not directly or indirectly use the Licensed Marks and Name in a manner that transfers or is intended to transfer in the Region the goodwill associated therewith to another mark or name, nor may Controlled Affiliate engage in activity that may dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 D. Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with the sale, marketing and administration of regional PDP products and related services. 
 
 4. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall not, directly or indirectly, sublicense, transfer, hypothecate, sell, encumber or mortgage, by operation of law or otherwise, the rights granted hereunder and any such act shall be voidable at the sole option of any Controlling Plan or BCBSA. This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 5. INFRINGEMENT 
 
 Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify the Controlling Plans and the Controlling Plans shall promptly notify BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off that may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks and Name. Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require the Controlling Plans or BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to the Controlling Plans and BCBSA, without charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks and Name by BCBSA. 
 
 -4- 

Exhibit 10.11 

6. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Controlled Affiliate and the Controlling Plans hereby agree to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description (except those arising solely as a result of BCBSA's negligence) that may arise as a result of or related to Controlled Affiliate's rendering of services under the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 7. LICENSE TERM 
 
 A. Except as otherwise provided herein, the license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods unless terminated pursuant to the provisions herein. 
 
 B. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that (i) any one of the Controlling Plans ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks and Name or (ii) pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x) of the Blue Cross License Agreement any one of the Controlling Plans ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Names and Marks in the Region. 
 
 C. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be forthwith terminated by the Controlling Plans or the affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors of BCBSA present and voting at a special meeting expressly called by BCBSA for the purpose on ten (10) days written notice to the Controlling Plans advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Controlling Plans an opportunity to be heard and to present their response to the Board for (1) failure to comply with any applicable minimum capital or liquidity requirement under the quality control standards of this Agreement or (2) failure to comply with the Organization and Governance quality control standard of this Agreement or (3) impending financial insolvency or 
 (4) failure to comply with any of the applicable requirements of Standards 2, 3, 4, or 5 of attached Exhibit A or (5) the pendency of any action instituted against the Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business or seeking the declaration or establishment of a trust for any of its property or business, unless this Controlled Affiliate License Agreement has been earlier terminated under paragraph 7(E) or (6) such other reason as is determined in good faith immediately and irreparably to threaten the integrity and reputation of BCBSA, the Plans (including the Controlling Plans), any other licensee including Controlled Affiliate and or the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 D. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 7(B), 7(C) or 7(E) herein, should Controlled Affiliate fail to comply with the provisions of this Agreement and not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to 
 
 -5- 

Exhibit 10.11 

complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period) BCBSA or the Controlling Plans shall have the right to issue a notice that the Controlled Affiliate is in a state of noncompliance. If a state of noncompliance as aforesaid is undisputed by the Controlled Affiliate or is found to exist by a mandatory dispute resolution panel and is uncured as provided above, BCBSA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of the Agreement or to issue a notice of termination thereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, any disputes as to the termination of this License pursuant to Paragraphs 7(B), 7(C) or 7(E) of this Agreement shall not be subject to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. All other disputes between or among BCBSA, any of the Controlling Plans and or Controlled Affiliate shall be submitted promptly to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. The mandatory dispute resolution panel shall have authority to issue orders for specific performance and assess monetary penalties. 
 Except, however, as provided in Paragraphs 7(B) and 7(E) of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may not be finally terminated for any reason without the affirmative vote of a majority of the present and voting members of the Board of Directors of BCBSA. 
 
 E. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with item 2(E) above 
 
 (2) Appropriate dues, royalties and other payments for Controlled Affiliate pursuant to paragraph 9 hereof, which are the royalties for this License Agreement, are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA or 
 
 (3) Any of the following events occur (i) a voluntary petition shall 
 be filed by Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief, or (ii) an involuntary petition or proceeding shall be filed against Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief and such petition or proceeding is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of the date upon which the petition or other document commencing the proceeding is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, or (iii) an order for relief is entered against Controlled Affiliate in any case under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, or Controlled Affiliate is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent as those terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the State of Illinois by any court of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) Controlled Affiliate makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (v) any government or any government official, office, agency, branch, or unit assumes control of Controlled Affiliate or delinquency proceedings (voluntary or involuntary) are instituted, or (vi) an action is brought by Controlled Affiliate seeking its 
 -6- 

Exhibit 10.11 

dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business, or (vii) an action is instituted by any governmental entity or officer against Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business and such action is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within one hundred thirty (130) days of the date upon which the pleading or other document commencing the action is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, provided that if the action is stayed or its prosecution is enjoined, the one hundred thirty (130) day period is tolled for the duration of the stay or injunction, and provided further, that the Association s Board of Directors may toll or extend the 130 day period at any time prior to its expiration, or (viii) a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of Controlled Affiliate's property or business is appointed or the Controlled Affiliate is ordered dissolved or liquidated. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a declaration or a request for declaration of the existence of a trust over any of the Controlled Affiliate s property or business shall not in itself be deemed to constitute or seek appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for purposes of subparagraphs 7(E)(3)(vii) and (viii) of this Agreement. 
 
 F. Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including any use in its trade name, except to the extent that it continues to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan. 
 
 G. Upon termination of this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers to whom it provides products or services under the Licensed Marks pursuant to this Agreement that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and, if directed by the Association s Board of Directors, shall provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by BCBSA. The BCBSA shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 
 H. In the event this Agreement terminates pursuant to 7(B) hereof, upon termination of this Agreement the provisions of Paragraph 7(G) shall not apply and the following provisions shall apply, except that, in the event that Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed by BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of a Controlling Plan and termination of this Agreement is due to a partial termination of such Controlling Plan s license pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x)(ii) of the Blue Cross 
 
 -7- 

Exhibit 10.11 

License Agreement, the notices, national account listing, payment, and audit right listed below shall be applicable solely with respect to the Region and the geographic area for which the Controlling Plan s license to use the Licensed Names and Marks is terminated 
 
 (1) The Controlled Affiliate shall send a notice through the U.S. mails, with first class postage affixed, to all individual and group customers, providers, brokers and agents of products or services sold, marketed, underwritten or administered by the Controlled Affiliate under the Licensed Marks and Name. The form and content of the notice shall be specified by BCBSA and shall, at a minimum, notify the recipient of the termination of the license, the consequences thereof, and instructions for obtaining alternate products or services licensed by BCBSA. This notice shall be mailed within 15 days after termination. 
 
 (2) The Controlled Affiliate shall deliver to BCBSA within five days 
 of a request by BCBSA a listing of national accounts in which the Controlled Affiliate is involved (in a control, participating or servicing capacity), identifying the national account and the Controlled Affiliate s role therein. 
 
 (3) Unless the cause of termination is an event respecting BCBSA 
 stated in paragraph 15(a) or (b) of the Plan s license agreement with BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name, the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans shall be jointly liable for payment to BCBSA of an amount equal to 25 multiplied by the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate provided that if any Plan other than a Controlling Plan is permitted by BCBSA to use marks or names licensed by BCBSA in a geographic area in the Region, the payment for Licensed Enrollees in such geographic area shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans in such geographic area and the denominator of which is the total number of Licensed Enrollees in such geographic area. Licensed Enrollee means each and every person and covered dependent who is enrolled as an individual or member of a group receiving products or services sold, marketed or administered under marks or names licensed by BCBSA as determined at the earlier of (i) the end of the last fiscal year of the terminated entity which ended prior to termination or (ii) the fiscal year which ended before any transactions causing the termination began. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount payable pursuant to this subparagraph H. (3) shall be due only to the extent that, in BCBSA s opinion, it does not cause the net worth of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans or any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans to fall below 100 of the Health Risk-Based Capital formula, or its equivalent under any successor formula, as set forth in the applicable financial responsibility standards established by BCBSA (provided such equivalent is approved for purposes of this subparagraph by the affirmative vote of three-fourths 
 
 -8- 

Exhibit 10.11 

of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans) measured as of the date of termination, and adjusted for the value of any transactions not made in the ordinary course of business. This payment shall not be due in connection with transactions exclusively by or among Plans (including the Controlling Plans) or their affiliates, including reorganizations, combinations or mergers, where the BCBSA Board of Directors determines that the license termination does not result in a material diminution in the number of Licensed Enrollees or the extent of their coverage. In the event that the Controlled Affiliate s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, BCBSA shall reimburse the Controlled Affiliate (and or the Controlling Plans or their other Licensed Controlled Affiliates, as the case may be) for payments made under this subparagraph 7.H.(3) only to the extent that such payments exceed the amounts due to BCBSA pursuant to paragraph 7.K. and any costs associated with reestablishing the terminated Controlling Plan s Service Area or the Region, including any payments made by BCBSA to a Plan or Plans (including the other Controlling Plans), or their Licensed Controlled Affiliates, for purposes of replacing the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 (4) BCBSA shall have the right to audit the books and records of 
 the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans to verify compliance with this paragraph 7.H. 
 
 (5) As to a breach of 7.H.(1), (2), (3) or (4), the parties agree that 
 the obligations are immediately enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. As to a breach of 7.H.(1), (2) or (4) by the Controlled Affiliate, the parties agree there is no adequate remedy at law and BCBSA is entitled to obtain specific performance. 
 
 I. BCBSA shall be entitled to enjoin the Controlled Affiliate or any related party in a court of competent jurisdiction from entry into any transaction which would result in a termination of this Agreement unless a Controlling Plan s license from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Names has been terminated pursuant to 10(d) of such Controlling Plan s license agreement upon the required 6 month written notice. 
 
 J. BCBSA acknowledges that it is not the owner of assets of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 K. In the event this Agreement terminates and is subsequently reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans shall be jointly liable for reimbursing BCBSA the reasonable costs incurred by BCBSA in connection with the 
 termination and the reinstatement or court action, and any associated legal proceedings, including but not limited to outside legal fees, consulting fees, public relations fees, advertising costs, and costs incurred to develop, lease or establish an interim provider network. Any amount due to BCBSA under this subparagraph may be waived in whole or in part by the BCBSA Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 
 -9- 

Exhibit 10.11 

8. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
 The parties agree that any disputes between or among them or between or among any of them and one or more Plans or Controlled Affiliates of Plans that use in any manner the Blue Cross and Blue Cross Marks and Name are subject to the Mediation and Mandatory Dispute Resolution process attached to and made a part of each Controlling Plan s License from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name as Exhibit 5 as amended from time-to-time, which documents are incorporated herein by reference as though fully set forth herein. 
 
 9. LICENSE FEE 
 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this License determined pursuant to the formula(s) set forth in Exhibit B. 
 
 10. JOINT VENTURE 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between the Controlling Plans and Controlled Affiliate or between either and BCBSA. 
 
 11. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 
 
 12. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. 

-10- 

Exhibit 10.11 

13. SEVERABILITY 
 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such findings shall in no way affect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 
 14. NONWAIVER 
 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 
 14A. VOTING 
 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 
 15. GOVERNING LAW 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 
 16. HEADINGS 
 
 The headings inserted in this agreement are for convenience only and shall have no bearing on the interpretation hereof. 
 
 -11- 

Exhibit 10.11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed and effective as of the date of last signature written below. 

Controlled Affiliate 
 
 By _____________________________ 
 
 Date ___________________________ 

Controlling Plan 
 
 By _____________________________ 
 
 Date ____________________________ 

Controlling Plan 
 
 By _____________________________ 
 
 Date ____________________________ 

BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 
 By _____________________________ 
 
 Date ___________________________ 

-12- 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE 
 PART D PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN PRODUCTS 
 June 2022 
 PREAMBLE 
 The standards for licensing Controlled Affiliates for Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan Products are established by BCBSA and are subject to change from time- to-time upon the affirmative vote of three-fourths (3 4) of the Plans and three-fourths (3 4) of the total weighted vote. Each Controlling Plan is required to use a standard Controlled Affiliate license form provided by BCBSA and to cooperate fully in assuring that the licensed Controlled Affiliate maintains compliance with the license standards. 
 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that it meets the following requirements 
 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Controlling Plans 
 
 (2) Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to a separate Blue Cross License Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 
 
 (3) The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof 
 
 (b) prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur 
 
 (c) exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate and 

-13- 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 
 (iv) take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 Standard 2 - Financial Responsibility 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. 
 
 Standard 3 - State Licensure Certification 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain appropriate and unimpaired licensure and certifications. 

-14- 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 
 Standard 4 - Certain Disclosures 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall make adequate disclosure in contracting with third parties and in disseminating public statements of 
 
 a. the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield System and 
 b. the independent nature of every licensee. 
 
 Standard 5 - Reports and Records for Controlled Affiliates 
 
 A Controlled Affiliate and or its Controlling Plans shall furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, reports and records relating to these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and Controlled Affiliate. 
 
 Standard 6 - Best Efforts 
 
 During each year, a Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Blue Cross Marks. 
 
 Standard 7 - Participation in Master Business Associate Agreement 
 
 Controlled Affiliates shall comply with the terms of the Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees to the extent they perform the functions of a business associate or subcontractor to a business associate, as defined by the Business Associate Agreement. 

-15- 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 ROYALTY FORMULA FOR SECTION 9 OF THE CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENTS 
 APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE PART D PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN PRODUCTS 

Controlled Affiliate will pay BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 
 An amount equal to its pro rata share of each Controlling Plan dues payable to BCBSA computed with the addition of the Controlled Affiliate's members using the Marks on regional PDP products and related services as reported on the Quarterly Enrollment Report with BCBSA. The payment by each Controlling Plan of its dues to BCBSA, including that portion described in this paragraph, will satisfy the requirement of this paragraph, and no separate payment will be necessary. 

Amended as of June 14, 2007 

-16- 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards 
 Page 1 of 5 
 Preamble 
 
 The Membership Standards apply to all organizations seeking to become or to continue as Regular Members of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. Any organization seeking to become a Regular Member must be found to be in substantial compliance with all Membership Standards at the time membership is granted and the organization must be found to be in substantial compliance with all Membership Standards for a period of two (2) years preceding the date of its application. If Membership is sought by an entity which controls or is controlled by one or more Plans, such compliance shall be determined on the basis of compliance by such Plan or Plans. 
 
 The Regular Member Plans shall have authority to interpret these Standards. 
 
 A Regular Member Plan that operates as a Shell Holding Company is defined as an entity that assumes no underwriting risk and has less than 1 of the consolidated enterprise assets (excludes investments in subsidiaries) and less than 5 of the consolidated enterprise net general and administrative expenses. 
 
 A Regular Member Plan that operates as a Hybrid Holding Company is defined as an entity that assumes no underwriting risk and has either more than 1 of the consolidated enterprise assets (excludes investments in subsidiaries) or more than 5 of the consolidated enterprise net general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Standard 1 A Plan shall maintain a governing Board, which shall control the Plan and ensure that the Plan follows appropriate practices of corporate governance. A Plan's Board shall not be controlled by any special interest group, shall make an annual determination that a majority of its directors are independent, and shall act in the best interest of its Corporation and its customers. The Board shall be composed of a majority of persons other than providers of health care services, who shall be known as public members. A public member shall not be an employee of or have a financial interest in a health care provider, nor be a member of a profession which provides health care services. 

Amended as of March 15, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards 
 Page 2 of 5 
 
 Standard 2 A Plan shall furnish to the Association on a timely and accurate basis reports and records relating to compliance with these Standards and the License Agreements between the Association and the Plans. Such reports and records are the following 
 
 A. BCBSA Membership Information Request 
 
 B. Triennial trade name and service mark usage material, including disclosure material under Standard 7 
 
 C. Changes in the governance of the Plan, including changes in a Plan's Charter, Articles of Incorporation, or Bylaws, changes in a Plan's Board composition, or changes in the identity of the Plan's Principal Officers 
 
 D. Written notice to BCBSA as soon as practicable but no later than 30 days after receipt of notice of any litigation filed against the Plan or any of its licensed controlled affiliates that includes allegations or claims that directly reference and seeks to enjoin or otherwise challenge the License Agreements, the structure of the Blue system, exclusive service areas, BCBSA, or any BCBSA rule, regulation, policy or Standard (Qualifying Litigation). 
 
 Notice of Qualifying Litigation to BCBSA must include (1) Name of the Case (2) Case Number (3) Location Where Case Pending and (4) Date Plan Received, and be provided to BCBSA Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. 

Amended as of March 17, 2022 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards 
 Page 3 of 5 
 
 E. Quarterly Financial Report, Semi-annual Health Risk- Based Capital (HRBC) Report as defined by the NAIC, Annual Budget, Annual Certified Audit Report, Insurance Department Examination Report, Annual Statement filed with State Insurance Department (with all attachments), Plan, Subsidiary and Affiliate Report (new version starting for period ended 12 31 20 and thereafter) and 
 
 Plans that are a Shell Holding Company as defined in the Preamble hereto are required to furnish only a calendar year-end Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) Report as defined by the NAIC. 
 
 F. Quarterly Enrollment Report, Quarterly Member Touchpoint Measures Index (MTM) through 12 31 2011, and Semi-annual MTM Index starting 1 1 2012 and thereafter. 
 
 For purposes of MTM reporting only, a Plan shall file a separate MTM report for each Geographic Market. 
 
 Standard 3 A Plan shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill its contractual obligations to its customers. 
 
 Standard 4 A Plan shall be operated in a manner responsive to customer needs and requirements. 
 
 Standard 5 A Plan shall effectively and efficiently participate in each national program as from time to time may be adopted by the Member Plans for the purposes of providing portability of membership between the Plans and ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the Plan's Service Area. 
 
 Such programs are applicable to Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plans, and include 
 
 A. Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS) 
 B. BlueCard Program 
 C. National Account Programs 
 D. Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees, effective April 14, 2003 and 
 E. Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program. 
 Amended as of March 17, 2022 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards 
 Page 4 of 5 
 
 Standard 6 In addition to requirements under the national programs listed in Standard 5 Participation in National Programs, a Plan shall take such action as required to ensure its financial performance in programs and contracts of an inter-Plan nature or where the Association is a party. 
 
 Standard 7 A Plan shall make adequate disclosure in contracting with third parties and in disseminating public statements of (i) the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield System, 
 (ii) the independent nature of every Plan, and (iii) the Plan's financial condition. 
 
 Standard 8 A Plan shall cooperate with the Association's Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of the Plan Performance Response Process and in addressing Plan performance problems identified thereunder. 
 
 Standard 9 A Plan shall obtain a rating of its financial strength from an independent rating agency approved by the Association's Board of Directors for such purpose. 
 
 Standard 10 Notwithstanding any other provision in this License Agreement, during each year, a Plan and its Controlled Affiliate(s) engaged in providing licensable services (excluding Life Insurance and Charitable Foundation Services) shall use their best efforts to promote and build the value of the Blue Cross Marks. 
 
 Standard 11 Neither a Plan nor any Larger Controlled Affiliate shall cause or permit an entity other than a Plan or a Licensed Controlled Affiliate thereof to obtain control of the Plan or Larger Controlled Affiliate or to acquire a substantial portion of its assets related to licensable services. 

Amended as of June 16, 2005 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards 
 Page 5 of 5 
 
 Standard 12 No provider network, or portion thereof, shall be rented or otherwise made available to a National Competitor if the Licensed Marks or Names are used in any way with such network. 
 
 A provider network may be rented or otherwise made available, provided there is no use of the Licensed Marks or Names with respect to the network being rented. 
 
 Standard 13 Each Plan shall operate in a manner to reasonably 1) protect the security and confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and Protected Health Information (PHI) 2) protect the Brands from reputational damage and 3) cooperate with BCBSA and other Plans if a data security incident or data breach occurs. 

Amended as of June 18, 2015 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 3 
 GUIDELINES WITH RESPECT TO USE OF 
 LICENSED NAME AND MARKS IN CONNECTION WITH NATIONAL ACCOUNTS 
 Page 1 of 3 
 
 1. The strength of the Blue Cross Blue Cross National Accounts mechanism, and the continued provision of cost effective, quality health care benefits to National Accounts, are predicated on locally managed provider networks coordinated on a national scale in a manner consistent with effective service to National Account customers and consistent with the preservation of the integrity of the Blue Cross Blue Shield system and the Licensed Marks. These guidelines shall be interpreted in keeping with such ends. 
 
 2. A National Account is an entity with employee and or retiree locations in more than one Plan's Service Area. Unless otherwise agreed, a National Account is deemed located in the Service Area in which the corporate headquarters of the National Account is located. A local plant, office or division headquarters of an entity may be deemed a separate National Account when that local plant, office or division headquarters 1) has employee locations in more than one Service Area, and 2) has independent health benefit decision- making authority for the employees working at such local plant, office or division headquarters and for employees working at other locations outside the Service Area. In such a case, the local plant, office or division headquarters is a National Account that is deemed located in the Service Area in which such local plant, office or division headquarters is located. The Control Plan of a National Account is the Plan in whose Service Area the National Account is located. A participating Par Plan is a Plan in whose Service Area the National Account has employee and or retiree locations, but in which the National Account is not located. In the event that a National Account parent company consolidates health benefit-decision making for itself and its wholly-owned subsidiary companies, the parent company and the subsidiary companies shall be considered one National Account. The Control Plan for such a National Account shall be the Plan in whose Service Area the parent company headquarters is located. 
 
 3. The National Account Guidelines enunciated herein below shall be applicable only with respect to the business of new National Accounts acquired after January 1, 1991. 
 
 4. Control Plans shall utilize National Account identification cards complying with then currently effective BCBSA graphic standards in connection with all National Accounts business to facilitate administration thereof, to minimize subscriber and provider confusion, and to reflect a commitment to cooperation among Plans. 

Amended as of June 12, 2003 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 3 
 Page 2 of 3 
 
 5. Disputes among Plans and or BCBSA as to the interpretation or implementation of these Guidelines or as to other National Accounts issues shall be submitted to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution as provided in the License Agreement. For two years from the effective date of the License Agreement, however, such disputes shall be subject to mediation only, with the results of such mediation to be collected and reported in order to establish more definitive operating parameters for National Accounts business and to serve as ground rules for future binding dispute resolution. 
 
 6. The Control Plan may use the BlueCard Program (as defined by IPPC) to deliver benefits to employees and non-Medicare eligible retirees in a Participating Plan s service area if an alternative arrangement with the Participating Plan cannot be negotiated. The Participating Plan s minimum servicing requirement for those employees and non-Medicare retirees in its service area is to deliver benefits using the BlueCard Program. Account delivery is subject to the policies, provisions and procedures of the BlueCard Program. 
 
 7. For provider payments in a Participating Plan s area (on non-BlueCard claims), payment to the provider may be made by the Participating Plan or the Control Plan at the Participating Plan's option. If the Participating Plan elects to pay the provider, it may not withhold payment of a claim verified by the Control Plan or its designated processor, and payment must be in conformity with service criteria established by the Board of Directors of BCBSA (or an authorized committee thereof) to assure prompt payment, good service and minimum confusion with providers and subscribers. The Control Plan, at the Participating Plan's request, will also assure that measures are taken to protect the confidentiality of the data pertaining to provider reimbursement levels and profiles. 

Amended as of June 14, 1996 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 3 
 Page 3 of 3 
 
 8. The Control Plan, in its financial agreements with a National Account, is expected to reasonably reflect the aggregate amount of differentials passed along to the Control Plan by all Participating Plans in a National Account. 
 
 9. Other than in contracting with health care providers or soliciting such contracts in areas contiguous to a Plan's Service Area in order to serve its subscribers or those of its licensed Controlled Affiliate residing or working in its Service Area, a Control Plan may not use the Licensed Marks and or Name, as a tag line or otherwise, to negotiate directly with providers outside its Service Area. 

Amended as of March 13, 2003 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS AND CERTAIN OTHER USES 
 Page 1 of 14 
 
 1. A Plan and its licensed Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in bidding on and executing a contract to serve a Government Program, and in thereafter communicating with the Government concerning the Program. With respect, however, to such contracts entered into after the 1st day of January, 1991, the Licensed Marks and Name will not be used in communications or transactions with beneficiaries or providers in the Government Program located outside a Plan's Service Area, unless the Plan can demonstrate to the satisfaction of BCBSA's governing body that such a restriction on use of the Licensed Marks and Name will jeopardize its ability to procure the contract for the Government Program. As to both existing and future contracts for Government Programs, Plans will discontinue use of the Licensed Marks and Name as to beneficiaries and Providers outside their Service Area as expeditiously as circumstances reasonably permit. Effective January 1, 1995, except as provided in the first sentence above, all use by a Plan of the Licensed Marks and Name in Government Programs outside of the Plan's Service Area shall be discontinued. Incidental communications outside a Plan's Service Area with resident or former resident beneficiaries of the Plan, and other categories of necessary incidental communications approved by BCBSA, are not prohibited. For purposes of this Paragraph 1, the term Government Programs shall mean Medicare Part A, Medicare Part B and other non-risk government programs. 
 
 2. In connection with activity otherwise in furtherance of the License Agreement, a Plan and its Controlled Affiliates that are licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name in its Service Area pursuant to the Controlled Affiliate License Agreements authorized in clauses a) through c) of Paragraph 2 of the Plan s License Agreement with BCBSA may use the Licensed Marks and Name outside the Plan s Service Area in the following circumstances which are deemed legitimate and necessary and not likely to cause consumer confusion 

2.1 Common Business Communications 
 
 a. sending letterhead, envelopes, and similar items solely for administrative purposes (e.g., not for purposes of marketing, advertising, promoting, selling or soliciting the sale of health care plans and related services) 
 b. distributing business cards other than in marketing and selling 
 
 c. advertising in publications or electronic media solely to persons for employment 
 
 Amended as of June 19, 2014 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 2 of 14 
 
 2.2 Marketing Spillover 
 
 a. advertising in print, electronic or other media which serve, as a substantial market, the Service Area of the Plan or licensed Controlled Affiliate, provided that no Plan or Controlled Affiliate may advertise outside its Service Area on the national broadcast and cable networks and that advertisements in national print media are limited to the smallest regional edition encompassing the Service Area 
 
 b. advertising by direct mail where the addressee's zip code plus 4 includes, at least in part, the Plan's Service Area or that of a licensed Controlled Affiliate 

2.3 Provider Contracting 
 
 a. contracting with health care providers or soliciting such contracts in areas contiguous to the Plan's Service Area in order to serve its subscribers or those of such licensed Controlled Affiliates residing or working in its service area 
 
 b. issuing a small sign containing the legal name or trade name of the Plan or such licensed Controlled Affiliates for display by a provider to identify the latter as a participating provider of the Plan or Controlled Affiliate 
 
 c. negotiating case-specific reimbursement rates with a provider that does not have a contract applicable to a specific member s services rendered or to be rendered with the Licensee (or any of the Licensees in the case of overlapping Service Areas) in whose Service Area the health care provider is located, so long as 
 
 (1) the Licensee engaging in the negotiations complies with all applicable Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions and Brand Regulations related to case-specific rate negotiations, and 
 
 (2) the Licensee (or all Licensees in the case of overlapping Service Areas) in whose Service Area the health care provider is located provides consent before negotiations commence. 
 
 Amended as of January 22, 2019 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 3 of 14 

d. contracting with a pharmacy management organization Pharmacy Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional pharmacy network to provide self-administered prescription drugs to deliver a pharmacy benefit for all of the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s members nationwide, provided, however, that the Pharmacy Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the pharmacy providers in such network 

Amended as of January 22, 2019 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 4 of 14 
 
 e. contracting with the corporate owner of a national or regional retail pharmacy chain to gain access to the pharmacies in the chain to provide self-administered prescription drugs to deliver a pharmacy benefit for all of the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s members nationwide, provided that (1) the Plan and the Controlled Affiliate may not contract directly with pharmacists or pharmacy stores outside the Plan s Service Area, and (2) neither the Plan s or the Controlled Affiliate s name nor the Licensed Marks or Name may be posted or otherwise displayed at or by any pharmacy store outside the Plan s Service Area 
 
 f. contracting with a dental management organization Dental Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional dental network to deliver a routine dental benefit for all of the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s members nationwide, provided, however, that the Dental Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the dental providers in such network 
 
 g. contracting with a vision management organization Vision Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional vision network to deliver a routine vision benefit for all of the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s members nationwide, provided, however, that the Vision Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the vision providers in such network 
 
 h. contracting with an independent clinical laboratory for analysis and clinical assessment of specimens that are collected within the Plan s Service Area 
 
 i. contracting with a durable medical equipment or home medical equipment company for durable medical equipment and supplies and home medical equipment and supplies that are shipped to a location within the Plan s Service Area 
 
 j. contracting with a specialty pharmaceutical company for non- routine biological therapeutics that are ordered by a health care professional located within the Plan s Service Area 
 
 k. contracting with a company that operates provider sites in the Plan s Service Area, provided that the contract is solely for services rendered at a site (e.g., hospital, mobile van) that is within the Plan s Service Area 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 5 of 14 
 
 l. contracting with a company that makes health care professionals available in the Plans Service Area (e.g., traveling home health nurse), provided that the contract is solely for services rendered by health care professionals who are located within the Plan s Service Area. 
 
 m. permitting Control Home Plans ability to resolve members service issues requiring outreach to out-of-area providers as set forth in the Inter-Plan Programs and Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program Policies. 
 
 n. contracting with national telemedicine and virtual healthcare (i.e., telehealth providers) companies nationally for all virtual-only health care services in accordance with Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions. 
 
 2.4 Services to National Accounts 
 
 a. in conjunction with contracting with a National Account as Control Licensee or Alternate Control Licensee (as those terms are defined in the Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions IP Policies )) to offer Blue-branded Health Coverage to the National Account, offering Blue-branded Health and Wellness Programs to all members of the National Account, including members who have not enrolled in the Blue-branded Health Coverage non-Blue Health Coverage members ), provided that 
 
 (i) the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate has no contact or interaction with providers outside of the Plan s Service Area, except as specifically provided in the IP Policies and in 
 2.4 (b) and 
 
 (ii) if in accordance with IP Policies another Licensee is soliciting or servicing under the Brands a local plant, office or division of the account that is outside of the Plan s Service Area, the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate may not offer Blue-branded Health and Wellness Programs to any employees working at such local plant, office or division without the consent of such other Licensee and 
 
 (iii) if the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate provides an information card to the non-Blue Health Coverage members, the card may not display the Symbols in the masthead, must contain a prominent disclosure conveying that it is not a health insurance card, and otherwise must be designed so that it is dissimilar to a Blue member identification card. 

Amended as of June 16, 2022 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 6 of 14 
 
 2.4 Services to National Accounts (continued) 
 
 For purposes of this subparagraph a, the following definitions apply 
 
 Health and Wellness Program shall mean a program that includes at least one of the following elements or a related element 
 
 Health Risk Assessment and or Preventive Screenings 
 Exercise and Fitness Programs 
 Health and Wellness Events (e.g., attendance at a health fair, a 5K walk) 
 Nutrition and Weight Management 
 Health Education (e.g., smoking cessation classes) 
 Prenatal and Parenting Education 
 Disease or Chronic Condition Management 
 
 The above listing is intended to represent examples of the types of programs that may be offered, and other programs, including those offered through different media such as the internet or telephonically, may also be deemed Health and Wellness programs. 
 
 Health Coverage shall mean providing or administering medical, surgical, hospital, major medical, or catastrophic coverage, or any HMO, PPO, POS or other managed care plan for the foregoing services. 
 
 b. as part of a Health and Wellness Program that is otherwise compliant with Brand Regulation 4.11.4(a), contracting with a health and wellness organization to gain access to providers to deliver a discrete health and wellness event Event held at a National Account s worksite outside of the Licensee s Service Area, provided that 
 
 (i) the services delivered at the Event are limited to fingerstick screenings for cholesterol and glucose, seasonal flu immunizations, blood pressure measurements, body mass index measurements, and other routine screenings, immunizations and measurements and 
 
 (ii) neither such services nor their costs are applied as claims against any benefit plan and 
 
 (iii) the Event is presented during one or more limited periods during a benefit year and is available to all employees at the worksite. 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 7 of 14 
 
 c. in conjunction with contracting with a National Account as Control Licensee or Alternate Control Licensee to offer Blue-branded Health Coverage to the National Account, performing the Eligibility and Enrollment functions of HR administration for all benefit plans offered by the National Account to its members, including benefit plans that are not underwritten or administered by the Plan, provided that 
 
 (i) in performing such functions, the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate does not use the Brands in any communications with health care providers outside of the Plan s Service Area, and otherwise limits its use of the Brands outside of the Service Area to communications with the account s members, the other benefit plan providers with which the account has contracted and other reasonably necessary communications to perform such functions and 
 
 (ii) if in accordance with IP Policies another Licensee is soliciting or servicing under the Brands a local plant, office or division of the account that is outside of the Plan s Service Area, the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate may not perform Eligibility and Enrollment functions for employees working at such local plant, office or division without the consent of such other Licensee 
 
 d. in conjunction with contracting with a National Account as Control Licensee or Alternate Control Licensee to perform or investigate fraud, waste and abuse investigation activities for a non- participating provider in a Par Host Plan s service area, as long as the Control Home Plan is given permission to do so by the Par Host Plan and specific conditions are met in accordance with Inter-Plan Programs and Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program policies. 

For purposes of this subparagraph b, the following definitions apply Health Coverage has the meaning set forth in subparagraph 2.4.a. 

Amended September 27, 2018 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 8 of 14 
 
 Eligibility means services that manage the account s eligibility data and determine or process determinations relating to eligibility for benefit plans offered by the account to its employees, including such services as 
 
 monitoring and auditing data to ensure that only entitled individuals are enrolled in each such benefit plan 
 review of eligibility documentation (e.g. marriage licenses, birth certificates, student status verification letters, employment records) 
 identification of key member segments such as over-age dependents, part-time employees, employees reaching certain milestones (e.g. Medicare-eligible, retirees) 
 termination of coverage for those individuals found to be ineligible for coverage under a benefit plan, and, if applicable, generation of a COBRA event and 
 management of hour-banking for union environments in which union members can bank hours to remain eligible for benefits. 
 
 Enrollment means services that enroll eligible individuals and their spouses dependents or terminate or change their enrollment in the account s benefit plans on an ongoing basis and during open enrollment periods, including such services as 
 
 the coordination of each step in open enrollment process from project planning and system set-up to the generation of confirmation statements 
 ongoing enrollment support for new hires and changes due to life events and work status adjustments 
 evidence of insurability (EOI) administration for life and disability coverage 
 transmission of eligibility enrollment information to the account s benefit plan providers 
 review and reconciliation of error reports received from the account s benefit plan providers and 
 transmission of information to the account s payroll system (e.g., benefit deductions, employee demographic data). 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 9 of 14 
 
 2.5 Knowledge Sharing 
 
 a. submitting scholarly articles authored or co-authored by the Plan or Controlled Affiliate or its respective employees for publication in peer-reviewed journals 
 
 b. permitting an internal representative of the Licensee (e.g., officer, employee) to speak or present at a conference or symposium outside of the Licensee s Service Area regarding either (i) healthcare financing, administration, delivery or policy, or (ii) topics within the representative s functional discipline or expertise at the Licensee, for which the event sponsor will issue communications to promote, administer, and or recap the event that will identify the Licensee s representative as a participant. The communications outside of the Licensee s Service Area that mention the Licensee s representative shall be limited to materials and digital media provided to attendees, on-site signage, advertising in relevant trade publications, direct mail and email to attendees and prospective attendees, and the sponsor s website. Participation in any conference or symposium outside of the Licensee s Service Area may not be for the purpose of marketing or selling products or services. 
 
 If the Licensee s representative wishes to use the Brands in any manner, including use in his her title, when participating as a speaker or presenter outside of the Licensee s Service Area about a topic that is not related to healthcare financing, administration, delivery, or policy, or to topics within the representative s functional discipline or expertise at the Licensee, the Licensee must notify BCBSA and receive prior approval from BCBSA before participating 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 10 of 14 
 
 2.6 Other Uses 
 
 a. entering into a license agreement between and among BCBSA, the Plan and a debit card issuer located outside the Plan s Service Area, and entering into a corresponding operating agreement or agreements, in order to offer a debit card bearing the Licensed Marks and Name to eligible persons as defined by the aforementioned license agreement 
 
 b. appearing in communications issued by an independent third party to recognize outstanding performance of the Plan or Controlled Affiliate or a member of the Plan s or Controlled Affiliate s senior management as part of an established program of the third party for which the Plan has provided information to be considered for the recognition, provided that such use complies with regulations of general application specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time 
 
 c. to identify itself as being a joint sponsor of an event, program or activity along with other Plans or such Plans licensed Controlled Affiliates, provided that such use complies with regulations of general application specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time 
 
 d. hosting meetings or events (collectively, events in Washington, 
 D.C. or a Plan s State Capitol related to policy and business issues in the Licensee s Service Area, or hosting events in conjunction with the assemblies or conventions of national political parties. Such events may not involve marketing or selling products or services. Use of the Brands outside the Licensee s Service Area in connection with such events shall be limited to materials and digital media provided to attendees and prospective attendees and onsite signage. For any such events in Washington, D.C. that are open to attendees other than government officials or their staffs, or are briefings open to all Congressional staff, or are otherwise likely to receive media coverage, the Licensee is required to provide advance notice to BCBSA. For events hosted outside of Washington, D.C. in conjunction with the assemblies or conventions of national political parties, the Licensee is required to provide advance notice to BCBSA and to the local Plan(s) 
 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 11 of 14 
 
 e. permitting an affiliate that is not licensed to use the Licensed Marks to identify its corporate relationship with the Plan, provided that such use complies with regulations of general application specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time. 
 
 3. In connection with activity otherwise in furtherance of the License Agreement, a Controlled Affiliate that is licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name pursuant to a Controlled Affiliate License Agreement authorized in clauses d) or e) of Paragraph 2 of the Plan s License Agreement with BCBSA may use the Licensed Marks and Name outside the Region (as that term is defined in such respective Controlled Affiliate License Agreements) in the following circumstances which are deemed legitimate and necessary and not likely to cause consumer confusion 
 
 a. sending letterhead, envelopes, and similar items solely for administrative purposes (e.g., not for purposes of marketing, advertising, promoting, selling or soliciting the sale of health care plans and related services) 
 
 b. distributing business cards other than in marketing and selling 
 
 c. contracting with health care providers or soliciting such contracts in areas contiguous to the Region in order to serve its subscribers residing in the Region, provided that the Controlled Affiliate may not use the names of any of its Controlling Plans in connection with such contracting unless the provider is located in a geographic area that is also contiguous to such Controlling Plan s Service Area 
 
 d. issuing a small sign containing the legal name or trade name of the Controlled Affiliate for display by a provider to identify the latter as a participating provider of the Controlled Affiliate, provided that the Controlled Affiliate may not use the names of any of its Controlling Plans on such signs unless the provider is located in a geographic area that is also contiguous to such Controlling Plan s Service Area 
 e. advertising in publications or electronic media solely to persons for employment 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 12 of 14 

f. advertising in print, electronic or other media which serve, as a substantial market, the Region, provided that the Controlled Affiliate may not advertise outside its Region on the national broadcast and cable networks and that advertisements in national print media are limited to the smallest regional edition encompassing the Region, and provided further that any such advertising by the Controlled Affiliate may not reference the name of any of its Controlling Plans unless the respective Controlling Plan is authorized under paragraph 2 of this Exhibit 4 to advertise in such media 
 
 g. advertising by direct mail where the addressee's zip code plus 4 includes, at least in part, the Region, provided that such advertising by the Controlled Affiliate may not reference the name of any of its Controlling Plans unless the respective Controlling Plan is authorized under paragraph 2 of this Exhibit 4 to send direct mail to such zip code plus 4. 
 
 h. Intentionally left blank, pending review by the Inter-Plan Programs Committee of the applicability of the case management rule to such Controlled Affiliates. 
 
 i. contracting with a pharmacy management organization Pharmacy Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional pharmacy network to provide self-administered prescription drugs to deliver a pharmacy benefit for the Controlled Affiliate s regional Medicare Advantage PPO or regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug members enrolled under the Licensed Marks pursuant to such respective Controlled Affiliate License Agreements, provided, however, that the Pharmacy Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the pharmacy providers in such network 
 
 j. contracting with the corporate owner of a national or regional retail pharmacy chain to gain access to the pharmacies in the chain to provide self-administered prescription drugs to deliver a pharmacy benefit to the Controlled Affiliate s regional Medicare Advantage PPO or regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug members enrolled under the Licensed Marks pursuant to such respective 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 13 of 14 
 
 Controlled Affiliate License Agreements, provided that (1) the Controlled Affiliate may not contract directly with pharmacists or pharmacy stores outside the Region, and (2) neither the Controlled Affiliate s name nor the Licensed Marks or Name may be posted or otherwise displayed at or by any pharmacy store outside the Region 
 
 k. contracting with a dental management organization Dental Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional dental network to deliver a routine dental benefit for the Controlled Affiliate s regional Medicare Advantage PPO members enrolled under the Licensed Marks pursuant to such Controlled Affiliate License Agreement, provided, however, that the Dental Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the dental providers in such network 
 
 l. contracting with a vision management organization Vision Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional vision network to deliver a routine vision benefit for the Controlled Affiliate s regional Medicare Advantage members enrolled under the Licensed Marks pursuant to such Controlled Affiliate License Agreement, provided, however, that the Vision Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the vision providers in such network 
 
 m. contracting with an independent clinical laboratory for analysis and clinical assessment of specimens that are collected within the Controlled Affiliate s Region 
 
 n. contracting with a durable medical equipment or home medical equipment company for durable medical equipment and supplies and home medical equipment and supplies that are shipped to a location within the Controlled Affiliate s Region 
 
 o. contracting with a specialty pharmaceutical company for non- routine biological therapeutics that are ordered by a health care professional located within the Region 
 
 p. contracting with a company that operates provider sites in the Region, provided that the contract is solely for services rendered at a site (e.g., hospital, mobile van) that is within the Region 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 4 
 
 Page 14 of 14 
 
 q. contracting with a company that makes health care professionals available in the Region (e.g., traveling home health nurse), provided that the contract is solely for services rendered by health care professionals who are located within the Region. 
 
 4. BCBSA shall retain the right to use the Licensed Marks in conjunction with the Federal Employee Program and with any other national offering made to federal employees pursuant to the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP), including the right to license such use to its vendors, but only in the following manner. 
 
 a. the Licensed Marks may only be used by BCBSA with the term Federal Employee Program , Federal , FEP , or similar language identifying the program as a benefit program for federal employees 
 
 b. the Licensed Marks may not be used by BCBSA with the name(s) of a specific Plan or Plans and 
 
 c. any use by BCBSA in conjunction with a new national FEHBP program proposed after the enactment of this amendment will require the approval of the BCBSA Board of Directors. 
 
 5. Where required by applicable state or local law or regulation, a Plan or its licensed Controlled Affiliate may submit documents that contain the Brands to, and file forms that contain the Brands with, state or local regulators in a state not included in its Service Area, provided that it gives reasonable advance notice to the local Plan of its intent to submit such documents or file such forms. Notwithstanding, in no event may a Plan or its licensed Controlled Affiliate use the Brands to register, or to obtain or maintain a license, a certificate of authority, or an equivalent document authorizing it to act as a risk-bearing entity or third party administrator in a state not included in its Service Area. If the local Plan advises BCBSA that it believes its License Agreement has been or would be violated by any submission or filing, BCBSA shall determine whether such submission or filing is required by state or local law or regulation and violates the License Agreement, subject to the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s rights to obtain an independent review of such determination under Paragraph 9(a) and Exhibit 5 of its License Agreement or Paragraph 8 of the Controlled Affiliate License. For purposes of this paragraph, local Plan is defined as each Plan whose Service Area includes all or part of the state in which the foregoing applicable state or local law or regulation has been enacted. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 1 of 23 
 
 MEDIATION AND MANDATORY DISPUTE RESOLUTION (MMDR) RULES 
 
 The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plans Plans and the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association BCBSA recognize and acknowledge that the Blue Cross and Blue Shield system is a unique nonprofit and for-profit system offering cost effective health care financing and services. The Plans and BCBSA desire to utilize Mediation and Mandatory Dispute Resolution MMDR to avoid expensive and time-consuming litigation that may otherwise occur in the federal and state judicial systems. Even MMDR should be viewed, however, as methods of last resort, all other procedures for dispute resolution having failed. Except as otherwise provided in the License Agreements, the Plans, their Controlled Affiliates and BCBSA agree to submit all disputes to MMDR pursuant to these Rules and in lieu of litigation. 
 
 1. Initiation of Proceedings 
 
 A. Pre-MMDR Efforts 
 
 Before filing a Complaint to invoke the MMDR process, the CEO of a complaining party, or his her designated representative, shall undertake good faith efforts with the other side(s) to try to resolve any dispute. 
 
 B. Complaint 
 
 To commence a proceeding, the complaining party (or parties) shall provide by certified mail, return receipt requested, a written Complaint to the BCBSA Corporate Secretary (which shall also constitute service on BCBSA if it is a respondent) and to any Plan(s) and or Controlled Affiliate(s) named therein. 
 The Complaint shall contain 
 
 i. identification of the complaining party (or parties) requesting the proceeding 
 
 ii. identification of the respondent(s) 
 
 iii. identification of any other persons or entities who are interested in a resolution of the dispute 
 
 iv. a full statement describing the nature of the dispute 
 
 v. identification of all of the issues that are being submitted for resolution 
 
 Amended as of November 21, 1996 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 2 of 23 
 
 vi. the remedy sought 
 
 vii. a statement as to whether the complaining party (or parties) elect(s) first to pursue Mediation 
 
 viii. any request, if applicable, that the matter be handled on an expedited basis and the reasons therefor and 
 
 ix. a statement signed by the CEO of the complaining party affirming that the CEO has undertaken efforts, or has directed efforts to be undertaken, to resolve the dispute before resorting to the MMDR process. 
 
 The complaining party (or parties) shall file and serve with the Complaint copies of all documents which the party (or parties) intend(s) to offer at the Arbitration Hearing and a statement identifying the witnesses the party (or parties) intend(s) to present at the Hearing, along with a summary of each witness' expected testimony. 
 
 C. Answer 
 
 Within twenty (20) days after receipt of the Complaint, each respondent shall serve on BCBSA and on the complaining party (or parties) 
 
 i. a full Answer to the aforesaid Complaint 
 
 ii. a statement of any Counterclaims against the complaining party (or parties), providing with respect thereto the information specified in Paragraph 1.B., above 
 
 iii. a statement as to whether the respondent elects to first pursue Mediation and 
 
 iv. any request, if applicable, that the matter be handled on an expedited basis and the reasons therefor. 
 
 The respondent(s) shall file and serve with the Answer or by the date of the Initial Conference set forth in Paragraph 3.C., below, copies of all documents which the respondent(s) intend(s) to offer at the Arbitration Hearing and a statement identifying the witnesses the party (or parties) intend(s) to present at the Hearing, along with a summary of each witness' expected testimony. 
 
 Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 3 of 23 

D. Reply To Counterclaim 
 
 Within ten (10) days after receipt of any Counterclaim, the complaining party (or parties) shall serve on BCBSA and on the responding party (or parties), a Reply to the Counterclaim. Such Reply must provide the same information required by Paragraph 1.C., above. 
 
 2. Mediation 

To facilitate the mediation of disputes between or among BCBSA, the Plans and or their Controlled Affiliates, the BCBSA Board has provided for Mediation under these Rules. Mediation may be pursued in lieu of or in an effort to obviate the Mandatory Dispute Resolution process, and all parties are strongly urged, but not required, to exhaust the mediation procedure provided for herein. In the event any party refuses to proceed with Mediation, the parties shall proceed immediately to Mandatory Dispute Resolution, as provided in Section 3. 
 
 A. Selection of Mediators 
 
 If all parties agree to pursue Mediation, they shall promptly attempt to agree upon (i) the number of mediators desired, not to exceed three mediators and (ii) the selection of experienced mediator(s) from an independent entity to mediate all disputes set forth in the Complaint and Answer (and Counterclaim and Reply, if any). In the event the parties are unable to agree upon the selection or number of mediators, both within five (5) days of the service of the Answer or Reply to Counterclaim, whichever is later, the BCBSA Corporate Secretary shall immediately refer the matter to a nationally recognized professional ADR organization (such as CPR or JAMS) for mediation by a single mediator to be selected by the ADR organization. 
 
 B. Binding Decision 
 
 Before the Mediation Hearing described below, the BCBSA Corporate Secretary shall contact the parties to determine whether they wish to be bound by any recommendation of the selected mediator(s) for resolution of the disputes. If all wish to be bound, the Corporate Secretary will send appropriate documentation to them for their signatures before the Mediation Hearing begins. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 4 of 23 

C. Mediation Procedure 
 
 The Mediator(s) shall apply the mediation procedures and processes provided for herein (not the rules of the ADR organization with which they are affiliated) and shall promptly advise the parties of a scheduled Mediation Hearing date. Unless a party requests an expedited procedure, or unless all parties to the proceeding agree to one or more extensions of time, the Mediation Hearing set forth below shall be completed within forty (40) days of BCBSA's receipt of the Complaint. The selected mediator(s), unless the parties otherwise agree, shall adhere to the following procedure 
 
 i. Each party must be represented by its CEO or other representative who has been delegated full authority to resolve the dispute. However, parties may send additional representatives as they see fit. 
 
 ii. Each party will be given one-half hour to present its case, beginning with the complaining party (or parties), followed by the other party or parties. The parties are free to structure their presentations as they see fit, using oral statements or direct examination of witnesses. However, neither cross-examination nor questioning of opposing representatives will be permitted. At the close of each presentation, the selected mediator(s) will be given an opportunity to ask questions of the presenters and witnesses. All parties must be present throughout the Mediation Hearing. The selected mediator(s) may extend the time allowed for each party's presentation at the Mediation Hearing. The selected mediator(s) may meet in executive session, outside the 
 presence of the parties, or may meet with the parties separately, to discuss the controversy. 
 
 iii. After the close of the presentations, the parties will attempt to negotiate a settlement of the dispute. If the parties desire, the selected mediator(s), or any one or more of the selected mediators, will sit in on the negotiations. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 5 of 23 
 
 iv. After the close of the presentations, the selected mediator(s) may meet privately to agree upon a recommendation for resolution of the dispute which would be submitted to the parties for their consideration and approval. If the parties have previously agreed to be bound by the results of this procedure, this recommendation shall be binding upon the parties. 
 
 v. The purpose of the Mediation Hearing is to assist the parties to settle their grievances short of mandatory dispute resolution. As a result, the Mediation Hearing has been designed to be as informal as possible. Rules of evidence shall not apply. There will be no transcript of the proceedings, and no party may make a tape recording of the Mediation Hearing. 
 
 vi. In order to facilitate a free and open discussion, the Mediation proceeding shall remain confidential. A Stipulation to Confidentiality which prohibits future use of settlement offers, all position papers or other statements furnished to the selected mediator(s), and decisions or recommendations in any Mediation proceeding shall be executed by each party. 
 
 vii. Upon request of the selected mediator(s), or one of the parties, BCBSA staff may also submit documentation at any time during the proceedings. 
 
 D. Notice of Termination of Mediation 
 
 If the Mediation cannot be completed within the prescribed or agreed time period due to the lack of cooperation of any party, as determined by the selected mediator(s), or if the Mediation does not result in a final resolution of all disputes at the Mediation Hearing or within ten (10) days after the Mediation Hearing, any party or any one of the selected mediators shall so notify the BCBSA Corporate Secretary, who shall promptly issue a Notice of Termination of Mediation to all parties, to the selected mediator(s), and to the MDR Administrator. Such notice shall serve to bring the Mediation to an end and to initiate Mandatory Dispute Resolution. Upon agreement of all parties and the mediator(s), the Mediation process may continue at the same time the MDR process is invoked. In such case, the Notice of Termination of Mediation described above serves to initiate the MDR proceeding, but does not terminate mediation proceedings, which may proceed simultaneous with the MDR proceeding. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 6 of 23 
 
 3. Mandatory Dispute Resolution (MDR) 
 
 If any party elects not to first pursue Mediation, or if a Notice of Termination of Mediation is issued as set forth in Paragraph 2.D., above, then the unresolved disputes set forth in any Complaint and Answer (and Counterclaim and Reply, if any) shall be subject to mandatory binding arbitration (herein referred to as MDR ). 
 
 A. MDR Administrator 
 
 The Administrator for purposes of Mandatory Arbitration shall be an independent nationally recognized entity such as CPR or JAMS, specializing in alternative dispute resolution. In the event the parties pursued Mediation with CPR, JAMS or a similar organization, that organization also shall serve as the MDR Administrator, unless all parties notify the BCBSA Corporate Secretary in writing within two (2) days of receiving the Notice of Termination of Mediation that they wish to pursue MDR with another nationally recognized organization serving as MDR Administrator. 
 
 In the event the parties (i) did not pursue Mediation, (ii) pursued mediation with a Mediator not affiliated with an ADR organization that offers a panel of arbitrators, or (iii) all parties that pursued Mediation notified the BCBSA Corporate Secretary that they wish to have an MDR Administrator that is different from the organization with which their mediator was affiliated, they shall promptly attempt to agree on a nationally recognized ADR entity that supplies a panel of arbitrators. If they reach such agreement within five (5) days of the Notice of Termination of Mediation or receipt of the Answer or Reply to Counterclaim (whichever is later), the parties shall promptly inform the BCBSA Corporate Secretary of their agreed upon ADR organization. In the event the parties are unable to reach agreement on an MDR Administrator within that timeframe, the BCBSA Corporate Secretary shall immediately refer the matter to CPR, JAMS or a similar organization for MDR. 
 
 Any person who served as a Mediator shall not serve as an arbitrator for the same or similar dispute for purposes of MDR. 
 
 B. Rules for MDR 
 
 The rules controlling all aspects of MDR shall be exclusively those provided for herein. The rules promulgated or otherwise used by the MDR Administrator organization shall not apply. 
 
 Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 7 of 23 
 
 C. Initial Conference 
 
 Within seven (7) days after a Notice of Termination has issued or the matter has otherwise been referred to an MDR Administrator, or within five (5) days after the time for filing and serving the Answer or Reply to any Counterclaim (whichever is later) if the parties elect first not to mediate, the parties shall confer with the Administrator to discuss selecting a dispute resolution panel the Panel ). This conference (the Initial Conference may be by telephone. The parties are encouraged to agree to the composition of the Panel and to present that agreement to the Administrator at the Initial Conference. If the parties do not agree on the composition of the Panel by the time of the Initial Conference, or by any extension thereof agreed to by all parties and the Administrator, then the Panel Selection Process set forth in subparagraph D, below, shall be followed. 
 
 D. Panel Selection Process 
 
 The Administrator shall designate, prior to the Initial Conference, at least seven potential arbitrators. Each party shall be permitted to strike any designee for cause and the Administrator shall determine the sufficiency thereof in its sole discretion. The Administrator will designate a replacement for any designee so stricken. Each party shall then be permitted one peremptory strike from the list of designees. The Administrator shall set the dates for exercising all strikes, which shall be set to encourage the prompt selection of arbitrators. 
 
 After the parties exercise any designee strikes for cause and their peremptory strike against any designee of their choice, the parties shall each rank the remaining panel members in order of preference and provide the Administrator, without serving on any other party, their ranked list. The Administrator shall not disclose any party s ranked list to members of the panel or to other parties. 
 
 From the remaining designees, and after considering opportunities to maximize, so far as possible, the collectively stated arbitrator preferences provided by the parties on their ranked lists, the Administrator shall select a three member Panel. The Panel Selection Process shall be completed no later than ten (10) days after the Initial Conference. 
 
 Each Arbitrator shall be compensated at his or her normal hourly rate or, in the absence of an established rate, at a reasonable hourly rate to be promptly fixed by the Administrator for all time spent in connection with the proceedings and shall be reimbursed for any travel and other reasonable expenses. 
 
 Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 8 of 23 
 
 E. Duties Of The Arbitrators 
 
 The Panel shall promptly designate a Presiding Arbitrator for the purposes reflected below, but shall retain the power to review and modify any ruling or other action of said Presiding Arbitrator. Each Arbitrator shall be an independent Arbitrator, shall be governed by the Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes and shall at or prior to the commencement of any Arbitration Hearing take an oath to that effect. Each Arbitrator shall promptly disclose in writing to the Panel and to the parties any circumstances, whenever arising, that might cause doubt as to such Arbitrator's compliance, or ability to comply, with said Code of Ethics, and, absent resignation by such Arbitrator, the remaining Arbitrators shall determine in their sole discretion whether the circumstances so disclosed constitute grounds for disqualification and for replacement. With respect to such circumstances arising or coming to the attention of a party after an Arbitrator's selection, a party may likewise request the Arbitrator's resignation or a determination as to disqualification by the remaining Arbitrators. With respect to a sole Arbitrator, the determination as to disqualification shall be made by the Administrator. 
 
 There shall be no ex parte communication between the parties or their counsel and any member of the Panel. 
 
 F. Panel's Jurisdiction And Authority 
 
 The Panel's jurisdiction and authority shall extend to all disputes between or among the Plans, their Controlled Affiliates, and or BCBSA, except for those disputes excepted from these MMDR procedures as set forth in the License Agreements. 
 
 With the exception of punitive or treble damages, the Panel shall have full authority to award the relief it deems appropriate to resolve the parties' disputes, including monetary awards and injunctions, mandatory or prohibitory. The Panel has no authority to award punitive or treble damages except that the Panel may allocate or assess responsibility for punitive or treble damages assessed by another tribunal. Subject to the above limitations, the Panel may, by way of example, but not of limitation 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 9 of 23 
 
 i. interpret or construe the meaning of any terms, phrase or provision in any license between BCBSA and a Plan or a Controlled Affiliate relating to the use of the BLUE CROSS or BLUE SHIELD service marks. 
 
 ii. determine whether BCBSA, a Plan or a Controlled Affiliate has violated the terms or conditions of any license between the BCBSA and a Plan or a Controlled Affiliate relating to the use of the BLUE CROSS or BLUE SHIELD service marks. 
 
 iii. decide challenges as to its own jurisdiction. 
 
 iv. issue such orders for interim relief as it deems appropriate pending Hearing and Award in any Arbitration. 
 
 It is understood that the Panel is expected to resolve issues based on governing principles of law, preserving to the maximum extent legally possible the continued integrity of the Licensed Marks and the BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD system. The Panel shall apply federal law to all issues which, if asserted in the United States District Court, would give rise to federal question jurisdiction, 28 U.S.C. 1331. The Panel shall apply Illinois law to all issues involving interpretation, performance or construction of any License Agreement or Controlled Affiliate License Agreement unless the agreement otherwise provides. As to other issues, the Panel shall choose the applicable law based on conflicts of law principles of the State of Illinois. 
 
 G. Administrative Conference 
 
 Within five (5) days of the Panel being selected, the Presiding Arbitrator shall confer with the parties and the other members of the Panel and shall schedule, in writing, a conference in which the parties and the Panel shall participate (the Administrative Conference ). The Administrative Conference shall take place no later than fifteen (15) days after the Panel is selected. At the Administrative Conference the parties and the Panel shall discuss the scheduling of the Arbitration Hearing and any other matter appropriate to be considered, including but not limited to any written discovery in the form of requests for production of documents or requests to admit facts the identity of any witness whose deposition a party may desire and a showing of exceptional good cause for the taking of any such deposition the desirability of bifurcation or other separation of the issues the need for and the type of record of conferences and hearings, including the need for transcripts the need for expert witnesses and 
 
 Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 10 of 23 
 
 how expert testimony should be presented the appropriateness of motions to dismiss and or for full or partial summary judgment consideration of stipulations the desirability of presenting any direct testimony in writing and the necessity for any on-site inspection by the Panel. If the parties agree, the Administrative Conference may be by telephone. 
 
 H. Discovery 
 
 i. Requests for Production of Documents All requests for the production of documents must be served no later than five (5) days after the date of the Initial Conference. Within twenty (20) days after receipt of a request for production of documents, a party shall (a) serve responses and objections to the request, 
 (b) produce all responsive, non-privileged documents to the requesting party, and (c) to the extent any responsive documents are withheld on the grounds of attorney-client privilege or work product, produce a log identifying such documents in the manner specified in Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(5). If, after reviewing a privilege log, the requesting party believes attorney-client privilege or work product protection was improperly claimed by the producing party with respect to any document, the requesting party may ask the Presiding Arbitrator to conduct an in-camera inspection of the same. With respect to documentary and other discovery produced in any MDR proceeding by BCBSA, the fact that a party s CEO or other senior officers may serve on the BCBSA Board of Directors, BCBSA Board Committees or other BCBSA work groups, task forces and the like, shall not be a basis for defeating an otherwise valid claim of attorney-client privilege or work product protection over such documentary or other discovery materials by BCBSA. 
 
 ii. Requests for Admissions Requests for Admissions may be served up to twenty-one (21) days prior to the discovery cut-off set by the Presiding Arbitrator. A party served with Requests For Admissions must respond within twenty (20) days of receipt of said request. The good faith use of and response to Requests for Admissions is encouraged, and the Panel shall have full discretion, with reference to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, in awarding appropriate sanctions with respect to abuse of the procedure. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 11 of 23 
 
 iii. Depositions As a general rule, the parties will not be permitted to take party or non-party deposition testimony for discovery purposes. The Presiding Arbitrator, in his or her sole discretion, shall have the authority to permit a party to take such deposition testimony upon a showing of exceptional good cause. The parties will be permitted to take de bene esse deposition 1 testimony to the fullest extent permitted by law of any witness who cannot be compelled to testify at the Arbitration Hearing. No deposition, for discovery purposes or otherwise, shall exceed three (3) hours, excluding objections and colloquy of counsel. Depositions may be recorded in any manner recognized by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the parties shall specify in each notice of deposition or request for permission to take deposition testimony the manner in which such deposition shall be recorded. 
 
 iv. Expert witness(es) If a party intends to present the testimony of an expert witness during the oral hearing, it shall provide all other parties with a written statement setting forth the information required to be provided by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2) 
 (B) ten (10) days prior to the discovery cut-off set by the Presiding Arbitrator. If a party intends to present the testimony of a rebuttal expert witness during the Arbitration Hearing, it shall provide all other parties with a written statement setting forth the information required to be provided by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2)(B) within twenty (20) days after the date on which the written statement of the expert witness whose testimony is to be rebutted was produced. 
 
 v. Discovery cut-off The Presiding Arbitrator shall determine the date on which the discovery period will end, but the discovery period shall not exceed thirty (30) days from the date of the Administrative Conference without the agreement of all parties. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

1 As used in these Rules, de bene esse deposition means a deposition that is not taken for discovery purposes, but is taken for the purpose of reading part or all of the deposition transcript into the record at the Arbitration Hearing, to the extent permitted by the Panel, because the witness cannot be compelled to testify at the Arbitration Hearing or has exercised a right provided under these Rules to provide deposition testimony in lieu of testimony at the Arbitration Hearing. 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 12 of 23 
 
 vi. Additional discovery Any additional discovery will be at the discretion of the Presiding Arbitrator. 
 
 vii. Discovery Disputes Any discovery disputes shall be raised by motion to the Presiding Arbitrator, who is authorized to resolve all such disputes, and whose resolution will be binding on the parties unless modified by the Arbitration Panel. Prior to raising any discovery dispute with the Presiding Arbitrator, the parties shall meet and confer, telephonically or in person, in an attempt to resolve or narrow the dispute. If a party refuses to comply with a decision resolving a discovery dispute, the Panel, in keeping with Fed. R. Civ. P. 37, may refuse to allow that party to support or oppose designated claims or defenses, prohibit that party from introducing designated matters into evidence or, in extreme cases, decide an issue submitted for resolution adversely to that party. 
 
 viii. Extensions The time for responding to discovery requests may be extended by the Presiding Arbitrator for good and sufficient cause shown. Any request for such an extension shall be made in writing. 
 
 I. Panel Suggested Settlement Mediation 
 
 At any point during the proceedings, the Panel at the request of any party or on its own initiative, may suggest that the parties explore settlement and that they do so at or before the conclusion of the Arbitration Hearing, and the Panel shall give such assistance in settlement negotiations as the parties may request and the Panel may deem appropriate. Alternatively, the Panel may direct the parties to endeavor to mediate their disputes as provided above, or to explore a mini-trial proceeding, or to have an independent party render a neutral evaluation of the parties respective positions. The Panel shall enter such sanctions as it deems appropriate with respect to any party failing to pursue in good faith such Mediation or other alternate dispute resolution methods. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 13 of 23 

J. Subpoenas on Third Parties 
 
 Pursuant to, and consistent with, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 9 et seq ., and subject to Paragraph 3.G(iii) above, a party may request the issuance of a subpoena on any third party, including but not limited to any third party Blue Plan or any officer, employee or director of a third party Blue Plan, to compel deposition testimony or the production of documents, and, if good and sufficient cause is shown, the Panel shall issue such a subpoena. 
 
 K. Arbitration Hearing 
 
 An Arbitration Hearing will be held within thirty (30) days after the Administrative Conference if no discovery is taken, or within thirty (30) days after the close of discovery, unless all parties and the Panel agree to extend the Arbitration Hearing date, or unless the parties agree in writing to waive the Arbitration Hearing. The parties may mutually agree on the location of the Arbitration Hearing. If the parties fail to agree, the Arbitration Hearing shall be held in Chicago, Illinois, or at such other location determined by the Presiding Arbitrator to be most convenient to the participants. The Panel will determine the date(s) and time(s) of the Arbitration Hearing(s) after consultation with all parties and shall provide reasonable notice thereof to all parties or their representatives. 
 
 L. Arbitration Hearing Memoranda 
 
 Twenty (20) days prior to the Arbitration Hearing, each party shall submit to the other party (or parties) and to the Panel an Arbitration Hearing Memorandum which sets forth the applicable law and any argument as to any relevant issue. The Arbitration Hearing Memorandum will supplement, and not repeat, the allegations, information and documents contained in or with the Complaint, Answer, Counterclaim and Reply, if any. Ten (10) days prior to the Arbitration Hearing, each party shall submit to each other party a list of all expert and fact witnesses (but not including rebuttal fact witness) that such party intends to have testify at the Arbitration Hearing and a brief summary of the testimony each such witness is expected to give. In addition, no later than five (5) days prior to the Arbitration, each party may submit to each other party and to the Panel a Response Arbitration Hearing Memorandum which sets forth any response to another party's Arbitration Hearing Memorandum. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 14 of 23 
 
 M. Notice For Testimony 
 
 Ten (10) days prior to the Arbitration Hearing, any party may serve a Notice on any other party (or parties) requesting the attendance at the Arbitration Hearing of any officer, employee or director of the other party (or parties) for the purpose of providing noncumulative testimony. If a party fails to produce one of its officers, employees or directors whose noncumulative testimony during the Arbitration Hearing is reasonably requested by an adverse party, the Panel may refuse to allow that party to support or oppose designated claims or defenses, prohibit that party from introducing designated matters into evidence or, in extreme cases, decide an issue submitted for mandatory dispute resolution adversely to that party provided, however, that a party may refuse to produce a director to testify if, within two (2) days of receiving a notice requesting the attendance of such director at the Arbitration Hearing, the party agrees to make the director available for a de bene esse deposition at a mutually convenient time at any location within fifty (50) miles of the director s primary residence chosen by the party requesting the director s testimony. This Rule may not be used for the purpose of burdening or harassing any party, and the Presiding Arbitrator may impose such orders as are appropriate so as to prevent or remedy any such burden or harassment. 
 
 Pursuant to, and consistent with, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 9 et seq. , twenty (20) days or more prior to the Arbitration Hearing, a party may request the issuance of a subpoena on any third party, including but not limited to any third party Blue Plan, BCBSA or any officer, employee or director of a third party Blue Plan or BCBSA for the purpose of providing noncummulative testimony at the Arbitration Hearing, and, if good and sufficient cause is shown, the Panel shall issue such a subpoena provided however, that a director of a third party Blue Plan or BCBSA may refuse to testify if, within two (2) days of receiving a subpoena requesting the attendance of such director at the Arbitration Hearing, the director agrees to make him herself available for a de bene esse deposition at a mutually convenient time at any location within fifty 
 (50) miles of the director s primary residence chosen by the party requesting the director s testimony. Each Blue Plan agrees to waive, on its own behalf and on behalf of its directors and officers, any objection it otherwise might have to any such subpoena based on service, venue or extraterritoriality. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 15 of 23 

N. Arbitration Hearing Procedures 
 
 i. Attendance at Arbitration Hearing Any person having a direct interest in the proceeding is entitled to attend the Arbitration Hearing. The Presiding Arbitrator shall otherwise have the power to require the exclusion of any witness, other than a party or other essential person, during the testimony of any other witness. It shall be discretionary with the Presiding Arbitrator to determine the propriety of the attendance of any other person. 
 
 ii. Confidentiality The Panel and all parties shall maintain the privacy of the Arbitration Proceeding. The parties and the Panel shall treat the Arbitration Hearing and any discovery or other proceedings or events related thereto, including any award resulting therefrom, as confidential except as otherwise necessary in connection with a judicial challenge to or enforcement of an award or unless otherwise required by law. 
 
 iii. Stenographic Record Any party, or if the parties do not object, the Panel, may request that a stenographic or other record be made of any Arbitration Hearing or portion thereof. The costs of the recording and or of preparing the transcript shall be borne by the requesting party and by any party who receives a copy thereof. If the Panel requests a recording and or a transcript, the costs thereof shall be borne equally by the parties. 
 
 iv. Oaths The Panel may require witnesses to testify under oath or affirmation administered by any duly qualified person and, if requested by any party, shall do so. 
 
 v. Order of Arbitration Hearing An Arbitration Hearing shall be opened by the recording of the date, time, and place of the Arbitration Hearing, and the presence of the Panel, the parties, and their representatives, if any. The Panel may, at the beginning of the Arbitration Hearing, ask for statements clarifying the issues involved. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 16 of 23 

Unless otherwise agreed, the complaining party (or parties) shall then present evidence to support their claim(s). The respondent(s) shall then present evidence supporting their defenses and Counterclaims, if any. The complaining party (or parties) shall then present evidence supporting defenses to the Counterclaims, if any, and rebuttal. 
 
 Witnesses for each party shall submit to questions by adverse parties and or the Panel. 
 
 The Panel has the discretion to vary these procedures, but shall afford a full and equal opportunity to all parties for the presentation of any material and relevant evidence. 
 
 vi. Evidence The parties may offer such evidence as is relevant and material to the dispute and shall produce such evidence as the Panel may deem necessary to an understanding and resolution of the dispute. Unless good cause is shown, as determined by the Panel or agreed to by all other parties, no party shall be permitted to offer evidence at the Arbitration Hearing which was not disclosed prior to the Arbitration Hearing by that party. The Panel may receive and consider the evidence of witnesses by affidavit upon such terms as the Panel deems appropriate. 
 
 The Panel shall be the judge of the relevance and materiality of the evidence offered, and conformity to legal rules of evidence, other than enforcement of the attorney-client privilege and the work product protection, shall not be necessary. The Federal Rules of Evidence shall be considered by the Panel in conducting the Arbitration Hearing but those rules shall not be controlling. All evidence shall be taken in the presence of the Panel and all of the parties, except where any party is in default or has waived the right to be present. 
 
 Settlement offers by any party in connection with Mediation or MDR proceedings, decisions or recommendations of the selected mediators, and a party's position papers or statements furnished to the selected mediators shall not be admissible evidence or considered by the Panel without the consent of all parties. 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 17 of 23 
 
 vii. Closing of Arbitration Hearing The Presiding Arbitrator shall specifically inquire of all parties whether they have any further proofs to offer or witnesses to be heard. Upon receiving negative replies or if he or she is satisfied that the record is complete, the Presiding Arbitrator shall declare the Arbitration Hearing closed with an appropriate notation made on the record. Subject to being reopened as provided below, the time within which the Panel is required to make the award shall commence to run, in the absence of contrary agreement by the parties, upon the closing of the Arbitration Hearing. 
 
 With respect to complex disputes, the Panel may, in its sole discretion, defer the closing of the Arbitration Hearing for a period of up to thirty (30) days after the presentation of proofs in order to permit the parties to submit post-hearing briefs and argument, as the Panel deems appropriate, prior to making an award. 
 
 For good cause, the Arbitration Hearing may be reopened for up to thirty (30) days on the Panel's initiative, or upon application of a party, at any time before the award is made 
 
 O. Awards 
 
 An Award must be in writing and shall be made promptly by the Panel and, unless otherwise agreed by the parties or specified by law, no later than thirty (30) days from the date of closing the Arbitration Hearing. If all parties so request, the Award shall contain findings of fact and conclusions of law. The Award, and all other rulings and determinations by the Panel, may be by a majority vote. 
 
 Parties shall accept as legal delivery of the Award the placing of the Award or a true copy thereof in the mail addressed to a party or its representative at its last known address or personal service of the Award on a party or its representative. 
 
 Awards are binding only on the parties to the Arbitration and are not binding on any non-parties to the Arbitration and may not be used or cited as precedent in any other proceeding. 
 
 Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 18 of 23 
 
 After the expiration of twenty (20) days from initial delivery, the Award (with corrections, if any) shall be final and binding on the parties, and the parties shall undertake to carry out the Award without delay. 
 
 Proceedings to confirm, modify or vacate an Award shall be conducted in conformity with and controlled by the Federal Arbitration Act. 9 U.S.C. 1, et seq . 
 
 P. Return of Documents 
 
 Within sixty (60) days after the Award and the conclusion of any judicial proceedings with respect thereto, each party and the Panel shall return any documents produced by any other party, including all copies thereof. If a party receives a discovery request in any other proceeding which would require it to produce any documents produced to it by any other party in a proceeding hereunder, it shall not produce such documents without first notifying the producing party and giving said party reasonable time to respond, if appropriate, to the discovery request. 
 
 4. Miscellaneous 
 
 A. Expedited Procedures 
 
 Any party to a Mediation may direct a request for an expedited Mediation Hearing to the Chairman of the Mediation Committee, to the selected Mediators, and to all other parties at any time. The Chairman of the Mediation Committee, or at his or her direction, the then selected Mediators, shall grant any request which is supported by good and sufficient reasons. If such a request is granted, the Mediation shall be completed within as short a period as practicable, as determined by the Chairman of the Mediation Committee or, at his or her direction, the then selected Mediators. 
 
 Any party to an Arbitration may direct a request for expedited proceedings to the Administrator, to the Panel, and to all other parties at any time. The Administrator, or the Presiding Arbitrator if the Panel has been selected, shall grant any such request which is supported by good and sufficient reasons. If such a request is granted, the Arbitration shall be completed within as short a time as practicable, as determined by the Administrator and or the Presiding Arbitrator. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 19 of 23 

B. Temporary or Preliminary Injunctive Relief 
 
 Any party may seek temporary or preliminary injunctive relief with the filing of a Complaint or at any time thereafter. If such relief is sought prior to the time that an Arbitration Panel has been selected, then the Administrator shall select a single Arbitrator who is a lawyer who has no interest in the subject matter of the dispute, and no connection to any of the parties, to hear and determine the request for temporary or preliminary injunction. If such relief is sought after the time that an Arbitration Panel has been selected, then the Arbitration Panel will hear and determine the request. The request for temporary or preliminary injunctive relief will be determined with reference to the temporary or preliminary injunction standards set forth in Fed. R. Civ. P. 65. 
 
 C. Defaults and Proceedings in the Absence of a Party 
 
 Whenever a party fails to comply with the MDR Rules in a manner deemed material by the Panel, the Panel shall fix a reasonable time for compliance and, if the party does not comply within said period, the Panel may enter an Order of default or afford such other relief as it deems appropriate. 
 Arbitration may proceed in the event of a default or in the absence of any party who, after due notice, fails to be present or fails to obtain an extension. An Award shall not be made solely on the default or absence of a party, but the Panel shall require the party who is present to submit such evidence as the Panel may require for the making of findings, determinations, conclusions, and Awards. 
 
 D. Notice 
 
 Each party shall be deemed to have consented that any papers, notices, or process necessary or proper for the initiation or continuation of a proceeding under these rules or for any court action in connection therewith may be served on a party by mail addressed to the party or its representative at its last known address or by personal service, in or outside the state where the MDR proceeding is to be held. 
 
 The Corporate Secretary and the parties may also use facsimile transmission, telex, telegram, or other written forms of electronic communication to give the notices required by these rules. 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 20 of 23 
 
 E. Expenses 
 
 The expenses of witnesses shall be paid by the party causing or requesting the appearance of such witnesses. All expenses of the MDR proceeding, including compensation, required travel and other reasonable expenses of the Panel, and the cost of any proof produced at the direct request of the Panel, shall be borne equally by the parties and shall be paid periodically on a timely basis, unless they agree otherwise or unless the Panel in the Award assesses such expenses, or any part thereof against any party (or parties). In exceptional cases, the Panel may award reasonable attorneys' fees as an item of expense, and the Panel shall promptly determine the amount of such fees based on affidavits or such other proofs as the Panel deems sufficient. 
 
 F. Disqualification or Disability of A Panel Member 
 
 In the event that any Arbitrator of a Panel with more than one Arbitrator should become disqualified, resign, die, or refuse or be unable to perform or discharge his or her duties after the commencement of MDR but prior to the rendition of an Award, and the parties are unable to agree upon a replacement, the remaining Panel member(s) 
 
 i. shall designate a replacement, subject to the right of any party to challenge such replacement for cause. 
 
 ii. shall decide the extent to which previously held hearings shall be repeated. 
 
 If the remaining Panel members consider the proceedings to have progressed to a stage as to make replacement impracticable, the parties may agree, as an alternative to the recommencement of the Mandatory Dispute Resolution process, to resolution of the dispute by the remaining Panel members. 
 
 In the event that a single Arbitrator should become disqualified, resign, die, or refuse or be unable to perform or discharge his or her duties after the commencement of MDR but prior to the rendition of an Award, and the parties are unable to agree upon a replacement, the Administrator shall appoint a successor, subject to the right of any party to challenge such successor for cause, and the successor shall decide the extent to which previously held proceedings shall be repeated. 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 21 of 23 

G. Extensions of Time 
 
 Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 3.H.(viii.), any time limit set forth in these Rules may be extended upon agreement of the parties and approval of (1) the Mediator if the proceeding is then in Mediation (2) the Administrator if the proceeding is in Arbitration, but no Arbitration Panel has been selected or (3) the Arbitration Panel, if the proceeding is in Arbitration and the Arbitration Panel has been selected. 
 
 H. Intervention 
 
 The Plans, their Controlled Affiliates, and BCBSA, to the extent subject to MMDR pursuant to their License Agreements, shall have the right to move to intervene in any pending Arbitration. A written motion for intervention shall be made to (1) the Administrator, if the proceeding is in Arbitration, but no Arbitration Panel has been selected or (2) the Arbitration Panel, if the proceeding is in Arbitration and the Arbitration Panel has been selected. The written motion for intervention shall be delivered to the BCBSA Corporate Secretary (which shall also constitute service on the BCBSA if it is a respondent) and to any Plan(s) and or Controlled Affiliate(s) which are parties to the proceeding. Any party to the proceeding can submit written objections to the motion to intervene. The motion for intervention shall be granted upon good cause shown. Intervention also may be allowed by stipulation of the parties to the Arbitration proceeding. Intervention shall be allowed upon such terms as the Arbitration Panel decides. 
 
 I. BCBSA Assistance in Resolution of Disputes 
 
 The resources and personnel of the BCBSA may be requested by any member Plan at any time to try to resolve disputes with another Plan. 
 
 J. Neutral Evaluation 
 
 The parties can voluntarily agree at any time to have an independent party render a neutral evaluation of the parties respective positions. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 22 of 23 

K. Recovery of Attorney Fees and Expenses 
 
 i. Motions to Compel 
 
 Nothwithstanding any other provisions of these Rules, any Party subject to the License Agreements (for purposes of this Section K and all of its sub- sections only hereinafter referred to collectively and individually as a Party that initiates a court action or administrative proceeding solely to compel adherence to these Rules shall not be determined to have violated these Rules by initiating such action or proceeding. 
 
 ii Recovery of Fees, Expenses and Costs 
 
 The Arbitration Panel may, in its sole discretion, award a Party its reasonable attorneys fees, expenses and costs associated with a filing to compel adherence to these Rules and or reasonable attorneys fees, expenses and costs incurred in responding to an action filed in violation of these Rules provided, however, that neither fees, expenses, nor costs shall be awarded by the Arbitration Panel if the Party from which the award is sought can demonstrate to the Arbitration panel, in its sole discretion, that it did not violate these Rules or that it had reasonable grounds for believing that its action did not violate these Rules. 
 
 iii Requests for Reimbursement 
 
 For purposes of this Section K, any Party may request reimbursement of fees, expenses and or costs by submitting said request in writing to the Arbitration Panel at any time before an award is delivered pursuant Paragraph to 3.O above with a copy to the Party from which reimbursement is sought, explaining why it is entitled to such reimbursement. The Party from which reimbursement is sought shall have twenty (20) days to submit a response to such request to the Arbitration Panel with a copy to the Party seeking reimbursement. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.11 

EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 23 of 23 
 
 L. Calculation of Time and Deadlines 
 
 In computing any period of time prescribed or allowed under these rules, the day of the act or event from which the designated period of time begins to run shall not be included. The last day of the period so computed shall be included, unless it is a Saturday, a Sunday, or a legal holiday, in which event the period runs until the end of the next day which is not one of the aforementioned days. When the period of time prescribed is less than six (6) days, intermediate Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays shall be excluded in the computation. As used in this rule, legal holiday includes New Year s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, Washington s Birthday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day and any other day appointed as a holiday by the President or the Congress of the United States. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 5
 exhibit1012-primaryblueshi.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 
 Exhibit 10.12 

 BLUE SHIELD LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 (Includes revisions, if any, adopted by Member Plans through their June 16, 2022 meeting) 
 This agreement by and between Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and The Blue Shield Plan, known as ______________ (the Plan ). 
 Preamble 
 WHEREAS, the Plan and or its predecessor(s) in interest (collectively the Plan had the right to use the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks for health care plans in its service area, which was essentially local in nature 
 WHEREAS, the Plan was desirous of assuring nationwide protection of the Licensed Marks, maintaining uniform quality controls among Plans, facilitating the provision of cost effective health care services to the public and otherwise benefiting the public 
 WHEREAS, to better attain such ends, the Plan and the predecessor of BCBSA executed the Agreement(s) Relating to the Collective Service Mark Blue Shield and 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA and the Plan desire to supercede said Agreement(s) to reflect their current practices and to assure the continued integrity of the Licensed Marks and of the BLUE SHIELD system 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Agreement 
 1. BCBSA hereby grants to the Plan, upon the terms and conditions of this License Agreement Agreement or Primary License Agreement ), the right to use BLUE SHIELD in its trade and or corporate name (the Licensed Name ), and the right to use the Licensed Marks, in the sale, marketing and administration of health care plans and related services in the Service Area set forth and defined in paragraph 5 below. As used herein, health care plans and related services shall include acting as a nonprofit health care plan, a for-profit health care plan, or mutual health insurer operating on a not-for-profit or for-profit basis, under state law financing access to health care services when working with a bank that holds the relevant license to use the Licensed Name and Marks, offering (i) tax-favored savings accounts for medical expenses and means for accessing such accounts, such as debit cards or checks, that are provided solely to support access to such tax-favored savings accounts, all pursuant to such license, or (ii) prepaid rewards cards that are provided for completion of a wellness program, all pursuant to such license providing health care management and administration administering, but not underwriting, non-health portions of Workers Compensation Insurance delivering health care services, except hospital services (as defined in the Guidelines to Membership Standards Applicable to Regular Members) and performing the Eligibility and Enrollment functions of HR administration for all benefit plans offered by a group account to its members, including benefit plans not provided by the Plan, provided that the Plan has contracted to provide Health Coverage under the Licensed Marks to the account (as the terms Health Coverage , Eligibility and Enrollment are defined in Exhibit 4, Paragraph 2.t.). 
 2. The Plan may use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with the offering of i) health care plans and related services in the Service Area through Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1 hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement and ii) insurance coverages offered by life insurers under the applicable law in the Service Area, other than those which the Plan may offer in its own name, provided through Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1A hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement Applicable to Life Insurance Companies or the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1A1 hereto (the Controlled Affiliate Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products and further provided that the offering of such services does not and will not dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name and iii) administration and underwriting of Workers Compensation Insurance Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1 hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License and iv) regional Medicare Advantage PPO Products in cooperation with one or more other Plans through jointly-held Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1B hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement Applicable to Regional Medicare Advantage PPO Products and v) regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan products in cooperation with one or more other Plans through jointly-held Controlled Affiliates, provided that each such Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name under the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement attached as Exhibit 1C hereto (the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement Applicable to Regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan Products ). As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner that it is subject to the bona fide control of a Plan or Plans and, if the entity meets the standards of Paragraph 2a.B but not Paragraph 2a.A, the entity, its owners, and persons with 
 Amended as of September 19, 2014 

Exhibit 10.12 

 authority to select or appoint members or board members, other than a Plan or Plans, have received written approval of BCBSA. Absent written approval by BCBSA of an alternative method of control, bona fide control shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraphs 2a. and 2b. 
 2a. With respect to the Controlled Affiliate Licenses authorized in clauses i) through iii) of Paragraph 2, bona fide control shall mean that a Plan (the Sponsoring Plan authorized to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate pursuant to this Primary License Agreement with BCBSA must have 
 A. The legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate's governing body having more than 50 voting control thereof (b) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate (c) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan do not concur. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own more than 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, provided that in instances where the Sponsoring Plan formed a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee and such publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee owns and controls other Controlled Affiliate Licensees, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly shall own and control more than 50 of any Controlled Affiliate that is indirectly owned and controlled by the publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee or 
 B. The legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate's governing body having not less than 50 voting control thereof (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan do not concur (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate at least equal to that exercised by persons or entities (jointly or individually) other than the Sponsoring Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by the Sponsoring Plan before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 1. Change its legal and or trade name 
 2. Change the geographic area in which it operates 
 3. Change any of the types of businesses in which it engages 
 4. Create, or become liable for by way of guarantee, any indebtedness, other than indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business 
 5. Sell any assets, except for sales in the ordinary course of business or sales of equipment no longer useful or being replaced 
 6. Make any loans or advances except in the ordinary course of business 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 -2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 7. Enter into any arrangement or agreement with any party directly or indirectly affiliated with any of the owners of the Controlled Affiliate or persons or entities with the authority to select or appoint members or board members of the Controlled Affiliate, other than the Sponsoring Plan or other Plans (excluding owners of stock holdings of under 5 in a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate) 
 8. Conduct any business other than under the Licensed Marks and Name 
 9. Take any action that the Sponsoring Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks or Names. 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries shall own at least 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, provided that in instances where the Sponsoring Plan formed a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee and such publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee owns and controls other Controlled Affiliate Licensees, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly shall own and control at least 50 of any Controlled Affiliate that is indirectly owned and controlled by the publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee or 
 C. With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 controlled by Plans including the Sponsoring Plan and which offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and services, the legal authority by the Sponsoring Plan together with such other Plans (a) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, with the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans each having an ownership interest. Such 100 control and ownership by Plans shall be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License attached as Exhibit B-1 to Exhibit 1 attached hereto or 

Amended as of June 20, 2019 

Exhibit 10.12 

 D. With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 controlled by a Sponsoring Plan which on a Blue-branded basis, offers solely a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug product, the legal authority by the Sponsoring Plan (a) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. Such 100 control and ownership by the Plan shall be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Sponsoring Plan and Participating Plan as defined on the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License attached as Exhibit B-2 to Exhibit 1 attached hereto. 
 E. With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that operates as a clinic, the legal authority by the Sponsoring Plan to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate as defined in Exhibit 1, Standard 1(E) and the Guidelines to Administer Standard 1 (E). In addition, if the clinic is for-profit, the Sponsoring Plan shall own at least 50 of the Controlled Affiliate and prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur. 
 2b. With respect to the Controlled Affiliate License Agreements authorized in clauses iv) and v) of Paragraph 2, bona fide control shall mean that the Controlled Affiliate is organized and operated in such a manner that it meets the following requirements 
 A. The Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Plans authorized to use the Licensed Marks pursuant to this License Agreement with BCBSA (for purposes of this subparagraph A. through subparagraph C., the Controlling Plans and 

Amended as of June 20, 2019 
 
 -2a- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 B. Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to this Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region (as that term is defined in such Controlled Affiliate License Agreements) and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 
 C. The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur and (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) of this subparagraph E., the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 1. Change its legal and or trade names 
 2. Change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 3. Change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 4. Take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly- owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 

Amended as of June 20, 2019 
 
 (the next page is 3) 
 -2b- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 3. With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is not licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name, the Plan may, in communications that contain the Licensed Marks or Name, indicate its corporate relationship to the Affiliate and permit such Affiliate to indicate its corporate relationship to the Plan, solely in the circumstances, style and manner specified by BCBSA from time-to-time in regulations of general application consistent with the avoidance of confusion or mistake or the dilution or tarnishment of the Licensed Marks and Name. No rights are hereby created in any Controlled Affiliate to use the Licensed Marks or Name in its own name or otherwise. 
 4. The Plan recognizes the importance of a comprehensive national network of independent BCBSA licensees which are committed to strengthening the Licensed Marks and Name. The Plan further recognizes that its actions within its Service Area may affect the value of the Licensed Marks and Name nationwide. The Plan agrees (a) to maintain in good standing its membership in BCBSA (b) promptly to pay its dues to BCBSA, said dues to represent the royalties for this License Agreement (c) materially to comply with all applicable laws (d) to comply with the Membership Standards Applicable to Regular Members of BCBSA, a current copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2 hereto and (e) reasonably to permit BCBSA, upon a written, good faith request and during reasonable business hours, to inspect the Plan's books and records necessary to ascertain compliance herewith. As to other Plans and third parties, BCBSA shall maintain the confidentiality of all documents and information furnished by the Plan pursuant hereto, or pursuant to the Membership Standards, and clearly designated by the Plan as containing proprietary information of the Plan. 
 5. The rights hereby granted are exclusive to the Plan within the geographical area(s) served by the Plan on June 30, 1972, and or as to which the Plan has been granted a subsequent license, which is hereby defined as the Service Area, except that BCBSA reserves the right to use the Licensed Marks in said Service Area, and except to the extent that said Service Area may overlap areas served by one or more other licensed Blue Shield Plans as of said date or subsequent license, as to which overlapping areas the rights hereby granted are nonexclusive as to such other Plan or Plans only. 

Amended as of June 19, 2014 
 
 -3- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 6. Except as expressly provided by BCBSA with respect to National Accounts, Government Programs and certain other necessary and collateral uses, the current rules and regulations governing which are attached as Exhibit 3 and Exhibit 4 hereto, and are contained in other documents referenced herein, or as expressly provided herein, the Plan may not use the Licensed Marks and Name outside the Service Area or in connection with other goods and services, nor may the Plan use the Licensed Marks or Name in a manner which is intended to transfer in the Service Area the goodwill associated therewith to another mark or name. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent the Plan from engaging in lawful activity anywhere under other marks and names not confusingly similar to the Licensed Marks and Name, provided that engaging in such activity does and will not dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name. In addition to any and all remedies available hereunder, BCBSA may impose monetary fines on the Plan for the Plan s use of the Licensed Marks and Names outside the Service Area, and provided that the procedure used in imposing a fine is consistent with procedures specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time in regulations of general application. In the case of regional Medicare Advantage PPO and regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan products offered by consenting and participating Plans in a region that includes the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Plan, such fine may be imposed jointly on the consenting and participating Plans for use of the Licensed Marks and Name in any geographic area of the region in which a Plan having exclusive rights to the Licensed Marks and Name does not consent to and participate in such offering, provided that the basis for imposition of such fine is consistent with rules specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time in regulations of general application. 
 7. The Plan agrees that it will display the Licensed Marks and Name only in such form, style and manner as shall be specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time-to-time in regulations of general application in order to prevent impairment of the distinctiveness of the Licensed Marks and Name and the goodwill pertaining thereto. The Plan shall cause to appear on all materials on or in connection with which the Licensed Marks or Name are used such legends, markings and notices as BCBSA may reasonably request in order to give appropriate notice of service mark or other proprietary rights therein or pertaining thereto. 
 8. BCBSA agrees that (a) it will not grant any other license effective during the term of this License Agreement for the use of the Licensed Marks or Name which is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Plan hereunder and (b) it will not itself use the Licensed Marks in derogation of the rights of the Plan or in a manner to deprive the Plan of the full benefits of this License Agreement, provided that BCBSA shall have the right to use the Licensed Marks in conjunction with any national offering under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program in the manner set forth in Exhibit 4, Paragraph 4 (including subparagraphs) to this License Agreement. The Plan agrees that it will not attack the title of BCBSA in and to the Licensed Marks or Name or attack the validity of the Licensed Marks or of this License Agreement. The Plan further agrees that all use by it of the Licensed Marks and Name or any similar mark or name shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA, and the Plan shall cooperate with BCBSA in effectuating the assignment to BCBSA of any service mark or trademark registrations of the Licensed Marks or any similar mark or name held by the Plan or a Controlled Affiliate of the Plan, all or any portion of which registration consists of the Licensed Marks. 

Amended as of November 16, 2006 
 
 -3a- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 9. (a). Should the Plan fail to comply with the provisions of paragraphs 2-4, 6, 7 and or 12, and not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof (or commence curing such failure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the curing of such failure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period), BCBSA shall have the right to issue a notice that the Plan is in a state of noncompliance. Except as to the termination of a Plan's License Agreement or the merger of two or more Plans, disputes as to noncompliance, and all other disputes between or among BCBSA, the Plan, other Plans and or Controlled Affiliates, shall be submitted promptly to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution pursuant to the rules and regulations of BCBSA, a current copy of which is attached as Exhibit 5 hereto, and shall be timely presented and resolved. The mandatory dispute resolution panel shall have authority to issue orders for specific performance and assess monetary penalties. If a state of noncompliance as aforesaid is undisputed by the Plan or is found to exist by a mandatory dispute resolution panel and is uncured as provided above, BCBSA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of the License Agreement. Except, however, as provided in paragraphs 9(d)(iii), 15(a)(i)-(viii), and 15(a)(x) below, no Plan's license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be finally terminated for any reason without the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans. 
 (b). Notwithstanding any other provision of this License Agreement, a Plan's license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be forthwith terminated by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans at a special meeting expressly called by BCBSA for the purpose on ten (10) days written notice to the Plan advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Plan an opportunity to be heard and to present its response to Member Plans for (i) failure to comply with any minimum capital or liquidity requirement under the Membership Standard on Financial Responsibility or (ii) impending financial insolvency or (iii) the pendency of any action instituted against the Plan seeking its dissolution or liquidation or its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business or seeking the declaration or establishment of a trust for any of its property of business, unless this License Agreement has been earlier terminated under paragraph 15(a) or (iv) such other reason as is determined in good faith immediately and irreparably to threaten the integrity and reputation of BCBSA, the Plans and or the Licensed Marks. 

Amended as of March 16, 2006 
 
 -4- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (c). To the extent not otherwise provided therein, neither (i) the Membership Standards Applicable to Regular Members of BCBSA nor (ii) the rules and regulations governing Government Programs and certain other uses nor (iii) the rules and regulations governing mediation and mandatory dispute resolution, may be amended unless and until each such amendment is first adopted by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and of three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans. The rules and regulations governing National Accounts and other national programs required by the Membership Standards Applicable to Regular Members of BCBSA (Exhibit 2) are contained, in addition to those set forth in Exhibit 3, in the following documents, as amended from time to time (1) the Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions (2) Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program Policies and Provisions. The voting requirements specified in rules and regulations governing such national programs may not be amended unless and until each such amendment is first adopted by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and of three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans. 

Amended as of November 21, 2014 
 
 -4a- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (d). The Plan may operate as a for-profit company on the following conditions 
 (i) The Plan shall discharge all responsibilities which it has to the Association and to other Plans by virtue of this Agreement and the Plan's membership in BCBSA. 
 (ii) The Plan shall not use the licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of its legal name or any symbol used to identify the Plan in any securities market. The Plan shall use the Licensed Marks and Name as part of its trade name within its service area for the sale, marketing and administration of health care and related services in the service area. 
 (iii) The Plan's license to use the Licensed Marks and Name shall automatically terminate effective (a) thirty days after the Plan knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Institutional Investor, has become the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 10 or more of the voting power of the Plan Excess Institutional Voter ), unless such Excess Institutional Voter shall cease to be an Excess Institutional Voter prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (b) thirty days after the Plan knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Noninstitutional Investor has become the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 5 or more of the voting power of the Plan Excess Noninstitutional Voter unless such Excess Noninstitutional Voter shall cease to be an Excess Noninstitutional Voter prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (c) thirty days after the Plan knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Person has become the Beneficial Owner of 20 or more of the Plan s then outstanding common stock or other equity securities which (either by themselves or in combination) represent an ownership interest of 20 or more pursuant to determinations made under paragraph 9(d)(iv) below Excess Owner ), unless such Excess Owner shall cease to be an Excess Owner prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (d) ten business days after individuals who at the time the Plan went public constituted the Board of Directors of the Plan (together with any new directors whose election to the Board was approved by a vote of 2 3 of the directors then still in office who were directors at the time the Plan went public or whose election or nomination was previously so approved) (the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors or (e) ten business days after the Plan consolidates with or merges with or into any person or conveys, assigns, transfers or sells all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than a merger in which the Plan is the surviving entity and immediately after which merger, no person is an Excess Institutional Voter, an Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner provided that, if requested by the affected Plan in a writing received by BCBSA prior to such automatic termination 

Amended as of September 17, 1997 
 
 -5- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 becoming effective, the provisions of this paragraph 9(d)(iii) may be waived, in whole or in part, upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Plans and a majority of the total then current weighted vote of the disinterested Plans. Any waiver so granted may be conditioned upon such additional requirements (including but not limited to imposing new and independent grounds for termination of this License) as shall be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Plans and a majority of the total then current weighted vote of the disinterested Plans. If a timely waiver request is received, no automatic termination shall become effective until the later of (1) the conclusion of the applicable time period specified in paragraphs 9(d)(iii)(a)-(d) above, or (2) the conclusion of the first Member Plan meeting after receipt of such a waiver request. 
 In the event that the Plan's license to use the Licensed Marks and Name is terminated pursuant to this Paragraph 9(d)(iii), the license may be reinstated in BCBSA s sole discretion if, within 30 days of the date of such termination, the Plan demonstrates that the Person referred to in clause (a), (b) or (c) of the preceding paragraph is no longer an Excess Institutional Voter, an Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner. 
 (iv) The Plan shall not issue any class or series of security other than (i) shares of common stock having identical terms or options or derivatives of such common stock, (ii) non-voting, non-convertible debt securities or (iii) such other securities as the Plan may approve, provided that BCBSA receives notice at least thirty days prior to the issuance of such securities, including a description of the terms for such securities, and BCBSA shall have the authority to determine how such other securities will be counted in determining whether any Person is an Excess Institutional Voter, Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner. 
 (v) For purposes of paragraph 9(d)(iii), the following definitions shall apply 
 (a) Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect on November 17, 1993 (the Exchange Act ). 
 (b) A Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of and shall be deemed to beneficially own any securities 
 (i) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly 

Amended as of September 17, 1997 
 
 -5a- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (ii) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates has (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report) or 
 (iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which such Person (or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities) relating to the acquisition, holding, voting (except to the extent contemplated by the proviso to (b)(ii)(B) above) or disposing of any securities of the Plan. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial Ownership to the contrary, the phrase then outstanding, when used with reference to a Person's Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Plan, shall mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together with the number of such securities not then actually issued and outstanding which such Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder. 
 (c) A Person shall be deemed an Institutional Investor if (but only if) such Person (i) is an entity or group identified in the SEC s Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii) as constituted on June 1, 1997, and (ii) every filing made by such Person with the SEC under Regulation 13D-G (or any successor Regulation) with respect to such Person s Beneficial Ownership of Plan securities shall have contained a certification identical to the one required by item 10 of SEC Schedule 13G as constituted on June 1, 1997. 
 (d) Noninstitutional Investor means any Person who is not an Institutional Investor. 
 (e) Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, trust, association, joint venture or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 
 Amended as of September 17, 1997 
 -5b- 
 
 (The next page is page 6) 
 10. This License Agreement shall remain in effect (a) until terminated as provided herein or (b) until this and all such other License Agreements are terminated by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans (c) until terminated by the Plan upon eighteen (18) months written notice to BCBSA or upon a shorter notice period approved by BCBSA in writing at its sole discretion. 

Exhibit 10.12 

 11. Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 15 below or by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans, or unless this and all such other License Agreements are simultaneously terminated by force of law, the termination of this License Agreement for any reason whatsoever shall cause the reversion to BCBSA of all rights in and to the Licensed Marks and Name, and the Plan agrees that it will promptly discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks and Name, will not use them thereafter, and will promptly, upon written notice from BCBSA, change its corporate name so as to eliminate the Licensed Name therefrom. 
 12. The license hereby granted to Plan to use the Licensed Marks and Name is and shall be personal to the Plan so licensed and shall not be assignable by any act of the Plan, directly or indirectly, without the written consent of BCBSA. Said license shall not be assignable by operation of law, nor shall Plan mortgage or part with possession or control of this license or any right hereunder, and the Plan shall have no right to grant any sublicense to use the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 13. BCBSA shall maintain appropriate service mark registrations of the Licensed Marks and BCBSA shall take such lawful steps and proceedings as may be necessary or proper to prevent use of the Licensed Marks by any person who is not authorized to use the same. Any actions or proceedings undertaken by BCBSA under the provisions of this paragraph shall be at BCBSA's sole cost and expense. BCBSA shall have the sole right to determine whether or not any legal action shall be taken on account of unauthorized use of the Licensed Marks, such right not to be unreasonably exercised. The Plan shall report any unlawful usage of the Licensed Marks to BCBSA in writing and agrees, free of charge, to cooperate fully with BCBSA's program of enforcing and protecting the service mark rights, trade name rights and other rights in the Licensed Marks. 
 14. The Plan hereby agrees to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA And any other Plan(s) harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and Costs of every kind, nature and description which may arise as a result of the activities of the Plan or of any hospital, medical group, clinic or other provider of health services that is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by Plan. BCBSA hereby agrees to save, defend, indemnify and hold the Plan and any other Plan(s) harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description which may arise exclusively and directly as a result of the activities of BCBSA. 

Amended as of June 21, 2012 
 
 -6- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 15. (a). This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following events (i) a voluntary petition shall be filed by the Plan or by BCBSA seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief, or (ii) an involuntary petition or proceeding shall be filed against the Plan or BCBSA seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief and such petition or proceeding is consented to or acquiesced in by the Plan or BCBSA or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of the date upon which the petition or other document commencing the proceeding is served upon the Plan or BCBSA respectively, or (iii) an order for relief is entered against the Plan or BCBSA in any case under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, or the Plan or BCBSA is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent (as that term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the state of Illinois) by any court of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) the Plan or BCBSA makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (v) any government or any government official, office, agency, branch, or unit assumes control of the Plan or delinquency proceedings (voluntary or involuntary) are instituted, or (vi) an action is brought by the Plan or BCBSA seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business, or (vii) an action is instituted by any governmental entity or officer against the Plan or BCBSA seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business and such action is consented to or acquiesced in by the Plan or BCBSA or is not dismissed within one hundred thirty (130) days of the date upon which the pleading or other document commencing the action is served upon the Plan or BCBSA respectively, provided that if the action is stayed or its prosecution is enjoined, the one hundred thirty (130) day period is tolled for the duration of the stay or injunction, and provided further, that the Association s Board of Directors may toll or extend the 130 day period at any time prior to its expiration, or (viii) a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of the Plan's or BCBSA's property or business is appointed, or the Plan or BCBSA is ordered dissolved or liquidated, or (ix) the Plan shall fail to pay its dues and shall not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof, or (x) if, due to regulatory action, the Plan together with any applicable Controlled Affiliate becomes unable to do business using the Names and Marks in any State or portion thereof included in its Service Area, provided that (i) automatic termination shall not occur prior to the exhaustion by any such Plan of its rights to appeal or challenge such regulatory action and (ii) in the event the Plan is licensed to do business using the Names and Marks in multiple States or portions of States, the termination of its License Agreement shall be solely limited to the State(s) or portions thereof in which the regulatory action applies. By not appealing or challenging such regulatory action within the time prescribed by law or regulation, and in any event no later than 120 days after such action is taken, a Plan shall be deemed to have exhausted its rights to appeal or challenge, and automatic termination shall proceed. 

-7- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a declaration or a request for declaration of the existence of a trust over any of the Plan s or BCBSA s property or business shall not in itself be deemed to constitute or seek appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for purposes of subparagraphs 15(a)(vii) and (viii) of this Agreement. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -7a- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (b). BCBSA, or the Plans (as provided and in addition to the rights conferred in Paragraph 10(b) above), may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice upon the occurrence of either of the following events (a) the Plan or BCBSA becomes insolvent (as that term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code enacted in the state of Illinois), or (b) any final judgment against the Plan or BCBSA remains unsatisfied or unbonded of record for a period of sixty (60) days or longer. 
 (c). If this License Agreement is terminated as to BCBSA for any reason stated in subparagraphs 15(a) and (b) above, the ownership of the Licensed Marks shall revert to each of the Plans. 
 (d). Upon termination of this License Agreement or any Controlled Affiliate License Agreement of a Larger Controlled Affiliate, as defined in Exhibit 1 to this License Agreement, the following conditions shall apply, except that, in the event of a partial termination of this Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 15 (a)(x)(ii) of this Agreement, the notices, national account listing, payment and audit right listed below shall be applicable solely with respect to the geographic area for which the Plan s license to use the Licensed Names and Marks is terminated 
 (i) The terminated entity shall send a notice through the U.S. mails, with first class postage affixed, to all individual and group customers, providers, brokers and agents of products or services sold, marketed, underwritten or administered by the terminated entity or its Controlled Affiliates under the Licensed Marks and Name. The form and content of the notice shall be specified by BCBSA and shall, at a minimum, notify the recipient of the termination of the license, the consequences thereof, and instructions for obtaining alternate products or services licensed by BCBSA, subject to any conflicting state law and state regulatory requirements. This notice shall be mailed within 15 days after termination or, if termination is pursuant to paragraph 10(d) of this Agreement, within 15 days after the written notice to BCBSA described in paragraph 10(d). 
 (ii) The terminated entity shall deliver to BCBSA within five days of a request by BCBSA a listing of national accounts in which the terminated entity is involved (in a Control, Participating or Servicing capacity), identifying the national account and the terminated entity's role therein. For those accounts where the terminated entity is the Control Plan, the Plan must also indicate the Participating and Servicing Plans in the national account syndicate. 

Amended as of June 16, 2005 
 
 -8- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (iii) Unless the cause of termination is an event stated in paragraph 15(a) or (b) above respecting BCBSA, the Plan and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates shall be jointly liable for payment to BCBSA of an amount equal to the Re-Establishment Fee (described below) multiplied by the number of Licensed Enrollees of the terminated entity and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates provided that if any other Plan is permitted by BCBSA to use marks or names licensed by BCBSA in the Service Area established by this Agreement, the Re-Establishment Fee shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Licensed Enrollees of the terminated entity and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates and the denominator of which is the total number of Licensed Enrollees in the Service Area. The Re-Establishment Fee shall be indexed to a base fee of 80. The Re-Establishment Fee through December 31, 2005 shall be 80. The Re-Establishment Fee for calendar years after December 31, 2005 shall be adjusted on January 1 of each calendar year up to and including January 1, 2010 and shall be the base fee multiplied by 100 plus the cumulative percentage increase or decrease in the Plans gross administrative expense (standard BCBSA definition) per Licensed Enrollee since December 31, 2004. The adjustment shall end on January 1, 2011, at which time the Re-Establishment Fee shall be fixed at the then-current amount and no longer automatically adjusted. For example, if the Plans gross administrative expense per Licensed Enrollee was 278.60, 285.00 and 290.00 for calendar year end 2004, 2005 and 2006, respectively, the January 1, 2007 Re-Establishment Fee would be 83.27 (100 of the base fee plus 1.84 for calendar year 2005 and 1.43 for calendar year 2006). Licensed Enrollee means each and every person and covered dependent who is enrolled as an individual or member of a group receiving products or services sold, marketed or administered under marks or names licensed by BCBSA as determined at the earlier of (a) the end of the last fiscal year of the terminated entity which ended prior to termination or (b) the fiscal year which ended before any transactions causing the termination began. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount payable pursuant to this subparagraph (d)(iii) shall be due only 

Amended as of June 16, 2005 
 
 -8a- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 to the extent that, in BCBSA's opinion, it does not cause the net worth of the Plan to fall below 100 of the Health Risk-Based Capital formula or its equivalent under any successor formula, as set forth in the applicable financial responsibility standards established by BCBSA (provided such equivalent is approved for purposes of this sub paragraph by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans), measured as of the date of termination and adjusted for the value of any transactions not made in the ordinary course of business. This payment shall not be due in connection with transactions exclusively by or among Plan or their affiliates, including reorganizations, combinations or mergers, where the BCBSA Board of Directors determines that the license termination does not result in a material diminution in the number of Licensed Enrollees or the extent of their coverage. At least 50 of the Re-Establishment Fee shall be awarded to the Plan (or Plans) that receive the new license(s) for the service area(s) at issue provided, however, that such award shall not become due or payable until all disputes, if any, regarding the amount of and BCBSA s right to such Re-Establishment Fee have been finally resolved and provided further that the award shall be based on the final amount actually received by BCBSA. The Board of Directors shall adopt a resolution which it may amend from time to time that shall govern BCBSA s use of its portion of the award. In the event that the terminated entity s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, BCBSA shall reimburse the Plan (and or its Licensed Controlled Affiliates, as the case may be) for payments made under this subparagraph only to the extent that such payments exceed the amounts due to BCBSA pursuant to subparagraph 15(d)(vi) and any costs associated with reestablishing the Service Area, including any payments made by BCBSA to a Plan or Plans (or their Licensed Controlled Affiliates) for purposes of replacing the terminated entity. 
 (iv) The terminated entity shall comply with all financial settlement procedures set forth in BCBSA s License Termination Contingency Plan, as amended from time to time and shall work diligently and in good faith with 

Amended as of June 16, 2005 
 
 -8b- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 BCBSA, any Alternative Control Licensee or Replacement Licensee and any existing or potential new account for Blue-branded products and services to minimize the disruption of termination, and honor, to the fullest extent possible, the desire of accounts to continue to receive or obtain Blue-branded products and services through a new Licensee Transition ). Such diligence and good faith on the part of the terminated entity shall include, but not be limited to (a) working cooperatively with BCBSA to protect the Names and Marks from potential harm (b) cooperating with BCBSA s use of the Names and Marks in the terminated entity s former service area during the termination and Transition (c) transmitting, upon the request of an existing Blue account or of BCBSA with consent and on behalf of an existing Blue account, all member and account-data relating to the Federal Employee Program to BCBSA, and all member and account data relating to other programs to an Alternative Control Licensee or Replacement Licensee (d) working with BCBSA and the Alternative Control or Replacement Licensee with respect to potential new Blue accounts headquartered in the terminated entity s former service area (e) continuing to service Blue accounts during the Transition (f) continuing to comply with National Programs, Federal Employee Program and NASCO policies and procedures and all voluntary BCBSA programs, policies and performance standards, such as Away From Home Care, including being responsible for payment of all penalties for non-compliance duly levied in conformity with the License Agreements, Membership Standards, or the Federal Employee Program agreements, that may arise during the Transition (g) maintaining and providing access to its provider networks, as defined by Federal Employee Program agreements and National Account Program Policies and Provisions, and Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions, and making those networks and discounts available to members and providers who participate in National Programs and the Federal Employee Program during the Transition (h) maintaining its technical connections and processing capabilities during the Transition and (i) working diligently to conclude all financial settlements and account reconciliations as negotiated in the termination transition agreement. 

Amended as of November 16, 2006 
 
 -8c- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (v) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, BCBSA shall have the right, with the approval of its Board of Directors, to assess additional fines against the terminated entity during the Transition in the event it fails to maintain and provide access to provider networks as defined by Federal Employee Program agreements, National Account Program Policies and Provisions, and Inter-Plans Programs Policies and Provisions, and or pass on applicable discounts. Such fines shall be in addition to any other assessments, fees or liquidated damages payable herein, or under existing policies and programs and shall be imposed to make whole BCBSA and or the Plans. Terminated entity shall pay any such fines to BCBSA no later than 30 days after they are approved by the Board of Directors. 
 (vi) BCBSA shall have the right to examine and audit and or hire at terminated entity s expense a third-party auditor to examine and audit the books and records of the terminated entity and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates to verify compliance with the terms and requirements of this paragraph 15(d). 
 (vii) Subsequent to termination of this Agreement, the terminated entity and its affiliates, agents, and employees shall have an ongoing and continuing obligation to protect all BCBSA and Blue Licensee data that was acquired or accessed during the period this Agreement was in force, including but not limited to all confidential processes, pricing, provider, discount and other strategic and competitively sensitive information Blue Information from disclosure, and shall not, either alone or with another entity, disclose such Blue Information or use it in any manner to compete without the express written permission of BCBSA. 
 (viii) As to a breach of 15 (d) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (vi), or (vii) the parties agree that the obligations are immediately enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. As to a breach of 15 (d) (i), (ii), (iv), (vi), or (vii) by the Plan, the parties agree there is no adequate remedy at law and BCBSA is entitled to obtain specific performance. 

Amended as of November 16, 2006 
 
 -8d- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (ix) In the event that the terminated entity s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Plan and its Licensed Controlled Affiliates shall be jointly liable for reimbursing BCBSA the reasonable costs incurred by BCBSA in connection with the termination and the reinstatement or court action, and any associated legal proceedings, including but not limited to outside legal fees, consulting fees, public relations fees, advertising costs, and costs incurred to develop, lease or establish an interim provider network. Any amount due to BCBSA under this subparagraph may be waived in whole or in part by the BCBSA Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 
 (e). BCBSA shall be entitled to enjoin the Plan or any related party in a court of competent jurisdiction from entry into any transaction which would result in a termination of this License Agreement unless the License Agreement has been terminated pursuant to paragraph 10 (d) of this Agreement upon the required six (6) month written notice. 
 (f). BCBSA acknowledges that it is not the owner of assets of the Plan. 

Amended as of June 16, 2006 
 
 -8e- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 16. This Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein and contains all of the covenants and agreements of the parties as to the licensing of the Licensed Marks and Name. This Agreement may be amended only by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. 
 17. If any provision or any part of any provision of this Agreement is judicially declared unlawful, each and every other provision, or any part of any provision, shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding such judicial declaration. 
 18. No waiver by BCBSA or the Plan of any breach or default in performance on the part of BCBSA or the Plan or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 19a. All notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent in duplicate by regular mail to BCBSA or the Plan at the address currently published for each by BCBSA and shall be marked respectively to the attention of the President and, if any, the General Counsel, of BCBSA or the Plan. 
 19b. Except as provided in paragraphs 9(b), 9(d)(iii), 15(a), and 15(b) above, this Agreement may be terminated for a breach only upon at least 30 days written notice to the Plan advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Plan an opportunity to be heard and to present its response to the Member Plans. 
 19c. For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 

Amended as of June 16, 2006 
 
 -8f- 
 (The next page is page 9) 

Exhibit 10.12 

20. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to constitute the parties hereto as partners or joint venturers, or either as the agent of the other, and Plan shall have no right to bind or obligate BCBSA in any way, nor shall it represent that it has any right to do so. BCBSA shall have no liability to third parties with respect to any aspect of the business, activities, operations, products, or services of the Plan. 
 21. This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed, effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By___________________________________ 
 Title__________________________________ 
 Date__________________________________ 
 
 Plan 
 By___________________________________ 
 Title__________________________________ 
 Date__________________________________ 

-9- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 1 
 BLUE SHIELD 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 (Includes revisions adopted by Member Plans through their June 16, 2022 meeting) 
 
 This Agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and ______________ Controlled Affiliate ), a Controlled Affiliate of the Blue Shield Plan, known as _____________ Plan or Sponsoring Plan ), which is also a Party signatory hereto. 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks 
 WHEREAS, Plan and Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks as service marks and be entitled to use the term BLUE SHIELD in a trade name Licensed Name 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to Controlled Affiliate the right to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with, and only in connection with (i) health care plans and related services, as defined in BCBSA's License Agreement with Plan, and administering the non-health portion of workers compensation insurance, and (ii) underwriting the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance, provided that Controlled Affiliate s total premium revenue comprises less than 15 percent of the Sponsoring Plan s net subscription revenue. 
 This grant of rights is non-exclusive and is limited to the Service Area served by the Plan. Subject to Paragraph 3A(3) of this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its legal name on the following conditions (i) the legal name must be approved in advance, in writing, by BCBSA (ii) Controlled Affiliate shall not do business outside the Service Area under any name or mark and (iii) Controlled Affiliate shall not use the Licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of any name or symbol used to identify itself in any securities market, unless such Controlled Affiliate is a not-for-profit company which may use the Licensed Marks and Name, or an approved derivative therefor, to identify itself in debt securities markets. Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its Trade Name only with the prior, written, consent of BCBSA. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -1- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 A. Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks and Name only in connection with the licensed services and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in attached Exhibit A as they may be amended by BCBSA from time-to-time. 
 B. Controlled Affiliate agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws. 
 C. Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by Plan or by BCBSA) a report or reports to Plan and BCBSA demonstrating Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of this paragraph and the attached Exhibit A. 
 D. Controlled Affiliate agrees that Plan and or BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 E. As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that the Sponsoring Plan has 
 (1) The legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 50 voting control thereof and 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan does not concur and 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate at least equal to that exercised by persons or entities (jointly or individually) other than the Sponsoring Plan and 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by the Sponsoring Plan before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 
 
 -2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (iv) create, or become liable for by way of guarantee, any indebtedness, other than indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business 
 (v) sell any assets, except for sales in the ordinary course of business or sales of equipment no longer useful or being replaced 
 (vi) make any loans or advances except in the ordinary course of business 
 (vii) enter into any arrangement or agreement with any party directly or indirectly affiliated with any of the owners or persons or entities with the authority to select or appoint members or board members of the Controlled Affiliate, other than the Sponsoring Plan or other Plans (excluding owners of stock holdings of under 5 in a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate) 
 (viii) conduct any business other than under the Licensed Marks and Name 
 (ix) take any action that Sponsoring Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries shall own at least 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, provided that in instances where the Sponsoring Plan formed a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee and such publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee owns and controls other Controlled Affiliate Licensees, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly shall own and control at least 50 of any Controlled Affiliate that is indirectly owned and controlled by the publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee. 
 Or 
 (2) The legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having more than 50 voting control thereof and to 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan do not concur and 
 c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -3- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own more than 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, provided that in instances where the Sponsoring Plan formed a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee and such publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee owns and controls other Controlled Affiliate Licensees, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly shall own and control more than 50 of any Controlled Affiliate that is indirectly owned and controlled by the publicly traded Controlled Affiliate Licensee. 
 Or 
 (3) With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 controlled by Plans including the Sponsoring Plan and which offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and services, the Sponsoring Plan has the legal authority together with such other Plans 
 (a) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body and 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, with the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans each having an ownership interest. Such control and ownership by Plans must be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall execute a separate Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B-1 for each product noted in Paragraph 2E(3) that is licensed to use the Marks. 
 Or 
 (4) With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 controlled by a Sponsoring Plan which on a Blue-branded basis offers solely a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug product, the Sponsoring Plan has the legal authority 
 (a) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body and 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 

Amended June 20, 2019 
 -4- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. Such 100 control and ownership by Sponsoring Plan must be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA, Further, the Participating Plan as defined in Exhibit B-2 and the Sponsoring Plan shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B-2. 
 Or 
 (5) With respect to a Controlled Affiliate that is operating as a clinic, absent an alternative method of control approved in writing by BCBSA, the Sponsoring Plan shall have bonafide operational control over the Controlled Affiliate as specified in Exhibit A, Standard 1 (E) and the Guidelines to Administer Standard 1 (E). In addition, if the clinic is for-profit, the Sponsoring Plan shall own at least 50 of the Controlled Affiliate and prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which it does not concur. 
 3. FOR-PROFIT, PUBLICLY TRADED LICENSEES 
 A. The Controlled Affiliate may operate as a for-profit publicly traded company on the following conditions 
 (1) The Controlled Affiliate shall discharge all responsibilities which it has to the Association and to other Plans by virtue of this Agreement. 
 (2) The Controlled Affiliate shall provide 90 days advance written notice to BCBSA prior to the initial filing with the SEC. 
 (3) The Controlled Affiliate shall not use the Licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of its legal name or any symbol used to identify the Controlled Affiliate in any securities market. The Controlled Affiliate shall use the Licensed Marks and Name as part of its trade name within its service area for the sale, marketing and administration of health care and related services in the service area. 
 (4) The Controlled Affiliate s license to use the Licensed Marks and Name shall automatically terminate effective (a) thirty days after the Controlled Affiliate knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Institutional Investor, has become the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 10 or more of the voting power of the Controlled Affiliate Excess Institutional Voter ), unless such Excess Institutional Voter shall cease to be an Excess Institutional Voter prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (b) thirty days after the Controlled Affiliate knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Noninstitutional Investor, other than a Plan or Plans or Controlled Affiliate licensee or licensees has become the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 5 or more of the voting power of the Controlled Affiliate Excess Noninstitutional Voter unless such Excess Noninstitutional Voter shall cease to be an Excess Noninstitutional Voter prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (c) thirty days after 
 Amended as of June 20, 2019 
 -5- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 the Controlled Affiliate knows, or there is an SEC filing indicating that, any Person has become the Beneficial Owner, other than a Plan or Plans or Controlled Affiliate licensee or licensees, of 20 or more of the Controlled Affiliate s then outstanding common stock or other equity securities which (either by themselves or in combination) represent an ownership interest of 20 or more pursuant to determinations made under Paragraph 3A(4) below Excess Owner ), unless such Excess Owner shall cease to be an Excess Owner prior to such automatic termination becoming effective (d) ten business days after individuals who at the time the Controlled Affiliate went public constituted the Board of Directors of the Controlled Affiliate (together with any new directors whose election to the Board was approved by a vote of 2 3 of the directors then still in office who were directors at the time the Controlled Affiliate went public or whose election or nomination was previously so approved) (the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors or (e) ten business days after the Controlled Affiliate consolidates with or merges with or into any person or conveys, assigns, transfers or sells all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than a merger in which the Sponsoring Plan is the surviving entity and immediately after which merger, no person is an Excess Institutional Voter, an Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner provided that, if requested by the affected Controlled Affiliate in a writing received by BCBSA prior to such automatic termination becoming effective, the provision of this paragraph 3A(4) may be waived, in whole or in part, upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Plans and a majority of the total then current weighted vote of the disinterested Plans. Any waiver so granted may be conditioned upon such additional requirements (including but not limited to imposing new and independent grounds for termination of this License) as shall be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested Plans and a majority of the total then current weighted vote of the disinterested Plans. If a timely waiver request is received, no automatic termination shall become effective until the later of (1) the conclusion of the applicable time period specified in paragraphs 3A(4)(a)-(d) above, or (2) the conclusion of the first Member Plan meeting after receipt of such a waiver request. 
 In the event that the Controlled Affiliate s license, or any other license, to use the Licensed Marks and Name is terminated pursuant to Paragraph 3A(4), the license may be reinstated in BCBSA s sole discretion if, within 30 days of the date of such termination, the Controlled Affiliate demonstrates that the Person referred to in clause (a), (b) or (c) of the preceding paragraph is no longer an Excess Institutional Voter, an Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner. 
 (5) The Controlled Affiliate shall not issue any class or series of security other than (i) shares of common stock having identical terms or options or derivatives of such common stock, (ii) non-voting, non-convertible debt securities, or (iii) such other securities as the Controlled Affiliate may approve, provided that BCBSA receives notice at least thirty days prior to the issuance of such securities, including a description of the terms for such securities, and BCBSA shall have the authority to determine how such other securities will be counted in determining whether any Person is an Excess Institutional Voter, Excess Noninstitutional Voter or an Excess Owner. 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 -6- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (6) For purposes of paragraph 3(A) above, the following definitions shall apply 
 (i) Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect on November 17, 1993 (the Exchange Act ). 
 (ii) A Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of and shall be deemed to beneficially own any securities 
 (1) which such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly 
 (2) which such Person or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates has (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report) or 
 (3) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which such Person (or any of such Person s Affiliates or Associates) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities) relating to the acquisition, holding, voting (except to the extent contemplated by the proviso to (ii)2(B) above) or disposing of any securities of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial Ownership to the contrary, the phrase then outstanding , when used with reference to a Person s Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Controlled Affiliate, shall mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together with the number of such securities not then actually issued and outstanding which such Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -7- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (iii) A Person shall be deemed an Institutional Investor if (but only if) such Person (i) is an entity or group identified in the SEC s Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii) as constituted on June 1, 1997, and (ii) every filing made by such Person with the SEC under Regulation 13D-G (or any successor Regulation) with respect to such Person s Beneficial Ownership of Plan securities shall have contained a certification identical to the one required by item 1 of SEC Schedule 13G as constituted on June 1, 1997. 
 (iv) Noninstitutional Investor means any Person who is not an Institutional Investor. 
 (v) Person shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, corporation, trust, association, joint venture or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 
 4. SERVICE MARK USE 
 A. Controlled Affiliate recognizes the importance of a comprehensive national network of independent BCBSA licensees which are committed to strengthening the Licensed Marks and Name. The Controlled Affiliate further recognizes that its actions within its Service Area may affect the value of the Licensed Marks and Name nationwide. 
 B. Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including but not limited to use of such symbols or words as BCBSA shall specify to protect the Licensed Marks and Name and shall comply with such rules (generally applicable to Controlled Affiliates licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name) relative to service mark use, as are issued from time-to-time by BCBSA. Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks and Name by Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 C. Controlled Affiliate may not directly or indirectly use the Licensed Marks and Name in a manner that transfers or is intended to transfer in the Service Area the goodwill associated therewith to another mark or name, nor may Controlled Affiliate engage in activity that may dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 D. If Controlled Affiliate meets the standards of 2E(1) but not 2E(2) above and any of Controlled Affiliate's advertising or promotional material is reasonably determined by BCBSA and or the Plan to be in contravention of rules and regulations governing the use of the Licensed Marks and Name, Controlled Affiliate shall for ninety (90) days thereafter obtain prior approval from BCBSA of advertising and promotional efforts using the Licensed Marks and Name, approval or disapproval thereof to be forthcoming within five (5) business days of receipt of same by BCBSA or its designee. In all advertising and promotional efforts, Controlled Affiliate shall observe the Service Area limitations applicable to Plan. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -8- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 E. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan s License Agreement with BCBSA or in this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 5. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 Controlled Affiliate shall not, directly or indirectly, sublicense, transfer, hypothecate, sell, encumber or mortgage, by operation of law or otherwise, the rights granted hereunder and any such act shall be voidable at the sole option of Plan or BCBSA. This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to Controlled Affiliate. 
 6. INFRINGEMENT 
 Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify Plan and Plan shall promptly notify BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off that may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks and Name. Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require Plan or BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to Plan and BCBSA, without charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks and Name by BCBSA. 
 7. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 Controlled Affiliate and Plan hereby agree to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description (except those arising solely as a result of BCBSA's negligence) that may arise as a result of or related to (i) Controlled Affiliate's rendering of services under the Licensed Marks and Name or (ii) the activities of any hospital, medical group, clinic or other provider of health services that is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by Plan or Controlled Affiliate. 
 8. LICENSE TERM 
 A. Except as otherwise provided herein, the license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods unless terminated pursuant to the provisions herein. 
 B. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that (i) the Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks and Name or (ii) pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x) of the Blue Cross License Agreement the Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Names and Marks in the geographic area served by the Controlled Affiliate provided, however, that if the Controlled Affiliate is serving more than one State or portions thereof, the termination of this Agreement shall be 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -9- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 limited to the State(s) or portions thereof in which the Plan s license to use the Licensed Marks and Names is terminated. By not appealing or challenging such regulatory action within the time prescribed by law or regulation, and in any event no later than 120 days after such action is taken, a Plan shall be deemed to have exhausted its rights to appeal or challenge, and automatic termination shall proceed. 
 C. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be forthwith terminated by the Plan or the affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors of BCBSA present and voting at a special meeting expressly called by BCBSA for the purpose on ten (10) days written notice to the Plan advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Plan an opportunity to be heard and to present its response to the Board for (1) failure to comply with any applicable minimum capital or liquidity requirement under the quality control standards of this Agreement or (2) failure to comply with the Organization and Governance quality control standard of this Agreement or (3) impending financial insolvency or (4) for a Smaller Controlled Affiliate (as defined in Exhibit A), failure to comply with any of the applicable requirements of Standards 2, 3, 4, 5 or 7 of attached Exhibit A or (5) the pendency of any action instituted against the Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business or seeking the declaration or establishment of a trust for any of its property or business, unless this Controlled Affiliate License Agreement has been earlier terminated under paragraph 8(E) or (6) failure by a Controlled Affiliate that meets the standards of 2E(1) but not 2E(2) above to obtain BCBSA's written consent to a change in the identity of any owner, in the extent of ownership, or in the identity of any person or entity with the authority to select or appoint members or board members, provided that as to publicly traded Controlled Affiliates this provision shall apply only if the change affects a person or entity that owns at least 5 of the Controlled Affiliate's stock before or after the change or (7) such other reason as is determined in good faith immediately and irreparably to threaten the integrity and reputation of BCBSA, the Plans, any other licensee including Controlled Affiliate and or the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 D. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 8(B), 8(C) or 8(E) herein, should Controlled Affiliate fail to comply with the provisions of this Agreement and not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period) BCBSA or the Plan shall have the right to issue a notice that the Controlled Affiliate is in a state of noncompliance. If a state of noncompliance as aforesaid is undisputed by the Controlled Affiliate or is found to exist by a mandatory dispute resolution panel and is uncured as provided above, BCBSA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of the Agreement or to issue a notice of termination thereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, any disputes as to the termination of this License pursuant to Paragraphs 8(B), 8(C) or 8(E) of this Agreement shall not be subject to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. All other disputes between BCBSA, the Plan and or Controlled Affiliate shall be submitted promptly to mediation and mandatory dispute 
 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -10- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 resolution. The mandatory dispute resolution panel shall have authority to issue orders for specific performance and assess monetary penalties. Except, however, as provided in Paragraphs 8(B) and 8(E) of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may not be finally terminated for any reason without the affirmative vote of a majority of the present and voting members of the Board of Directors of BCBSA. 
 E. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with item 2(E) above 
 (2) Appropriate dues, royalties and other payments for Controlled Affiliate pursuant to paragraph 10 hereof, which are the royalties for this License Agreement, are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA or 
 (3) Any of the following events occur (i) a voluntary petition shall be filed by Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief, or (ii) an involuntary petition or proceeding shall be filed against Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief and such petition or proceeding is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of the date upon which the petition or other document commencing the proceeding is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, or (iii) an order for relief is entered against Controlled Affiliate in any case under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, or Controlled Affiliate is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent as those terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the State of Illinois by any court of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) Controlled Affiliate makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (v) any government or any government official, office, agency, branch, or unit assumes control of Controlled Affiliate or delinquency proceedings (voluntary or involuntary) are instituted, or (vi) an action is brought by Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business, or (vii) an action is instituted by any governmental entity or officer against Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business and such action is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within one hundred thirty (130) days of the date upon which the pleading or other document commencing the action is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, provided that if the action is stayed or its prosecution is enjoined, the one hundred thirty (130) day period is tolled for the duration of the stay or injunction, and provided further, that the Association s Board of Directors may toll or extend the 130 day period at any time prior to its expiration, or (viii) a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of Controlled Affiliate's property or business is appointed or the Controlled Affiliate is ordered dissolved or liquidated. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a declaration or a request for declaration of the existence of a trust over any of the Controlled Affiliate s property or business shall not in itself be deemed to 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 -11- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 constitute or seek appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for purposes of subparagraphs 8(E)(3)(vii) and (viii) of this Agreement. 
 (4) The for-profit, publicly traded Controlled Affiliate is terminated pursuant to Paragraph 3A(4) of this Agreement. In which case, the licenses of any controlled Affiliates directly or indirectly owned by the terminated for profit, publicly traded Controlled Affiliate also shall immediately terminate as provided for in paragraph 3A(4) of this Agreement 
 F. Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including any use in its trade name. 
 G. Upon termination of this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and, if directed by the Association s Board of Directors, shall provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by BCBSA. The BCBSA shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 H. In the event this Agreement terminates pursuant to 8(b) hereof, or in the event the Controlled Affiliate is a Larger Controlled Affiliate (as defined in Exhibit A), upon termination of this Agreement, the provisions of Paragraph 8.G. shall not apply and the following provisions shall apply, except that, in the event of a partial termination of this Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 8(B)(ii) of this Agreement, the notices, national account listing, payment, and audit right listed below shall be applicable solely with respect to the geographic area for which the Plan s license to use the Licensed Names and Marks is terminated 
 (1) The Controlled Affiliate shall send a notice through the U.S. mails, with first class postage affixed, to all individual and group customers, providers, brokers and agents of products or services sold, marketed, underwritten or administered by the Controlled Affiliate under the Licensed Marks and Name. The form and content of the notice shall be specified by BCBSA and shall, at a minimum, notify the recipient of the termination of the license, the consequences thereof, and instructions for obtaining alternate products or services licensed by BCBSA, subject to any conflicting state law and state regulatory requirements. This notice shall be mailed within 15 days after termination. 
 (2) The Controlled Affiliate shall deliver to BCBSA within five days of a request by BCBSA a listing of national accounts in which the Controlled Affiliate is involved (in a control, participating or servicing capacity), identifying the national account and the Controlled Affiliate s role therein. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -12- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (3) Unless the cause of termination is an event respecting BCBSA stated in paragraph 15(a) or (b) of the Plan s license agreement with BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name, the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Plan shall be jointly liable for payment to BCBSA of an amount equal to the Re-Establishment Fee (described below) multiplied by the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate provided that if any other Plan is permitted by BCBSA to use marks or names licensed by BCBSA in the Service Area established by this Agreement, the Re-Establishment Fee shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates and the denominator of which is the total number of Licensed Enrollees in the Service Area. 
 The Re-Establishment Fee shall be indexed to a base fee of 80. The Re-Establishment Fee through December 31, 2005 shall be 80. The Re-Establishment Fee for calendar years after December 31, 2005 shall be adjusted on January 1 of each calendar year up to and including January 1, 2010 and shall be the base fee multiplied by 100 plus the cumulative percentage increase or decrease in the Plans gross administrative expense (standard BCBSA definition) per Licensed Enrollee since December 31, 2004. The adjustment shall end on January 1, 2011, at which time the Re-Establishment Fee shall be fixed at the then-current amount and no longer automatically adjusted. For example, if the Plans gross administrative expense per Licensed Enrollee was 278.60, 285.00 and 290.00 for calendar year end 2004, 2005 and 2006, respectively, the January 1, 2007 Re-Establishment Fee would be 83.27 (100 of base fee plus 1.84 for calendar year 2005 and 1.43 for calendar year 2006. Licensed Enrollee means each and every person and covered dependent who is enrolled as an individual or member of a group receiving products or services sold, marketed or administered under marks or names licensed by BCBSA as determined at the earlier of (i) the end of the last fiscal year of the terminated entity which ended prior to termination or (ii) the fiscal year which ended before any transactions causing the termination began. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount payable pursuant to this subparagraph H. (3) shall be due only to the extent that, in BCBSA s opinion, it does not cause the net worth of the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan or any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Plan to fall below 100 of the Health Risk-Based Capital formula, or its equivalent under any successor formula, as set forth in the applicable financial responsibility standards established by BCBSA (provided such equivalent is approved for purposes of this sub paragraph by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans) measured as of the date of termination, and adjusted for the value of any transactions not made in the ordinary course of business. This payment shall not be due in connection with transactions exclusively by or among Plans or their affiliates, including reorganizations, combinations or mergers, where the BCBSA Board of Directors determines that the license termination does not result in a material diminution in the number of Licensed Enrollees or the extent of their coverage. At least 50 of the Re-Establishment Fee shall be awarded to the Plan (or Plans) that receive the new license(s) for the service area(s) at issue provided, however, that such award shall not become due or payable until all disputes, if any, regarding the amount of and BCBSA s right to such Re-Establishment Fee have been finally resolved and provided 
 Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 -13- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 further that the award shall be based on the final amount actually received by BCBSA. The Board of Directors shall adopt a resolution which it may amend from time to time that shall govern BCBSA s use of its portion of the award. In the event that the Controlled Affiliate s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, BCBSA shall reimburse the Controlled Affiliate (and or the Plan or its other Licensed Controlled Affiliates, as the case may be) for payments made under this subparagraph 8.H.(3) only to the extent that such payments exceed the amounts due to BCBSA pursuant to paragraph 8.M. and any cost associated with reestablishing the Service Area, including any payments made by BCBSA to a Plan or Plans (or their Licensed Controlled Affiliates) for purposes of replacing the Controlled Affiliate. 
 (4) BCBSA shall have the right to examine and audit and or hire at terminated entity s expense a third party auditor to examine and audit the books and records of the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Plan to verify compliance with this paragraph 8.H. 
 (5) Subsequent to termination of this Agreement, the terminated entity and its affiliates, agents, and employees shall have an ongoing and continuing obligation to protect all BCBSA and Blue Licensee data that was acquired or accessed during the period this Agreement was in force, including but not limited to all confidential processes, pricing, provider, discount and other strategic and competitively sensitive information Blue Information from disclosure, and shall not, either alone or with another entity, disclose such Blue Information or use it in any manner to compete without the express written permission of BCBSA. 
 (6) As to a breach of 8.H.(1), (2), (3), (4) or (5) the parties agree that the obligations are immediately enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. As to a breach of 8.H.(1), (2) or (4) by the Controlled Affiliate, the parties agree there is no adequate remedy at law and BCBSA is entitled to obtain specific performance. 
 I. This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Controlled Affiliate or the Plan upon not less than eighteen (18) months written notice to the Association or upon a shorter notice period approved by BCBSA in writing at its sole discretion, or until terminated as otherwise provided herein. The Plan s right to terminate without cause upon such notice is unfettered and may be exercised in the Plan s sole discretion. 
 J. In the event the Controlled Affiliate is a Smaller Controlled Affiliate (as defined in Exhibit A), the Controlled Affiliate agrees to be jointly liable for the amount described in H.3.and M. hereof upon termination of the BCBSA license agreement of any Larger Controlled Affiliate of the Plan. 
 K. BCBSA shall be entitled to enjoin the Controlled Affiliate or any related party in a court of competent jurisdiction from entry into any transaction which would result in a termination of this Agreement unless the Plan s license from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Names has been terminated pursuant to 10(d) of the Plan s license agreement upon the required 18 months written notice. 
 Amended as March 26, 2015 
 -14- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 L. BCBSA acknowledges that it is not the owner of assets of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 M. In the event that the Plan has more than 50 percent voting control of the Controlled Affiliate under Paragraph 2(E)(2) above and is a Larger Controlled Affiliate (as defined in Exhibit A), then the vote called for in Paragraphs 8(C) and 8(D) above shall require the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans. 
 N. In the event this Agreement terminates and is subsequently reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Controlled Affiliate, the Plan, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Plan shall be jointly liable for reimbursing BCBSA the reasonable costs incurred by BCBSA in connection with the termination and the reinstatement or court action, and any associated legal proceedings, including but not limited to outside legal fees, consulting fees, public relations fees, advertising costs, and costs incurred to develop, lease or establish an interim provider network. Any amount due to BCBSA under this subparagraph may be waived in whole or in part by the BCBSA Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 
 9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 The parties agree that any disputes between them or between or among either of them and one or more Plans or Controlled Affiliates of Plans that use in any manner the Blue Shield and Blue Shield Marks and Name are subject to the Mediation and Mandatory Dispute Resolution process attached to and made a part of Plan's License from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name as Exhibit 5 as amended from time-to-time, which documents are incorporated herein by reference as though fully set forth herein. 
 10. LICENSE FEE 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this License determined pursuant to the formula(s) set forth in Exhibit C. 
 11. JOINT VENTURE 
 Nothing contained in the Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between Plan and Controlled Affiliate or between either and BCBSA. 
 12. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -15- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 13. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. 
 14. SEVERABILITY 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such findings shall in no way affect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 15. NONWAIVER 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 15A. VOTING 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -16- 

Exhibit 10.12 

THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY BLANK. 

Exhibit 10.12 

 16. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 17. HEADINGS 
 The headings inserted in this agreement are for convenience only and shall have no bearing on the interpretation hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed and effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 Controlled Affiliate 
 By ___________________________ 
 Date __________________________ 
 
 Plan 
 By ___________________________ 
 Date __________________________ 
 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By ___________________________ 
 Date __________________________ 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 
 
 -17- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS 
 June 2022 
 PREAMBLE 
 For purposes of definition 
 A smaller Controlled Affiliate (1) comprises less than fifteen percent (15 of Sponsoring Plan's and its licensed Controlled Affiliates' total member enrollment (as reported on the BCBSA Quarterly Enrollment Report, excluding rider and freestanding coverage, and treating an entity seeking licensure as licensed) or (2) underwrites the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance and has total premium revenue less than 15 percent of the Sponsoring Plan s net subscription revenue. 
 A larger Controlled Affiliate comprises fifteen percent (15 or more of Sponsoring Plan's and its licensed Controlled Affiliates' total member enrollment (as reported on the BCBSA Quarterly Enrollment Report, excluding rider and freestanding coverage, and treating an entity seeking licensure as licensed.) 
 Changes in Controlled Affiliate status 
 If any Controlled Affiliate's status changes regarding its Plan ownership level, its risk acceptance or direct delivery of medical care, the Controlled Affiliate shall notify BCBSA within thirty (30) days of such occurrence in writing and come into compliance with the applicable standards within six (6) months. 
 If a smaller Controlled Affiliate s health and workers compensation administration business reaches or surpasses fifteen percent (15 of the total member enrollment of the Sponsoring Plan and licensed Controlled Affiliates, the Controlled Affiliate shall 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 
 
 -18- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 1. Within thirty (30) days, notify BCBSA of this fact in writing, including evidence that the Controlled Affiliate meets the minimum liquidity and capital (BCBSA Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) as defined by the NAIC and state-established minimum reserve) requirements of the larger Controlled Affiliate Financial Responsibility standard and 
 2. Within six (6) months after reaching or surpassing the fifteen percent (15 threshold, demonstrate compliance with all license requirements for a larger Controlled Affiliate. 
 If a Controlled Affiliate that underwrites the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance receives a change in rating or proposed change in rating, the Controlled Affiliate shall notify BCBSA within 30 days of notification by the external rating agency. 
 
 For purposes of this calculation, 
 The numerator equals 
 Applicant Controlled Affiliate's member enrollment, as defined in BCBSA's Quarterly Enrollment Report (excluding rider and freestanding coverage). 
 The denominator equals 
 Numerator PLUS Sponsoring Plan and all other licensed Controlled Affiliates' member enrollment, as reported in BCBSA's Quarterly Enrollment Report (excluding rider and freestanding coverage). 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 
 
 -19- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 STANDARDS FOR LICENSED CONTROLLED AFFILIATES 
 Each licensed controlled affiliate shall be subject to certain standards as determined below 
 1. What percent of the licensed controlled affiliate is controlled by the Sponsoring Plan and other Plans 
 More than 50 by Sponsoring Plan 

Standard 1A, 4 
 50 by Sponsoring Plan 

Standard 1B, 4 
 
 100 Plan Control but less than 50 Sponsoring Plan Control and it offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and services 
 
 Standard 1C, 4 
 100 Sponsoring Plan control and on a Blue-branded basis, it only offers Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product 

Standard 1D, 4 
 At least 50 by Sponsoring Plan or operational Control by Sponsoring Plan and it solely operates as a Clinic as defined in Standard 1E. 

Standard 1E, 4 

IN ADDITION, 
 2. Is risk being assumed 
 Yes No 

Controlled Affiliate underwrites any indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 
 
 Standards 7A-7E, 11 
 Controlled Affiliate comprises 15 of total member enrollment of Sponsoring Plan and its licensed affiliates, and does not underwrite the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 

Standard 2 (Guidelines 1.1,1.2) and Standard 11 
 Controlled Affiliate comprises 15 of total member enrollment of Sponsoring Plan and its licensed affiliates, and does not underwrite the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 

Standard 6H 
 Controlled Affiliate comprises 15 of total member enrollment of Sponsoring Plan and its licensed affiliates 

Standard 2 
 (Guidelines 1.1,1.3) and Standard 11 
 Controlled Affiliate comprises 15 of total member enrollment of Sponsoring Plan and its licensed affiliates 

Standard 6H 

IN ADDITION, 
 3. Is medical care being directly provided as a staff model HMO 
 Yes 
 
 Standard 3A 
 No 
 
 Standard 3B 

Amended as of June 20, 2019 
 
 -20- 

Exhibit 10.12 

EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 STANDARDS FOR LICENSED CONTROLLED AFFILIATES 
 Each licensed controlled affiliate shall be subject to certain standards as determined below 
 IN ADDITION, 
 4. Is the licensed controlled affiliate operating as a Clinic, as defined in Standard 1(E) 
 
 Yes 
 
 Standard 3C and Standard 2, 1.4 (if organized as a health plan that also operates as a Clinic. 

5. If the controlled affiliate has health or workers compensation administration business, does such business comprise 15 or more of the total member enrollment of Plan and its licensed Controlled Affiliates 
 Yes No 

Standards 6A-6J Controlled Affiliate 
 is not a former 
 primary licensee and is not subject to Standard 1(C) 

Standards 5,8,9B,10,11 
 Controlled Affiliate is a former primary licensee 

Standards 5,8,9A,10,11 
 Controlled Affiliate is not a former primary licensee and is subject to Standard 1(C) 

Standards 5,8,9B,11 

Amended as of June 20, 2019 
 
 -21- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 1A.) The Standard for more than 50 Plan control is 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized and operated in such a manner that a Plan authorized to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate pursuant to the separate Primary License Agreement with BCBSA has the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 1) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having more than 50 voting control thereof and 2) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan do not concur and 3) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own more than 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 1B.) The Standard for 50 Plan control is 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized and operated in such a manner that a Plan authorized to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate pursuant to the separate Primary License Agreement with BCBSA has the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 1) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 50 voting control thereof and 
 2) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Sponsoring Plan do not concur and 
 3) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate at least equal to that exercised by persons or entities (jointly or individually) other than the Sponsoring Plan. 

Amended September 19, 2014 
 
 -22- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 1) through 3) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by the Sponsoring Plan before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 change the geographic area in which it operates 
 change its legal and or trade names 
 change any of the types of businesses in which it engages 
 create, or become liable for by way of guarantee, any indebtedness, other than indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business 
 sell any assets, except for sales in the ordinary course of business or sales of equipment no longer useful or being replaced 
 make any loans or advances except in the ordinary course of business 
 enter into any arrangement or agreement with any party directly or indirectly affiliated with any of the owners or persons or entities with the authority to select or appoint members or board members of the Controlled Affiliate, other than the Sponsoring Plan or other Plans (excluding owners of stock holdings of under 5 in a publicly traded Controlled Affiliate) 
 conduct any business other than under the Licensed Marks and Name 
 take any action that the Sponsoring Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own at least 50 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 1C.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and service and has100 Plan control but less than 50 Sponsoring Plan Control 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized and operated in such a manner that (i) it offers solely Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans products and services and (ii) a Plan authorized to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate pursuant to the separate Primary License Agreement with BCBSA (the Sponsoring Plan,) has the legal authority together with Other Plans 

Amended September 27, 2018 
 
 -23- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 1) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body and 
 2) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 3) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate, with the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans each having an ownership interest. Such 100 control and ownership by Plans shall be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. Further, the Sponsoring Plan and such other Plans shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License. 
 1D). The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that on a Blue-branded basis, only offers a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug product and has 100 Plan control is 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized and operated in such a manner that (i) on a Blue-branded basis, it only offers a Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug product and (ii) the Sponsoring Plan has the legal authority 
 1) to select all members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body and 
 2) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 3) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 In addition, the Sponsoring Plan shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. Such 100 control and ownership by Sponsoring Plan must be direct or, if indirect, solely through affiliates that are licensed to use marks owned by BCBSA. 
 Further, the Sponsoring Plan and Participating Plan shall execute the Addendum to Controlled Affiliate License. 
 1E). The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that operates as a Clinic and the Sponsoring Plan has control of the Clinic is 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be organized in such a manner that it operates as a Clinic and Sponsoring Plan exercises operational control over the Controlled Affiliate. 
 In addition, if the Clinic is for-profit, the Sponsoring Plan shall own at least 50 of the Controlled Affiliate and prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate. 

Amended June 20, 2019 
 
 -24- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 2 - Financial Responsibility 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. If a risk-assuming Controlled Affiliate ceases operations for any reason, Blue Cross and or Blue Cross Plan coverage will be offered to all Controlled Affiliate subscribers without exclusions, limitations or conditions based on health status. If a nonrisk-assuming Controlled Affiliate ceases operations for any reason, Sponsoring Plan will provide for services to its customers. The requirements of the preceding two sentences shall apply to all lines of business unless a line of business is specially exempted from the requirement(s) by the BCBSA Board of Directors. 
 Standard 3 - State Licensure Certification 
 3A.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that employs, owns or contracts on a substantially exclusive basis for medical services is 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain unimpaired licensure or certification for its medical care providers to operate under applicable state laws. 
 3B.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that does not employ, own or contract on a substantially exclusive basis for medical services is 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain unimpaired licensure or certification to operate under applicable state laws. 
 3C.) The Standard for a Controlled Affiliate that operates as a Clinic as defined in Standard 1(E) is 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain appropriate and unimpaired licensure and certifications. 
 Standard 4 - Certain Disclosures 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall make adequate disclosure in contracting with third parties and in disseminating public statements of 1) the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield System and 2) the independent nature of every licensee and 3) the Controlled Affiliate's financial condition. 

Amended as of June 20, 2019 
 
 -25- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 5 - Reports and Records for Certain Smaller Controlled Affiliates 
 For a smaller Controlled Affiliate that does not underwrite the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance, the Standard is 
 A Controlled Affiliate and or its Sponsoring licensed Plan shall furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, reports and records relating to these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and Controlled Affiliate. 
 Standard 6 - Other Standards for Larger Controlled Affiliates 
 Standards 6(A) - (I) that follow apply to larger Controlled Affiliates. 
 Standard 6(A) Board of Directors 
 A Controlled Affiliate Governing Board shall act in the interest of its Corporation in providing cost-effective health care services to its customers. A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain a governing Board, which shall control the Controlled Affiliate, composed of a majority of persons other than providers of health care services, who shall be known as public members. A public member shall not be an employee of or have a financial interest in a health care provider, nor be a member of a profession which provides health care services. 
 Standard 6(B) Responsiveness to Customers 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner responsive to customer needs and requirements. 
 Standard 6(C) Participation in National Programs 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall effectively and efficiently participate in each national program as from time to time may be adopted by the Member Plans for the purposes of providing portability of membership between the licensees and ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the Controlled Affiliate's Service Area. 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 
 
 -26- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 6(C) Participation in National Programs (continued) 
 Such programs are applicable to licensees, and include 
 1. BlueCard Program 
 2. Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS). 
 3. National Account Programs 
 4. Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees, effective April 14, 2003 and 
 5. Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program. 
 Standard 6(D) Financial Performance Requirements 
 In addition to requirements under the national programs listed in 
 Standard 6C Participation in National Programs, a Controlled Affiliate shall take such action as required to ensure its financial performance in programs and contracts of an inter-licensee nature or where BCBSA is a party. 
 Standard 6(E) Cooperation with Plan Performance Response Process 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall cooperate with BCBSA's Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of the Plan Performance Response Process and in addressing Controlled Affiliate performance problems identified thereunder. 
 Standard 6(F) Independent Financial Rating 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall obtain a rating of its financial strength from an independent rating agency approved by BCBSA's Board of Directors for such purpose. 
 Standard 6(G) Local Best Efforts 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan s License Agreement with BCBSA or in this License Agreement, during each year, a Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Blue Shield Mark. 
 Standard 6(H) Financial Responsibility 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. 

Amended as of April 27, 2021 
 
 -27- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 6(I) Reports and Records 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall furnish to BCBSA on a timely and accurate basis reports and records relating to compliance with these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and Controlled Affiliate. Such reports and records are the following 
 A) BCBSA Controlled Affiliate Licensure Information Request and 
 B) Triennial trade name and service mark usage material, including disclosure material and 
 C) Changes in the ownership and governance of the Controlled Affiliate, including changes in its charter, articles of incorporation, or bylaws, changes in a Controlled Affiliate's Board composition, or changes in the identity of the Controlled Affiliate's Principal Officers, and changes in risk acceptance, contract growth, or direct delivery of medical care and 
 D) Semi-annual Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) Report as defined by the NAIC, Annual Certified Audit Report, Insurance Department Examination Report, Annual Statement filed with State Insurance Department (with all attachments), and 

Amended as of November 17, 2011 
 
 -28- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 6(J) Control by Unlicensed Entities Prohibited 
 No Controlled Affiliate shall cause or permit an entity other than a Plan or a Licensed Controlled Affiliate thereof to obtain control of the Controlled Affiliate or to acquire a substantial portion of its assets related to licensable services. 
 Standard 7 - Other Standards for Risk-Assuming Workers Compensation Controlled Affiliates 
 Standards 7(A) - (E) that follow apply to Controlled Affiliates that underwrite the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance. 
 Standard 7 (A) Financial Responsibility 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. 
 Standard 7(B) Reports and Records 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, reports and records relating to compliance with these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and the Controlled Affiliate. Such reports and records are the following 
 A. BCBSA Controlled Affiliate Licensure Information Request and 
 B. Triennial trade name and service mark usage materials, including disclosure materials and 
 C. Annual Certified Audit Report, Annual Statement as filed with the State Insurance Department (with all attachments), Annual NAIC s Risk-Based Capital Worksheets for Property and Casualty Insurers and 
 D. Quarterly Estimated Risk-Based Capital for Property and Casualty Insurers, Insurance Department Examination Report and 

Amended as of November 17, 2011 
 
 -29- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 E. Notification of all changes and proposed changes to independent ratings within 30 days of receipt and submission of a copy of all rating reports and 
 F. Changes in the ownership and governance of the Controlled Affiliate including changes in its charter, articles of incorporation, or bylaws, changes in a Controlled Affiliate s Board composition, Plan control, state license status, operating area, the Controlled Affiliate s Principal Officers or direct delivery of medical care. 
 Standard 7(C) Loss Prevention 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall apply loss prevention protocol to both new and existing business. 
 Standard 7(D) Claims Administration 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain an effective claims administration process that includes all the necessary functions to assure prompt and proper resolution of medical and indemnity claims. 
 Standard 7(E) Disability and Provider Management 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall arrange for the provision of appropriate and necessary medical and rehabilitative services to facilitate early intervention by medical professionals and timely and appropriate return to work. 

Amended as of November 16, 2000 
 
 -30- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 8 - Cooperation with Controlled Affiliate License Performance Response Process Protocol 
 A Controlled Affiliate and its Sponsoring Plan shall cooperate with BCBSA s Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of the Controlled Affiliate License Performance Response Process Protocol (ALPRPP) and in addressing Controlled Affiliate compliance problems identified thereunder. 
 Standard 9(A) - Participation in National Programs by Smaller Controlled Affiliates that were former Primary Licensees 
 A smaller controlled affiliate that formerly was a Primary Licensee shall effectively and efficiently participate in certain national programs from time to time as may be adopted by Member Plans for the purposes of providing ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the Controlled Affiliate s service area and be subject to certain relevant financial and reporting requirements. 
 A. National program requirements include 
 BlueCard Program 
 Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS) 
 National Account Programs. 
 B. Financial Requirements include 
 Standard 6(D) Financial Performance Requirements and Standard 6(H) Financial Responsibility or 
 A financial guarantee covering the Controlled Affiliate s Inter-Plan Programs obligations in a form, and from a guarantor, acceptable to BCBSA. 

Amended as of November 21, 2014 
 
 -31- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 9(A) - Participation in National Programs by Smaller Controlled Affiliates that were former Primary Licensees 
 C. Reporting requirements include 
 The Semi-annual Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) Report. 

Amended as of June 13, 2002 
 
 -32- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Exhibit A (continued) 
 Standard 9(B) - Participation in National Programs by Smaller Controlled Affiliates 
 A smaller controlled affiliate shall participate in national programs in accordance with BlueCard and other relevant Policies and Provisions shall effectively and efficiently participate in national programs from time to time as may be adopted by Member Plans for the purposes of providing ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the controlled affiliate s service area and be subject to certain relevant financial and reporting requirements. 
 A. National program requirements include 
 BlueCard Program 
 Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS). 
 National Account Programs. 
 B. Financial Requirements include 
 Standard 6(D) Financial Performance Requirements and Standard 6(H) Financial Responsibility or 
 A financial guarantee covering the Controlled Affiliate s Inter-Plan Programs obligations in a form, and from a guarantor, acceptable to BCBSA. 

Amended as of June 20, 2013 
 
 -33- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 10 - Participation in Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program 
 A smaller controlled affiliate for which this standard applies pursuant to the Preamble section of Exhibit A of the Controlled Affiliate License Agreement shall effectively and efficiently participate in certain national programs from time to time as may be adopted by Member Plans for the purposes of providing ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the controlled affiliate s service area. 
 National program requirements include 
 A. Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program. 
 Standard 11 Participation in Master Business Associate Agreement by Smaller Controlled Affiliate Licensees 
 Effective April 14, 2003, all smaller controlled affiliates shall comply with the terms of the Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees to the extent they perform the functions of a business associate or subcontractor to a business associate, as defined by the Business Associate Agreement. 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 
 
 -34- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT B-1 
 ADDENDUM TO CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE TO BE EXECUTED BY CONTROLLED AFFILIATES LICENSED UNDER CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARD 1C. 
 ADDENDUM TO CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE 
 This Addendum is made to that certain Blue Shield Controlled Affiliate License Agreement executed by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association Licensor ), __________________________ Controlled Affiliate Licensee and _________________________________________( Sponsoring Plan dated the _____ day of ____________ , _____ Agreement ). The parties to this Addendum are Licensor, Controlled Affiliate Licensee, Sponsoring Plan, and the undersigned other Plans Other Plans ). This Addendum is made and shall be deemed effective as of the date of the Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, the Sponsoring Plan asserts that it can serve the Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans market in its Service Area more efficiently and with less risk through an enterprise jointly owned and controlled with other Plans than through a wholly owned and Controlled Affiliate Licensee 
 WHEREAS, in such circumstance Controlled Affiliate License Standard 1C permits the licensing of a Controlled Affiliate that is less than 50 owned and controlled by the Sponsoring Plan but which is 100 owned and controlled by Plans including the Sponsoring Plan, subject to certain conditions 
 WHEREAS, one such condition is that the Sponsoring Plan and all such other owning and controlling Plans enter into this Addendum 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, including the promises and covenants set forth herein, the parties agree as follows 
 1. This Addendum is limited to identify product name . 
 2. The Sponsoring Plan shall participate operationally in Controlled Affiliate s business that is conducted under the Licensed Marks. The parties understand that participation may take many forms, one of which should be providing a network of providers in the Service Area of the Controlled Affiliate for the Medicaid, Medicare Advantage PPO, Medicare Advantage HMO and or Special Need Plans services being offered under the Agreement and being involved in network development and provider engagement functions. 
 3. Each of the Other Plans agrees that (i) it will cooperate fully with the Sponsoring Plan and BCBSA as needed to enable Sponsoring Plan and Controlled Affiliate Licensee to meet their obligations to Licensor under the Agreement and all associated rules and regulations of Licensor, including the Brand Regulations, (ii) it 

-35- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 will not take any action, either individually or jointly with any of the Other Plans, that would cause Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee to violate the Agreement, and (iii) it will not fail to take any action, either individually or jointly with any of the Other Plans, where such failure would cause Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee to violate the Agreement. 
 4. Each of the Other Plans acknowledges that it has reviewed the Agreement and understands that Sponsoring Plan has the right to terminate the Agreement without cause upon notice as provided in Paragraph 8 of the Agreement, and that such right is unfettered and may be exercised by Sponsoring Plan in its sole discretion. 
 
 WHEREFORE, by signing below the parties agree to be bound to the terms stated herein. 
 BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By ________________________________________ 
 
 Controlled Affiliate Licensee 
 By ________________________________________ 
 
 Sponsoring Plan 
 By ________________________________________ 
 
 Other Plan 1 
 By ________________________________________ 
 
 Other Plan 2 
 By ________________________________________ 

Amended as of September 27, 2018 
 
 -36- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT B-2 
 ADDENDUM TO CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE TO BE EXECUTED BY CONTROLLED AFFILIATES LICENSED UNDER CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARD 1D. 
 ADDENDUM TO CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE 
 This Addendum is made to that certain Blue Shield Controlled Affiliate License Agreement executed by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association Licensor ), __________________________ Controlled Affiliate Licensee ), _____________________________________( Sponsoring Plan and ___________________________________ Participating Plan dated the _____ day of ____________ , _____ Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS, the Participating Plan is defined as the Plan that holds the Primary License with BCBSA to use the Service Marks in the Service Area where the Controlled Affiliate will use the Service Marks 
 WHEREAS, the Participating Plan asserts that it can offer a lower cost Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product more efficiently in the Participating Plan s Service Area through the Controlled Affiliate Licensee 
 WHEREAS, the Controlled Affiliate shall only use the Service Marks inside of the Participating Plan(s) Service Area subject to each Participating Plan signing a separate Addendum 
 WHEREAS, in such circumstance Controlled Affiliate License Standard 1D permits the licensing of a Controlled Affiliate that is 100 owned and controlled by a Sponsoring Plan, subject to certain conditions 
 WHEREAS, one such condition is that the Sponsoring Plan, Controlled Affiliate and the Participating Plan enter into this Addendum 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, including the promises and covenants set forth herein, the parties agree as follows 
 1. The Participating Plan shall participate in Controlled Affiliate s business that is conducted under the Licensed Marks. The parties understand that the Participating Plan shall conduct sales support and marketing of the Controlled Affiliate s Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product offered in the Participating Plan s Service Area. Any other form of participation shall require BCBSA s written approval. 
 2. Participating Plan agrees that (i) it will cooperate fully with the Sponsoring Plan and BCBSA as needed to enable Sponsoring Plan and 

37 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Controlled Affiliate Licensee to meet their obligations to Licensor under the Agreement and all associated rules and regulations of Licensor, including the Brand Regulations, (ii) it will not take any action that would cause Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee to violate the Agreement, and (iii) it will not fail to take any action, either individually or jointly with the Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee, where such failure would cause Sponsoring Plan or Controlled Affiliate Licensee to violate the Agreement. 
 3. The Controlled Affiliate Licensee shall only use the Licensed Marks authorized by the Participating Plan in connection with the Basic Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan product offered in the Participating Plan s Service Area. 
 4. The Sponsoring Plan and Controlled Affiliate acknowledge that it has reviewed the Agreement and understands that Participating Plan has the right to terminate this Agreement (i) immediately upon the expiration or termination of the Plan Participation Agreement by and between Participating Plan and Controlled Affiliate upon written notice to the Sponsoring Plan, Controlled Affiliate Licensee and Licensor, or (ii) without cause upon 18 months written notice to the Sponsoring Plan, Controlled Affiliate Licensee and Licensor, and that such right is unfettered and may be exercised by Participating Plan in its sole discretion. In the event that Participating Plan and Controlled Affiliate fail to execute the Plan Participation Agreement by ____________(Date), Participating Plan may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to Sponsoring Plan, Controlled Affiliate Licensee and Licensor. 
 5. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate Licensee's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that the Sponsoring Plan or Participating Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 WHEREFORE, by signing below the parties agree to be bound to the terms stated herein. 
 BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Controlled Affiliate Licensee 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Sponsoring Plan 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Participating Plan 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Amended March 17, 2016 
 38 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT C 
 ROYALTY FORMULA FOR SECTION 9 OF THE CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 FOR RISK PRODUCTS 
 For Controlled Affiliates not underwriting the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 
 An amount equal to its pro rata share of Sponsoring Plan's dues payable to BCBSA computed with the addition of the Controlled Affiliate's members using the Marks on health care plans and related services as reported on the Quarterly Enrollment Report with BCBSA. The payment by Sponsoring Plan of its dues to BCBSA, including that portion described in this paragraph, will satisfy the requirement of this paragraph, and no separate payment will be necessary. 
 For Controlled Affiliates underwriting the indemnity portion of workers compensation insurance 
 An amount equal to 0.35 percent of the gross revenue per annum of Controlled Affiliate arising from products using the marks plus, an annual fee of 5,000 per license for a Controlled Affiliate subject to Standard 7. 

Amended as of September, 19, 2014 
 
 -39- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT C (continued) 
 FOR NONRISK PRODUCTS 
 For third-party administrative business, an amount equal to its pro rata share of Sponsoring Plan s dues payable to BCBSA computed with the addition of the Controlled Affiliate s members using the Marks on health care plans and related services as reported on the Quarterly Enrollment Report with BCBSA. The payment by Sponsoring Plan of its dues to BCBSA, including that portion described in this paragraph, will satisfy the requirement of this paragraph, and no separate payment will be necessary. 
 For non-third-party administrative business (e.g., case management, provider networks, etc.), an amount equal to 0.24 percent of the gross revenue per annum of Controlled Affiliate arising from products using the marks plus 
 1) An annual fee of 5,000 per license for a Controlled Affiliate subject to Standard 6 D. 
 2) An annual fee of 2,000 per license for all other Controlled Affiliates. 
 The foregoing shall be reduced by one-half where both a BLUE CROSS and BLUE SHIELD License are issued to the same Controlled Affiliate. In the event that any license period is greater or less than one (1) year, any amounts due shall be prorated. Royalties under this formula will be calculated, billed and paid in arrears. 

Amended as of September 19, 2014 
 
 -40- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 1A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT APPLICABLE TO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES 
 (Includes revisions adopted by Member Plans through their June 16, 2022 meeting) 
 This agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA _______________________________( Controlled Affiliate ), a Controlled Affiliate of the Blue Shield Plan(s), known as _______________________________________( Plan ). 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks 
 WHEREAS, the Plan and the Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks as service marks and be entitled to use the term BLUE SHIELD in a trade name Licensed Name 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to the Controlled Affiliate the exclusive right to use the licensed Marks and Names in connection with and only in connection with those life insurance and related services authorized by applicable state law, other than health care plans and related services (as defined in the Plan's License Agreements with BCBSA) which services are not separately licensed to Controlled Affiliate by BCBSA, in the Service Area served by the Plan, except that BCBSA reserves the right to use the Licensed Marks and Name in said Service Area, and except to the extent that said Service Area may overlap the area or areas served by one or more other licensed Blue Shield Plans as of the date of this License as to which overlapping areas the rights hereby granted are non-exclusive as to such other Plan or Plans and their respective Licensed Controlled Affiliates only. Controlled Affiliate cannot use the Licensed Marks or Name outside the Service Area or in its legal or trade name provided, however, that if and only for so long as Controlled Affiliate also holds a Blue Shield Affiliate License Agreement applicable to health care plans and related services, Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its legal and trade name according to the terms of such license agreement. 

Amended as of June 12, 2003 
 
 -1- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 A. Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks and Name only in relation to the sale, marketing and rendering of authorized products and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in Exhibit A as it may be amended by BCBSA from time-to-time. 
 B. Controlled Affiliate agrees that Plan and or BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 C. Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by Plan or by BCBSA) a report to Plan and BCBSA demonstrating Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of Exhibit A. 
 D. As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner that it is subject to the bona fide control of a Plan or Plans. Absent written approval by BCBSA of an alternative method of control, bona fide control shall mean the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate's governing body having not less than 51 voting control thereof (b) to exercise operational control with respect to the governance thereof and (c) to prevent any change in its articles of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents deemed inappropriate. In addition, a Plan or Plans shall own at least 51 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. If the Controlled Affiliate is a mutual company, the Plan or its designee(s) shall have and maintain, in lieu of the requirements of items (a) and (c) above, proxies representing 51 of the votes at any meeting of the policyholders and shall demonstrate that there is no reason to believe this such proxies shall be revoked by sufficient policyholders to reduce such percentage below 51 . 
 3. SERVICE MARK USE 
 Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks, including but not limited to use of such symbols or words as BCBSA shall specify to protect the Licensed Marks, and shall comply with such rules (applicable to all Controlled Affiliates licensed to use the Marks) relative to service mark use, as are issued from time-to-time by BCBSA. If there is any public reference to the affiliation between the Plan and the Controlled Affiliate, all of the Controlled Affiliate's licensed services in the Service Area of the Plan shall be rendered under the Licensed Marks. Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks by Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 4. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 Controlled Affiliate shall not sublicense, transfer, hypothecate, sell, encumber or mortgage, by operation of law or otherwise, the rights granted hereunder and any such act shall be voidable at the option of Plan or BCBSA. This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to Controlled Affiliate. 
 5. INFRINGEMENTS 
 Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify Plan and BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off which may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks. Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require Plan or BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to Plan and BCBSA, free of charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks by BCBSA. 
 6. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 Controlled Affiliate hereby agrees to save, defend, indemnify and hold Plan and BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description which may arise as a result of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of health care services under the Licensed Marks. 
 7. LICENSE TERM 
 The license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods upon evidence satisfactory to the Plan and BCBSA that Controlled Affiliate meets the then applicable quality control standards, unless one of the parties hereto notifies the other party of the termination hereof at least sixty (60) days prior to expiration of any license period. 
 This Agreement may be terminated by the Plan or by BCBSA for cause at any time provided that Controlled Affiliate has been given a reasonable opportunity to cure and shall not effect such a cure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice of the intent to terminate (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period). By way of example and not for purposes of limitation, Controlled Affiliate's failure to abide by the quality control provisions of Paragraph 2, above, shall be considered a proper ground for cancellation of this Agreement. 

-3- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate s rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 A. Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with Standard No. 1 (Organization and Governance) of Exhibit A or, following an opportunity to cure, with the remaining quality control provisions of Exhibit A, as it may be amended from time-to-time or 
 B. Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks or 
 C. Appropriate dues for Controlled Affiliate pursuant to item 8 hereof, which are the royalties for this License Agreement are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA. 
 Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks including any use in its trade name. 
 In the event of any disagreement between Plan and BCBSA as to whether grounds exist for termination or as to any other term or condition hereof, the decision of BCBSA shall control, subject to provisions for mediation or mandatory dispute resolution in effect between the parties. 
 Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensed Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers that it is no longer a licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and provide instruction on how the customer can contact the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The written notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by the Association. The Association shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 8. DUES 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 An annual fee of five thousand dollars 5,000) per license, plus 
 .05 of gross revenue per year from branded group products, plus 
 .5 of gross revenue per year from branded individual products plus 
 .14 of gross revenue per year from branded individual annuity products. 

-4- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 The foregoing percentages shall be reduced by one-half where both a BLUE CROSS and BLUE SHIELD license are issued to the same entity. In the event that any License period is greater or less than one (1) year, any amounts due shall be prorated. Royalties under this formula will be calculated, billed and paid in arrears. 
 Plan will promptly and timely transmit to BCBSA all dues owed by Controlled Affiliate as determined by the above formula and if Plan shall fail to do so, Controlled Affiliate shall pay such dues directly. 
 9. JOINT VENTURE 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between Plan and Controlled Affiliate or between either and BCBSA. 
 9A . VOTING 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 10. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 

Amended as of November 20, 1997 
 
 -5- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 11. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by a writing executed by all parties. 
 12. SEVERABILITY 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such finding shall in no way effect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 13. NONWAIVER 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of the Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 14 . GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 

Amended as of June 16, 2005 
 
 -6- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed, effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By _________________________________ 
 Date ________________________________ 
 
 Controlled Affiliate 
 By _________________________________ 
 Date ________________________________ 
 
 Plan 
 By _________________________________ 
 Date ________________________________ 

-7- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS 
 LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES 
 Page 1 of 2 
 PREAMBLE 
 The standards for licensing Life Insurance Companies (Life and Health Insurance companies, as defined by state statute) are established by BCBSA and are subject to change from time-to-time upon the affirmative vote of three-fourths (3 4) of the Plans and three-fourths (3 4) of the total weighted vote of all Plans. Each Licensed Plan is required to use a standard controlled affiliate license form provided by BCBSA and to cooperate fully in assuring that the licensed Life Insurance Company maintains compliance with the license standards. 
 An organization meeting the following standards shall be eligible for a license to use the Licensed Marks within the service area of its sponsoring Licensed Plan to the extent and the manner authorized under the Controlled Affiliate License applicable to Life Insurance Companies and the principal license to the Plan. 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 The LIC shall be organized and operated in such a manner that it is controlled by a licensed Plan or Plans which have, directly or indirectly 1) not less than 51 of the voting control of the LIC and 2) the legal ability to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the LIC with which it does not concur and 3) operational control of the LIC. 
 If the LIC is a mutual company, the Plan or its designee(s) shall have and maintain, in lieu of the requirements of items 1 and 2 above, proxies representing at least 51 of the votes at any policyholder meeting and shall demonstrate that there is no reason to believe such proxies shall be revoked by sufficient policyholders to reduce such percentage below 51 . 
 Standard 2 - State Licensure 
 The LIC must maintain unimpaired licensure or certificate of authority to operate under applicable state laws as a life and health insurance company in each state in which the LIC does business. 

-1- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS 
 LIFE INSURANCE COMPANIES 
 Page 2 of 2 
 Standard 3 - Records and Examination 
 The LIC and its sponsoring licensed Plan(s) shall maintain and furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, such records and reports regarding the LIC as may be required in order to establish compliance with the license agreement. The LIC and its sponsoring licensed Plan(s) shall permit BCBSA to examine the affairs of the LIC and shall agree that BCBSA's board may submit a written report to the chief executive officer(s) and the board(s) of directors of the sponsoring Plan(s). 
 Standard 4 - Mediation 
 The LIC and its sponsoring Plan(s) shall agree to use the then-current BCBSA mediation and mandatory dispute resolution processes, in lieu of a legal action between or among another licensed controlled affiliate, a licensed Plan or BCBSA. 
 Standard 5 - Financial Responsibility 
 The LIC shall maintain adequate financial resources to protect its customers and meet its business obligations. 
 Standard 6 - Cooperation with Affiliate License Performance Response Process Protocol 
 The LIC and its Sponsoring Plan(s) shall cooperate with BCBSA s Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of the Affiliate License Performance Response Process Protocol (ALPRPP) and in addressing LIC compliance problems identified thereunder. 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Exhibit 1A1 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR LIFE AND DISABILTY INSURANCE PRODUCTS 
 This Agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and ___________________, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate which is a company offering life and disability insurance products owned and controlled by __________________, ____________, _____________ individually, Sponsoring Plan and when referred to collectively, Sponsoring Plans ). 
 Whereas, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE CROSS and BLUE SHIELD word and design service marks and any derivatives thereof Licensed Marks 
 Whereas, each Sponsoring Plan is licensed separately by BCBSA to use one or more of the Licensed Marks in a particular Service Area 
 Whereas, the Sponsoring Plans and the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the appropriate Licensed Marks in connection with life and disability insurance products in some or all of such Sponsoring Plans Service Areas and in the Service Areas of other Regular Member Plans, as defined in the BCBSA By-laws, Blue Plans consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 A. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate the limited right to use the Licensed Marks in connection with and only in connection with the following life and disability insurance products authorized by state law (1) Group Term Life, Long Term Disability, Whole Life, Benefit Life, Universal Life (2) Individual Term Life, Whole Life, Dependent Life, S p ouse Life (3) Other Disability Income, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, Income Replacement and (4) such other life and disability products approved by BCBSA in writing Licensed Products in the Service Areas served by the Sponsoring Plans or in the Service Area or Areas of one or more other licensed Blue Plans, provided that such Blue Plans have consented to such use as authorized by this Agreement. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may not use the Licensed Marks in its legal or trade name. 

-1- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 B. Notwithstanding that the license granted to Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate is a license to use all of the Licensed Marks, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may only use those of the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of a Sponsoring Plan or other consenting Blue Plan as described below that such Plan is authorized to use as a Blue Plan pursuant to its separate license agreements with BCBSA. 
 C. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks in the Service Areas of Sponsoring Plans or in the Service Area of a Blue Plan that is not a signatory to this Agreement only after such Sponsoring Plan(s) or non-signatory Blue Plan consents to such use by executing a written consent in substantially the same form as the Consent Agreement attached as Exhibit B . 
 D. The following provisions apply with respect to Consent Agreements once such agreements have been fully and properly executed 
 (1) All sales, marketing and advertising materials developed by and proposed for use by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in the Service Area of Sponsoring Plan or consenting Blue Plan (hereinafter, such consenting Sponsoring Plan or consenting Blue Plan collectively referred to Consenting Plan(s) must clearly identify the Consenting Plan (for example, a statement on such materials that reads This product is offered with the cooperation of Blue Cross and or Blue Shield of Geography 
 (2) To the extent the Consenting Plan has separate divisions or other Affiliates that use the Licensed Marks in distinct geographic areas within its Service Area, consent obtained under this Agreement may be limited to one or more of such specific geographic areas as specified by the Consenting Plan in its signed Consent Agreement. For purposes of this entire Agreement, all references to the Service Area of a Sponsoring Plan, Blue Plan or Consenting Plan may include the entire Service Area or a distinct geographic area within such Service Area as specified in this Section 1 D (2) 
 (3) Where BCBSA has licensed two or more Blue Plans to use the same Licensed Marks in the same Service Area, in addition to the requirements set forth in Section D (1) above, the sales, marketing and advertising materials referenced in such section above must be communicated to the Consenting Plan s existing and prospective accounts through or with the approval of such Consenting Plan, and the personnel of such Consenting Plan must actively participate in all sales and marketing activities conducted by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in the same Service Area, including participating in meetings (whether in-person or via telephone, video or internet conference) with both existing and prospective accounts of the Consenting Plan 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (4) Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall be entitled to use in a Service Area only those Licensed Marks that the Consenting Plan has been granted by BCBSA the license to use under its Blue Plan license agreements (for example, if a Consenting Plan is licensed to use only the Blue Cross Marks in its Service Area, the materials used by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in that Service Area may only contain or reference the Blue Cross Marks and not the Blue Shield Marks). 
 (5) If a Consent Agreement is terminated, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall, unless BCBSA and the Consenting Plan agree in their sole discretion to a phase out in writing, immediately (i) cease all use of the Licensed Marks, including in connection with any and all sales and marketing of the Licensed Products in the Service Area where consent has been terminated, and (ii) notify its customers that it is no longer a licensee and provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in form approved by BCBSA. 
 2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 A. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks only in relation to the sale, marketing and administration of the Licensed Products and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in Exhibit A and the Guidelines to Administer the Standards for Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products attached thereto. 
 B. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees that BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks. 
 C. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by BCBSA) a report to BCBSA demonstrating Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of Exhibit A. 
 D. As used herein, a Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate is defined as An entity organized and operated in such a manner that it is 100 owned and controlled by Sponsoring Plans. Absent written approval by BCBSA of an alternative method of control, control shall mean the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof (b) to exercise operational control with respect to the governance 

-3- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 thereof and (c) to prevent any change in its articles of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents deemed inappropriate. In addition, a Sponsoring Plan or Plans shall own at least 100 of any for profit Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate. 
 3. SERVICE MARK USE 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks and shall ensure all uses of the Licensed Marks comply with the BCBSA Brand Regulations, as amended by BCBSA from time to time. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 4. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 The license hereby granted to Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate to use the Licensed Marks is and shall be personal to Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and shall not be assignable by any act of the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate, directly or indirectly, without the written consent of BCBSA. Said license shall not be assignable by operation of law, nor shall Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate mortgage or part with possession or control of this license or any right hereunder, and the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall have no right to grant any sublicense to use the Licensed Marks. 
 5. INFRINGEMENTS 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off which may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to BCBSA, free of charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks by BCBSA. BCBSA shall have sole control of the defense and resolution of any claim of infringement brought or threatened by others. 
 6. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate hereby agrees to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description which may arise as a result of Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's conduct. 

-4- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 7. LICENSE TERM 
 A. The license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods, unless either BCBSA or Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate notifies the other party in writing of the termination hereof at least sixty (60) days prior to expiration of any license period. 
 B. This Agreement may be terminated by BCBSA for cause at any time provided that Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate has been given a reasonable opportunity to cure and shall not effect such a cure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice of the intent to terminate (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period). By way of example and not for purposes of limitation, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's failure to abide by the conditions regarding use of the Licensed Marks set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement or the quality control provisions of Section 2 (other than with respect to Section 2 D which is subject to immediate termination as stated in Section 7 C (1) below) shall be considered proper grounds for termination of this Agreement. 
 C. This Agreement and all of Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 (1) Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with Section 2 D (or Standard No. 1 (Organization and Governance) of Exhibit A) or 
 (2) Any Sponsoring Plan ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks or 
 (3) Appropriate fees for Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA. 
 Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks. 
 In the event of any disagreement between Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and BCBSA as to whether grounds exist for termination or as to any other term or condition hereof, the decision of BCBSA shall control, subject to provisions for mediation or mandatory dispute resolution in effect between the parties. 

-5- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensed Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by BCBSA. BCBSA shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 8. ROYALTIES 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 An annual fee of five thousand dollars 5,000) per license, plus 
 .05 of gross revenue per year from group products sold under the Licensed Marks, plus 
 .5 of gross revenue per year from individual products sold under the Licensed Marks 
 In the event that any license period is greater or less than one (1) year, any amounts due shall be prorated. Royalties under this formula will be calculated, billed and paid in arrears. 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate will promptly and timely transmit to BCBSA all fees owed by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate as determined by the above formula. 
 9. JOINT VENTURE 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between any Sponsoring Plan and Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate or between among them and or BCBSA. 
 10 . VOTING 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the 

-6- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 11. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 
 12. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by (a) a writing signed by all parties or (b) a writing approved by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Blue Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Blue Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. Upon such adoption by the Blue Plans, this Agreement and all other Trademark License Agreements for Life and Disability Insurance Products then in effect shall simultaneously be amended. 
 13. SEVERABILITY 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such finding shall in no way affect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 14. NONWAIVER 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 15 . GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 

-7- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed, effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By _________________________________ 
 Date _______________________________ 
 
 Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate 
 By _________________________________ 
 Date _______________________________ 
 
 Sponsoring Plan 
 By _________________________________ 
 Date ________________________________ 
 Name ________________________________ 
 
 Sponsoring Plan 
 By _________________________________ 
 Date ________________________________ 
 Name _______________________________ 
 
 Add other Sponsoring Plans as necessary 

-8- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A 
 LICENSE STANDARDS APPLICABLE TO TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR LIFE AND DISABILITY INSURANCE PRODUCTS Page 1 of 2 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 Any Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate licensed under the Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products licensee shall be organized and operated in such a manner that it is an entity organized and operated in such a manner that it is 100 owned and controlled by Sponsoring Plans. Absent written approval by BCBSA of an alternative method of control, control shall mean the legal authority, directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries (a) to select members of the Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate's governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof (b) to exercise operational control with respect to the governance thereof and (c) to prevent any change in its articles of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents deemed inappropriate. In addition, a Sponsoring Plan or Plans shall own at least 100 of any for profit Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate. 
 Standard 2 - State Licensure 
 The licensee must maintain unimpaired licensure or certificate of authority to operate under applicable state laws as a life company in each state in which the licensee does business. 
 Standard 3 - Records and Examination 
 The licensee shall maintain and furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, such records and reports regarding the licensee as may be required in order to establish compliance with the Agreement. The licensee shall permit BCBSA to examine the affairs of the licensee and shall agree that BCBSA's board may submit a written report to the chief executive officer(s) and the board(s) of directors of the Sponsoring Plan(s). 
 Standard 4 - Mediation 
 The licensee, its Sponsoring Plan(s) and all consenting Blue Plans shall agree to use the then-current BCBSA mediation and mandatory dispute resolution processes, in lieu of a legal action between or among another licensed Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate, a Sponsoring Plan and or consenting Blue Plan or BCBSA. 

-1- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A 
 LICENSE STANDARDS APPLICABLE TO TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR LIFE AND DISABILITY INSURANCE PRODUCTS Page 2 of 2 
 Standard 5 - Financial Responsibility 
 The licensee shall maintain adequate financial resources to protect its customers and meet its business obligations. 
 Standard 6 - Cooperation with BCBSA Governance 
 The licensee shall cooperate with BCBSA s Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of and in addressing licensee compliance problems that may be identified in connection with the operation or administration of the Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products. 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT B 
 CONSENT AGREEMENT 
 This Consent Agreement is made and entered into by and among the undersigned Blue Plan, and ____________________ Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate ), and the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and shall be deemed effective on ______________________ Effective Date ). 
 Whereas, BCBSA owns the Blue Cross and Blue Shield word and design service marks and any derivative mark thereof (the Brands 
 Whereas, the undersigned Blue Plan is licensed to use one or more of the Brands within a specific geographic area Service Area 
 Whereas Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate is licensed by BCBSA to use one or more of the Brands to offer life and disability insurance products Products as defined and authorized in the Trademark License Agreement for Life and Disability Insurance Products Life and Disability License Agreement 
 Whereas neither the Blue Plan nor its affiliates offer the Products under any of the Brands in such Blue Plan s Service Area or portion thereof where Blue Plan has consented to sale of the Products by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and 
 Whereas BCBSA and the undersigned Blue Plan desire to consent to Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate s use of the Brands in Blue Plan s Service Area consistent with the terms of the Life and Disability License Agreement and this Consent Agreement. 
 Now, therefore, in consideration of the obligations and conditions stated in this Agreement, Blue Plan, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and BCBSA agree as follows 
 1. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may market, sell, administer and underwrite the Products in Blue Plan s Service Area under the Brands licensed to Blue Plan in such Service Area subject to the terms of this Consent Agreement, the Life and Disability License Agreement and Blue Plan s license agreement(s) with BCBSA. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate s rights under the Brands to offer the Products under the Brands are limited to offering the Products only under the Brand(s) licensed to the consenting Blue Plan. 
 2. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall work with the undersigned Blue Plan to develop a written sales and marketing agreement that identifies the relationship between it and Blue Plan for the sales, marketing and customer service for the Products. The term of the sales and marketing agreement shall be the same as the term of this Consent Agreement. 

1 

Exhibit 10.12 

 3. All sales, marketing and advertising materials developed by and proposed for use by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in a consenting Blue Plan s Service Area must clearly identify the consenting Blue Plan (for example, a statement on such materials that reads This product is offered with the cooperation of Blue Cross and or Blue Shield of Geography 
 4. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate may use the Brands to sell the Products in the following Service Area or portion thereof as designated by Blue Plan 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 5. If two or more Blue Plans to use the same Licensed Marks in the same Service Area, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall work with the consenting Blue Plan in the following manner (a) the sales, marketing and advertising materials must be communicated to the consenting Blue Plan s existing and prospective accounts through or with the approval of such Blue Plan, and (b) the personnel of such Blue Plan must actively participate in all sales and marketing activities conducted by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in the same Service Area, including participating in meetings (whether in-person or via telephone, video or internet conference) with both existing and prospective accounts of the consenting Blue Plan 
 6. Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall be entitled to use in a Service Area only those Licensed Marks that the consenting Blue Plan has been granted by BCBSA the license to use under its license agreement (for example, if a consenting Blue Plan is licensed to use only the Blue Cross Marks in its Service Area, the materials used by Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate in that Service Area may only contain or reference the Blue Cross Marks and not the Blue Shield Marks). 
 7. If this Consent Agreement is terminated, Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate shall, unless each BCBSA and the Blue Plan agree in their sole discretion to a phase out in writing, immediately (i) cease all use of the Licensed Marks, including in connection with any and all sales and marketing of the Licensed Products in the Service Area where consent has been terminated, and (ii) notify its customers that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in form approved by BCBSA. 

2 

Exhibit 10.12 

 8. The term of this Consent Agreement shall be one year from the Effective Date. Unless either Blue Plan or Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate provides the other party with written notice of its desire not to renew this Consent Agreement at least 60 days prior to expiration of the term or any extended term or unless terminated as provided in Paragraph 9 below, this Consent Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one year periods. 
 9. This Consent Agreement may be terminated as follows 
 A. Upon mutual written consent of Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate and Blue Plan 
 B. By Blue Plan or Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate upon 60 days advance written notice to the non-terminating party and BCBSA or 
 C. By Blue Plan immediately if Life and Disability Controlled Affiliate does not comply with this Consent Agreement or the sales protocol agreement. 
 10. This Consent Agreement shall automatically terminate if Blue Plan s primary licensee agreement terminates for any reason or if the Life and Disability License Agreement terminates for any reason. 
 Agreed and Accepted by 
 Blue Plan 
 By _____________________ 
 Title ____________________ 
 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By ________________________ 
 Title ________________________ 
 
 LIFE AND DISABILITY CONTROLLED AFFILIATE 
 By _______________________ 
 Title _____________________ 

3 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Exhibit 1B 
 BLUE SHIELD CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PPO PRODUCTS 
 (Adopted by Member Plans at their June 16, 2022 meeting) 
 This Agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and __________ Controlled Affiliate ), a Controlled Affiliate of the Blue Cross Plan(s), known as ____________ Controlling Plans ), each of which is also a Party signatory hereto. 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks 
 WHEREAS, under the Medicare Modernization Act, companies may apply to and be awarded a contract by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS to offer Medicare Advantage PPO products in geographic regions designated by CMS (hereafter regional MAPPO products ). 
 WHEREAS, some of the CMS-designated regions include the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Plan. 
 WHEREAS, the Controlling Plans and Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks as service marks and be entitled to use the term BLUE SHIELD in a trade name Licensed Name to offer regional MAPPO products in a region that includes the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Controlling Plan 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to Controlled Affiliate the right to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with, and only in connection with the sale, marketing and administration of regional MAPPO products and related services. 
 This grant of rights is non-exclusive and is limited to the following states _________________ (the Region ). Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed 

-1- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Marks and Name in its legal name on the following conditions (i) the legal name must be approved in advance, in writing, by BCBSA (ii) Controlled Affiliate shall not do business outside the Region under any name or mark except business conducted in the Service Area of a Controlling Plan provided that Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed by BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with health care plans and related services in the Service Area of such Controlling Plan and (iii) Controlled Affiliate shall not use the Licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of any name or symbol used to identify itself in any securities market. Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its Trade Name only with the prior, written, consent of BCBSA. 
 2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 A. Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks and Name only in connection with the licensed services and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in attached Exhibit A as they may be amended by BCBSA from time-to-time. 
 B. Controlled Affiliate agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws. 
 C. Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by the Controlling Plans or by BCBSA) a report or reports to the Controlling Plans and BCBSA demonstrating Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of this paragraph and the attached Exhibit A. 
 D. Controlled Affiliate agrees that the Controlling Plans and or BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 E. As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that it meets the following requirements 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Controlling Plans 
 (2) Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to a separate Blue Shield License Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (3) The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 (iv) take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 

-3- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 3. SERVICE MARK USE 
 A. Controlled Affiliate recognizes the importance of a comprehensive national network of independent BCBSA licensees which are committed to strengthening the Licensed Marks and Name. The Controlled Affiliate further recognizes that its actions within the Region may affect the value of the Licensed Marks and Name nationwide. 
 B. Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including but not limited to use of such symbols or words as BCBSA shall specify to protect the Licensed Marks and Name and shall comply with such rules (generally applicable to Controlled Affiliates licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name) relative to service mark use, as are issued from time-to-time by BCBSA. Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks and Name by Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 C. Controlled Affiliate may not directly or indirectly use the Licensed Marks and Name in a manner that transfers or is intended to transfer in the Region the goodwill associated therewith to another mark or name, nor may Controlled Affiliate engage in activity that may dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 D. Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with the sale, marketing and administration of regional MAPPO products and related services. 
 4. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 Controlled Affiliate shall not, directly or indirectly, sublicense, transfer, hypothecate, sell, encumber or mortgage, by operation of law or otherwise, the rights granted hereunder and any such act shall be voidable at the sole option of any Controlling Plan or BCBSA. This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to Controlled Affiliate. 

-4- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 5. INFRINGEMENT 
 Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify the Controlling Plans and the Controlling Plans shall promptly notify BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off that may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks and Name. Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require the Controlling Plans or BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to the Controlling Plans and BCBSA, without charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks and Name by BCBSA. 
 6. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 Controlled Affiliate and the Controlling Plans hereby agree to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description (except those arising solely as a result of BCBSA's negligence) that may arise as a result of or related to Controlled Affiliate's rendering of services under the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 7. LICENSE TERM 
 A. Except as otherwise provided herein, the license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods unless terminated pursuant to the provisions herein. 
 B. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that (i) any one of the Controlling Plans ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks and Name or (ii) pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x) of the Blue Shield License Agreement any one of the Controlling Plans ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Names and Marks in the Region. 
 C. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be forthwith terminated by the Controlling Plans or the affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors of BCBSA present and voting at a special meeting expressly called by BCBSA for the purpose on ten (10) days written notice to the Controlling Plans advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Controlling Plans an opportunity to be heard and to present their response to the Board for (1) failure to comply with any applicable minimum capital or liquidity requirement under the quality control standards of this 

-5- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Agreement or (2) failure to comply with the Organization and Governance quality control standard of this Agreement or (3) impending financial insolvency or (4) failure to comply with any of the applicable requirements of Standards 2, 3, 4, or 5 of attached Exhibit A or (5) the pendency of any action instituted against the Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business or seeking the declaration or establishment of a trust for any of its property or business, unless this Controlled Affiliate License Agreement has been earlier terminated under paragraph 7(E) or (6) such other reason as is determined in good faith immediately and irreparably to threaten the integrity and reputation of BCBSA, the Plans (including the Controlling Plans), any other licensee including Controlled Affiliate and or the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 D. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 7(B), 7(C) or 7(E) herein, should Controlled Affiliate fail to comply with the provisions of this Agreement and not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period) BCBSA or the Controlling Plans shall have the right to issue a notice that the Controlled Affiliate is in a state of noncompliance. If a state of noncompliance as aforesaid is undisputed by the Controlled Affiliate or is found to exist by a mandatory dispute resolution panel and is uncured as provided above, BCBSA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of the Agreement or to issue a notice of termination thereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, any disputes as to the termination of this License pursuant to Paragraphs 7(B), 7(C) or 7(E) of this Agreement shall not be subject to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. All other disputes between or among BCBSA, any of the Controlling Plans and or Controlled Affiliate shall be submitted promptly to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. The mandatory dispute resolution panel shall have authority to issue orders for specific performance and assess monetary penalties. Except, however, as provided in Paragraphs 7(B) and 7(E) of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may not be finally terminated for any reason without the affirmative vote of a majority of the present and voting members of the Board of Directors of BCBSA. 
 E. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with item 2(E) above 
 (2) Appropriate dues, royalties and other payments for Controlled Affiliate pursuant to paragraph 9 hereof, which are the royalties for this License Agreement, are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA or 

-6- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (3) Any of the following events occur (i) a voluntary petition shall be filed by Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief, or (ii) an involuntary petition or proceeding shall be filed against Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief and such petition or proceeding is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of the date upon which the petition or other document commencing the proceeding is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, or (iii) an order for relief is entered against Controlled Affiliate in any case under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, or Controlled Affiliate is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent as those terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the State of Illinois by any court of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) Controlled Affiliate makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (v) any government or any government official, office, agency, branch, or unit assumes control of Controlled Affiliate or delinquency proceedings (voluntary or involuntary) are instituted, or (vi) an action is brought by Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business, or (vii) an action is instituted by any governmental entity or officer against Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business and such action is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within one hundred thirty (130) days of the date upon which the pleading or other document commencing the action is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, provided that if the action is stayed or its prosecution is enjoined, the one hundred thirty (130) day period is tolled for the duration of the stay or injunction, and provided further, that the Association s Board of Directors may toll or extend the 130 day period at any time prior to its expiration, or (viii) a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of Controlled Affiliate's property or business is appointed or the Controlled Affiliate is ordered dissolved or liquidated. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a declaration or a request for declaration of the existence of a trust over any of the Controlled Affiliate s property or business shall not in itself be deemed to constitute or seek appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for purposes of subparagraphs 7(E)(3)(vii) and (viii) of this Agreement. 
 F. Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including any use in its trade name, except to the extent that it continues to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan. 

-7- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 G. Upon termination of this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers to whom it provides products or services under the Licensed Marks pursuant to this Agreement that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and, if directed by the Association s Board of Directors, shall provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by BCBSA. The BCBSA shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 H. In the event this Agreement terminates pursuant to 7(B) hereof, upon termination of this Agreement the provisions of Paragraph 7(G) shall not apply and the following provisions shall apply, except that, in the event that Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed by BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of a Controlling Plan and termination of this Agreement is due to a partial termination of such Controlling Plan s license pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x)(ii) of the Blue Shield License Agreement, the notices, national account listing, payment, and audit right listed below shall be applicable solely with respect to the Region and the geographic area for which the Controlling Plan s license to use the Licensed Names and Marks is terminated 
 (1) The Controlled Affiliate shall send a notice through the U.S. mails, with first class postage affixed, to all individual and group customers, providers, brokers and agents of products or services sold, marketed, underwritten or administered by the Controlled Affiliate under the Licensed Marks and Name. The form and content of the notice shall be specified by BCBSA and shall, at a minimum, notify the recipient of the termination of the license, the consequences thereof, and instructions for obtaining alternate products or services licensed by BCBSA. This notice shall be mailed within 15 days after termination. 
 (2) The Controlled Affiliate shall deliver to BCBSA within five days of a request by BCBSA a listing of national accounts in which the Controlled Affiliate is involved (in a control, participating or servicing capacity), identifying the national account and the Controlled Affiliate s role therein. 
 (3) Unless the cause of termination is an event respecting BCBSA stated in paragraph 15(a) or (b) of the Plan s license agreement with BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name, the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans shall be jointly liable for payment to BCBSA of an amount equal to 25 multiplied by the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate provided that if any Plan other than a Controlling Plan is permitted by BCBSA to use marks or names licensed by BCBSA in a geographic area in the Region, the payment for Licensed Enrollees in such geographic area shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and 

-8- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans in such geographic area and the denominator of which is the total number of Licensed Enrollees in such geographic area. Licensed Enrollee means each and every person and covered dependent who is enrolled as an individual or member of a group receiving products or services sold, marketed or administered under marks or names licensed by BCBSA as determined at the earlier of (i) the end of the last fiscal year of the terminated entity which ended prior to termination or (ii) the fiscal year which ended before any transactions causing the termination began. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount payable pursuant to this subparagraph H. (3) shall be due only to the extent that, in BCBSA s opinion, it does not cause the net worth of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans or any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans to fall below 100 of the Health Risk-Based Capital formula, or its equivalent under any successor formula, as set forth in the applicable financial responsibility standards established by BCBSA (provided such equivalent is approved for purposes of this subparagraph by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans) measured as of the date of termination, and adjusted for the value of any transactions not made in the ordinary course of business. This payment shall not be due in connection with transactions exclusively by or among Plans (including the Controlling Plans) or their affiliates, including reorganizations, combinations or mergers, where the BCBSA Board of Directors determines that the license termination does not result in a material diminution in the number of Licensed Enrollees or the extent of their coverage. In the event that the Controlled Affiliate s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, BCBSA shall reimburse the Controlled Affiliate (and or the Controlling Plans or their other Licensed Controlled Affiliates, as the case may be) for payments made under this subparagraph 7.H.(3) only to the extent that such payments exceed the amounts due to BCBSA pursuant to paragraph 7.K. and any costs associated with reestablishing the terminated Controlling Plan s Service Area or the Region, including any payments made by BCBSA to a Plan or Plans (including the other Controlling Plans), or their Licensed Controlled Affiliates, for purposes of replacing the Controlled Affiliate. 
 (4) BCBSA shall have the right to audit the books and records of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans to verify compliance with this paragraph 7.H. 
 (5) As to a breach of 7.H.(1), (2), (3) or (4), the parties agree that the obligations are immediately enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. As to a breach of 7.H.(1), (2) or (4) by the Controlled Affiliate, the parties agree there is no adequate remedy at law and BCBSA is entitled to obtain specific performance. 

-9- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 I. BCBSA shall be entitled to enjoin the Controlled Affiliate or any related party in a court of competent jurisdiction from entry into any transaction which would result in a termination of this Agreement unless a Controlling Plan s license from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Names has been terminated pursuant to 10(d) of such Controlling Plan s license agreement upon the required 6 month written notice. 
 J. BCBSA acknowledges that it is not the owner of assets of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 K. In the event this Agreement terminates and is subsequently reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other 
 Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans shall be jointly liable for reimbursing BCBSA the reasonable costs incurred by BCBSA in connection with the termination and the reinstatement or court action, and any associated legal proceedings, including but not limited to outside legal fees, consulting fees, public relations fees, advertising costs, and costs incurred to develop, lease or establish an interim provider network. Any amount due to BCBSA under this subparagraph may be waived in whole or in part by the BCBSA Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 
 8. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 The parties agree that any disputes between or among them or between or among any of them and one or more Plans or Controlled Affiliates of Plans that use in any manner the Blue Shield and Blue Shield Marks and Name are subject to the 
 Mediation and Mandatory Dispute Resolution process attached to and made a part of each Controlling Plan s License from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name as Exhibit 5 as amended from time-to-time, which documents are incorporated herein by reference as though fully set forth herein. 
 9. LICENSE FEE 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this License determined pursuant to the formula(s) set forth in Exhibit B. 
 10. JOINT VENTURE 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between the Controlling Plans and Controlled Affiliate or between either and BCBSA. 
 11. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last 

-10- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 
 12. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. 
 13. SEVERABILITY 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such findings shall in no way affect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 14. NONWAIVER 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 14A. VOTING 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 

-11- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 15. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 16. HEADINGS 
 The headings inserted in this agreement are for convenience only and shall have no bearing on the interpretation hereof. 

-12- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed and effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 
 Controlled Affiliate 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Date ______________________________________ 
 
 Controlling Plan 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Date _______________________________________ 
 
 Controlling Plan 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Date _______________________________________ 
 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Date ______________________________________ 

13 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PPO PRODUCTS 
 June 2022 
 PREAMBLE 
 The standards for licensing Controlled Affiliates for Medicare Advantage PPO Products are established by BCBSA and are subject to change from time-to-time upon the affirmative vote of three-fourths (3 4) of the Plans and three-fourths (3 4) of the total weighted vote. Each Controlling Plan is required to use a standard Controlled Affiliate license form provided by BCBSA and to cooperate fully in assuring that the licensed Controlled Affiliate maintains compliance with the license standards. 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 A Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that it meets the following requirements 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Controlling Plans 
 (2) Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to a separate Blue Shield License Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 
 (3) The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof 
 (b) prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur 
 (c) exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate and 

-1- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 (iv) take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 Standard 2 - Financial Responsibility 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. 
 Standard 3 - State Licensure Certification 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain appropriate and unimpaired licensure and certifications. 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 4 - Certain Disclosures 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall make adequate disclosure in contracting with third parties and in disseminating public statements of 
 a. the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield System and 
 b. the independent nature of every licensee. 
 Standard 5 - Reports and Records for Controlled Affiliates 
 A Controlled Affiliate and or its Controlling Plans shall furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, reports and records relating to these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and Controlled Affiliate. 
 Standard 6 - Best Efforts 
 During each year, a Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Blue Shield Marks. 
 Standard 7 - Participation in Certain National Programs 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall effectively and efficiently participate in certain national programs from time to time as may be adopted by Member Plans for the purposes of providing ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the Controlled Affiliate s service area. 
 National program requirements include 
 a. Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS) and 
 b. Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program. 
 Standard 8 - Participation in Master Business Associate Agreement 
 Controlled Affiliates shall comply with the terms of the Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees to the extent they perform the functions of a business associate or subcontractor to a business associate, as defined by the Business Associate Agreement. 

Amended as of November 15, 2007 
 
 -3- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT B 
 ROYALTY FORMULA FOR SECTION 9 OF THE CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENTS APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PPO PRODUCTS 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 An amount equal to its pro rata share of each Controlling Plan dues payable to BCBSA computed with the addition of the Controlled Affiliate's members using the Marks on regional MAPPO products and related services as reported on the Quarterly Enrollment Report with BCBSA. The payment by each Controlling Plan of its dues to BCBSA, including that portion described in this paragraph, will satisfy the requirement of this paragraph, and no separate payment will be necessary. 

Amended as of June 14, 2007 
 
 -4- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Exhibit 1C 
 BLUE SHIELD CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENT APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE PART D PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN PRODUCTS 
 (Adopted by Member Plans at their June 16, 2022 meeting) 
 This Agreement by and among Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association BCBSA and ___________ Controlled Affiliate ), a Controlled Affiliate of the Blue Cross Plan(s), known as ____________ Controlling Plans ), each of which is also a Party signatory hereto. 
 WHEREAS, BCBSA is the owner of the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks 
 WHEREAS, under the Medicare Modernization Act, companies may apply to and be awarded a contract by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS to offer Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan products in geographic regions designated by CMS (hereafter regional PDP products ). 
 WHEREAS, some of the CMS-designated regions include the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Plan. 
 WHEREAS, the Controlling Plans and Controlled Affiliate desire that the latter be entitled to use the BLUE SHIELD and BLUE SHIELD Design service marks (collectively the Licensed Marks as service marks and be entitled to use the term BLUE SHIELD in a trade name Licensed Name to offer regional PDP products in a region that includes the Service Areas, or portions thereof, of more than one Controlling Plan 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. GRANT OF LICENSE 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, BCBSA hereby grants to Controlled Affiliate the right to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with, and only in connection with the sale, marketing and administration of regional PDP products and related services. 
 This grant of rights is non-exclusive and is limited to the following states ___________________ (the Region ). Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed 

-1- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Marks and Name in its legal name on the following conditions (i) the legal name must be approved in advance, in writing, by BCBSA (ii) Controlled Affiliate shall not do business outside the Region under any name or mark except business conducted in the Service Area of a Controlling Plan provided that Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed by BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with health care plans and related services in the Service Area of such Controlling Plan and (iii) Controlled Affiliate shall not use the Licensed Marks and Name, or any derivative thereof, as part of any name or symbol used to identify itself in any securities market. Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in its Trade Name only with the prior, written, consent of BCBSA. 
 2. QUALITY CONTROL 
 A. Controlled Affiliate agrees to use the Licensed Marks and Name only in connection with the licensed services and further agrees to be bound by the conditions regarding quality control shown in attached Exhibit A as they may be amended by BCBSA from time-to-time. 
 B. Controlled Affiliate agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws. 
 C. Controlled Affiliate agrees that it will provide on an annual basis (or more often if reasonably required by the Controlling Plans or by BCBSA) a report or reports to the Controlling Plans and BCBSA demonstrating Controlled Affiliate's compliance with the requirements of this Agreement including but not limited to the quality control provisions of this paragraph and the attached Exhibit A. 
 D. Controlled Affiliate agrees that the Controlling Plans and or BCBSA may, from time-to-time, upon reasonable notice, review and inspect the manner and method of Controlled Affiliate's rendering of service and use of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 E. As used herein, a Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that it meets the following requirements 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Controlling Plans 
 (2) Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to a separate Blue Shield License Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 

-2- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (3) The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof 
 (b) to prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur 
 (c) to exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate and 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 (iv) take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 

-3- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 3. SERVICE MARK USE 
 A. Controlled Affiliate recognizes the importance of a comprehensive national network of independent BCBSA licensees which are committed to strengthening the Licensed Marks and Name. The Controlled Affiliate further recognizes that its actions within the Region may affect the value of the Licensed Marks and Name nationwide. 
 B. Controlled Affiliate shall at all times make proper service mark use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including but not limited to use of such symbols or words as BCBSA shall specify to protect the Licensed Marks and Name and shall comply with such rules (generally applicable to Controlled Affiliates licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name) relative to service mark use, as are issued from time-to-time by BCBSA. Controlled Affiliate recognizes and agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks and Name by Controlled Affiliate shall inure to the benefit of BCBSA. 
 C. Controlled Affiliate may not directly or indirectly use the Licensed Marks and Name in a manner that transfers or is intended to transfer in the Region the goodwill associated therewith to another mark or name, nor may Controlled Affiliate engage in activity that may dilute or tarnish the unique value of the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 D. Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Licensed Marks and Name in connection with the sale, marketing and administration of regional PDP products and related services. 
 4. SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT 
 Controlled Affiliate shall not, directly or indirectly, sublicense, transfer, hypothecate, sell, encumber or mortgage, by operation of law or otherwise, the rights granted hereunder and any such act shall be voidable at the sole option of any Controlling Plan or BCBSA. This Agreement and all rights and duties hereunder are personal to Controlled Affiliate. 
 5. INFRINGEMENT 
 Controlled Affiliate shall promptly notify the Controlling Plans and the Controlling Plans shall promptly notify BCBSA of any suspected acts of infringement, unfair competition or passing off that may occur in relation to the Licensed Marks and Name. Controlled Affiliate shall not be entitled to require the Controlling Plans or BCBSA to take any actions or institute any proceedings to prevent infringement, unfair competition or passing off by third parties. Controlled Affiliate agrees to render to the Controlling Plans and BCBSA, without charge, all reasonable assistance in connection with any matter pertaining to the protection of the Licensed Marks and Name by BCBSA. 

-4- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 6. LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 Controlled Affiliate and the Controlling Plans hereby agree to save, defend, indemnify and hold BCBSA harmless from and against all claims, damages, liabilities and costs of every kind, nature and description (except those arising solely as a result of BCBSA's negligence) that may arise as a result of or related to Controlled Affiliate's rendering of services under the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 7. LICENSE TERM 
 A. Except as otherwise provided herein, the license granted by this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of one (1) year and shall be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods unless terminated pursuant to the provisions herein. 
 B. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that (i) any one of the Controlling Plans ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks and Name or (ii) pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x) of the Blue Shield License Agreement any one of the Controlling Plans ceases to be authorized to use the Licensed Names and Marks in the Region. 
 C. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may be forthwith terminated by the Controlling Plans or the affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors of BCBSA present and voting at a special meeting expressly called by BCBSA for the purpose on ten (10) days written notice to the Controlling Plans advising of the specific matters at issue and granting the Controlling Plans an opportunity to be heard and to present their response to the Board for (1) failure to comply with any applicable minimum capital or liquidity requirement under the quality control standards of this Agreement or (2) failure to comply with the Organization and Governance quality control standard of this Agreement or (3) impending financial insolvency or (4) failure to comply with any of the applicable requirements of Standards 2, 3, 4, or 5 of attached Exhibit A or (5) the pendency of any action instituted against the Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business or seeking the declaration or establishment of a trust for any of its property or business, unless this Controlled Affiliate License Agreement has been earlier terminated under paragraph 7(E) or (6) such other reason as is determined in good faith immediately and irreparably to threaten the integrity and reputation of BCBSA, the Plans (including the Controlling Plans), any other licensee including Controlled Affiliate and or the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 D. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 7(B), 7(C) or 7(E) herein, should Controlled Affiliate fail to comply with the provisions of this Agreement and not cure such failure within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice thereof (or commence a cure within such thirty day period and continue diligent efforts to 

-5- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 complete the cure if such curing cannot reasonably be completed within such thirty day period) BCBSA or the Controlling Plans shall have the right to issue a notice that the Controlled Affiliate is in a state of noncompliance. If a state of noncompliance as aforesaid is undisputed by the Controlled Affiliate or is found to exist by a mandatory dispute resolution panel and is uncured as provided above, BCBSA shall have the right to seek judicial enforcement of the Agreement or to issue a notice of termination thereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, any disputes as to the termination of this License pursuant to Paragraphs 7(B), 7(C) or 7(E) of this Agreement shall not be subject to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. All other disputes between or among BCBSA, any of the Controlling Plans and or Controlled Affiliate shall be submitted promptly to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution. The mandatory dispute resolution panel shall have authority to issue orders for specific performance and assess monetary penalties. Except, however, as provided in Paragraphs 7(B) and 7(E) of this Agreement, this license to use the Licensed Marks and Name may not be finally terminated for any reason without the affirmative vote of a majority of the present and voting members of the Board of Directors of BCBSA. 
 E. This Agreement and all of Controlled Affiliate's rights hereunder shall immediately terminate without any further action by any party or entity in the event that 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate shall no longer comply with item 2(E) above 
 (2) Appropriate dues, royalties and other payments for Controlled Affiliate pursuant to paragraph 9 hereof, which are the royalties for this License Agreement, are more than sixty (60) days in arrears to BCBSA or 
 (3) Any of the following events occur (i) a voluntary petition shall be filed by Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief, or (ii) an involuntary petition or proceeding shall be filed against Controlled Affiliate seeking bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement with creditors or other relief under the bankruptcy laws of the United States or any other law governing insolvency or debtor relief and such petition or proceeding is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of the date upon which the petition or other document commencing the proceeding is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, or (iii) an order for relief is entered against Controlled Affiliate in any case under the bankruptcy laws of the United States, or Controlled Affiliate is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent as those terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the State of Illinois by any court of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) Controlled Affiliate makes a general assignment of its assets for the benefit of creditors, or (v) any government or any government official, office, agency, branch, or unit assumes control of Controlled Affiliate or delinquency proceedings (voluntary or involuntary) are instituted, or (vi) an action is brought by Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim 

-6- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business, or (vii) an action is instituted by any governmental entity or officer against Controlled Affiliate seeking its dissolution or liquidation of its assets or seeking the appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of its property or business and such action is consented to or acquiesced in by Controlled Affiliate or is not dismissed within one hundred thirty (130) days of the date upon which the pleading or other document commencing the action is served upon the Controlled Affiliate, provided that if the action is stayed or its prosecution is enjoined, the one hundred thirty (130) day period is tolled for the duration of the stay or injunction, and provided further, that the Association s Board of Directors may toll or extend the 130 day period at any time prior to its expiration, or (viii) a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for any of Controlled Affiliate's property or business is appointed or the Controlled Affiliate is ordered dissolved or liquidated. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, a declaration or a request for declaration of the existence of a trust over any of the Controlled Affiliate s property or business shall not in itself be deemed to constitute or seek appointment of a trustee, interim trustee, receiver or other custodian for purposes of subparagraphs 7(E)(3)(vii) and (viii) of this Agreement. 
 F. Upon termination of this Agreement for cause or otherwise, Controlled Affiliate agrees that it shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Marks and Name, including any use in its trade name, except to the extent that it continues to be authorized to use the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan. 
 G. Upon termination of this Agreement, Controlled Affiliate shall immediately notify all of its customers to whom it provides products or services under the Licensed Marks pursuant to this Agreement that it is no longer a licensee of BCBSA and, if directed by the Association s Board of Directors, shall provide instruction on how the customer can contact BCBSA or a designated licensee to obtain further information on securing coverage. The notification required by this paragraph shall be in writing and in a form approved by BCBSA. The BCBSA shall have the right to audit the terminated entity's books and records to verify compliance with this paragraph. 
 H. In the event this Agreement terminates pursuant to 7(B) hereof, upon termination of this Agreement the provisions of Paragraph 7(G) shall not apply and the following provisions shall apply, except that, in the event that Controlled Affiliate is separately licensed by BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks in the Service Area of a Controlling Plan and termination of this Agreement is due to a partial termination of such Controlling Plan s license pursuant to Paragraph 15(a)(x)(ii) of the Blue Shield License Agreement, the notices, national account listing, payment, and audit right listed below shall be applicable solely with respect to the Region and the geographic area for which the Controlling Plan s license to use the Licensed Names and Marks is terminated 

-7- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 (1) The Controlled Affiliate shall send a notice through the U.S. mails, with first class postage affixed, to all individual and group customers, providers, brokers and agents of products or services sold, marketed, underwritten or administered by the Controlled Affiliate under the Licensed Marks and Name. The form and content of the notice shall be specified by BCBSA and shall, at a minimum, notify the recipient of the termination of the license, the consequences thereof, and instructions for obtaining alternate products or services licensed by BCBSA. This notice shall be mailed within 15 days after termination. 
 (2) The Controlled Affiliate shall deliver to BCBSA within five days of a request by BCBSA a listing of national accounts in which the Controlled Affiliate is involved (in a control, participating or servicing capacity), identifying the national account and the Controlled Affiliate s role therein. 
 (3) Unless the cause of termination is an event respecting BCBSA stated in paragraph 15(a) or (b) of the Plan s license agreement with BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name, the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans shall be jointly liable for payment to BCBSA of an amount equal to 25 multiplied by the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate provided that if any Plan other than a Controlling Plan is permitted by BCBSA to use marks or names licensed by BCBSA in a geographic area in the Region, the payment for Licensed Enrollees in such geographic area shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Licensed Enrollees of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans in such geographic area and the denominator of which is the total number of Licensed Enrollees in such geographic area. Licensed Enrollee means each and every person and covered dependent who is enrolled as an individual or member of a group receiving products or services sold, marketed or administered under marks or names licensed by BCBSA as determined at the earlier of (i) the end of the last fiscal year of the terminated entity which ended prior to termination or (ii) the fiscal year which ended before any transactions causing the termination began. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount payable pursuant to this subparagraph H. (3) shall be due only to the extent that, in BCBSA s opinion, it does not cause the net worth of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans or any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans to fall below 100 of the Health Risk-Based Capital formula, or its equivalent under any successor formula, as set forth in the applicable financial responsibility standards established by BCBSA (provided such equivalent is approved for purposes of this subparagraph by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans) measured as of the date of termination, and adjusted for the value of any transactions not made in the ordinary course of business. This payment shall not be due in connection with transactions exclusively by or among Plans (including the Controlling Plans) or their affiliates, including reorganizations, combinations or mergers, where the BCBSA Board of Directors determines that the license 

-8- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 termination does not result in a material diminution in the number of Licensed Enrollees or the extent of their coverage. In the event that the Controlled Affiliate s license is reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, BCBSA shall reimburse the Controlled Affiliate (and or the Controlling Plans or their other Licensed Controlled Affiliates, as the case may be) for payments made under this subparagraph 7.H.(3) only to the extent that such payments exceed the amounts due to BCBSA pursuant to paragraph 7.K. and any costs associated with reestablishing the terminated Controlling Plan s Service Area or the Region, including any payments made by BCBSA to a Plan or Plans (including the other Controlling Plans), or their Licensed Controlled Affiliates, for purposes of replacing the Controlled Affiliate. 
 (4) BCBSA shall have the right to audit the books and records of the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans to verify compliance with this paragraph 7.H. 
 (5) As to a breach of 7.H.(1), (2), (3) or (4), the parties agree that the obligations are immediately enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. As to a breach of 7.H.(1), (2) or (4) by the Controlled Affiliate, the parties agree there is no adequate remedy at law and BCBSA is entitled to obtain specific performance. 
 I. BCBSA shall be entitled to enjoin the Controlled Affiliate or any related party in a court of competent jurisdiction from entry into any transaction which would result in a termination of this Agreement unless a Controlling Plan s license from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Names has been terminated pursuant to 10(d) of such Controlling Plan s license agreement upon the required 6 month written notice. 
 J. BCBSA acknowledges that it is not the owner of assets of the Controlled Affiliate. 
 K. In the event this Agreement terminates and is subsequently reinstated by BCBSA or is deemed to have remained in effect without interruption by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Controlled Affiliate, the Controlling Plans, and any other Licensed Controlled Affiliates of the Controlling Plans shall be jointly liable for reimbursing BCBSA the reasonable costs incurred by BCBSA in connection with the termination and the reinstatement or court action, and any associated legal proceedings, including but not limited to outside legal fees, consulting fees, public relations fees, advertising costs, and costs incurred to develop, lease or establish an interim provider network. Any amount due to BCBSA under this subparagraph may be waived in whole or in part by the BCBSA Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 

-9- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 8. DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 The parties agree that any disputes between or among them or between or among any of them and one or more Plans or Controlled Affiliates of Plans that use in any manner the Blue Shield and Blue Shield Marks and Name are subject to the Mediation and Mandatory Dispute Resolution process attached to and made a part of each Controlling Plan s License from BCBSA to use the Licensed Marks and Name as Exhibit 5 as amended from time-to-time, which documents are incorporated herein by reference as though fully set forth herein. 
 9. LICENSE FEE 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay to BCBSA a fee for this License determined pursuant to the formula(s) set forth in Exhibit B. 
 10. JOINT VENTURE 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, agency or employment relationship between the Controlling Plans and Controlled Affiliate or between either and BCBSA. 
 11. NOTICES AND CORRESPONDENCE 
 Notices regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or breach or termination thereof shall be in writing and shall be addressed in duplicate to the last known address of each other party, marked respectively to the attention of its President and, if any, its General Counsel. 
 12. COMPLETE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement contains the complete understandings of the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be amended by the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the Plans and three-fourths of the total then current weighted vote of all the Plans as officially recorded by the BCBSA Corporate Secretary. 

-10- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 13. SEVERABILITY 
 If any term of this Agreement is held to be unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, such findings shall in no way affect the remaining obligations of the parties hereunder and the court may substitute a lawful term or condition for any unlawful term or condition so long as the effect of such substitution is to provide the parties with the benefits of this Agreement. 
 14. NONWAIVER 
 No waiver by BCBSA of any breach or default in performance on the part of Controlled Affiliate or any other licensee of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default in performance of said terms, covenants or conditions. 
 14A. VOTING 
 For all provisions of this Agreement referring to voting, the term Plans shall mean all entities licensed under the Blue Cross License Agreement and or the Blue Shield License Agreement, and in all votes of the Plans under this Agreement the Plans shall vote together. For weighted votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have a number of votes equal to the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Cross Plan plus the number of weighted votes (if any) that it holds as a Blue Shield Plan. For all other votes of the Plans, the Plan shall have one vote. For all questions requiring an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote of the Plans, the requirement shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless the greater of (i) 6 52 or more of the Plans (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 or multiples thereof being rounded to the next higher whole number) fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question or (ii) three (3) of the Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if there are thirty-five (35) Plans, the requirement of an affirmative three-fourths weighted vote shall be deemed satisfied with a lesser weighted vote unless four (4) or more Plans fail to cast weighted votes in favor of the question. 
 15. GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 16. HEADINGS 
 The headings inserted in this agreement are for convenience only and shall have no bearing on the interpretation hereof. 

-11- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this License Agreement to be executed and effective as of the date of last signature written below. 
 
 Controlled Affiliate 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Date ______________________________________ 
 
 Controlling Plan 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Date _______________________________________ 
 
 Controlling Plan 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Date _______________________________________ 
 
 BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION 
 By ________________________________________ 
 Date ______________________________________ 

-12- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A 
 CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE STANDARDS APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE PART D PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN PRODUCTS June 2022 
 PREAMBLE 
 The standards for licensing Controlled Affiliates for Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan Products are established by BCBSA and are subject to change from time-to-time upon the affirmative vote of three-fourths (3 4) of the Plans and three-fourths (3 4) of the total weighted vote. Each Controlling Plan is required to use a standard Controlled Affiliate license form provided by BCBSA and to cooperate fully in assuring that the licensed Controlled Affiliate maintains compliance with the license standards. 
 Standard 1 - Organization and Governance 
 A Controlled Affiliate is defined as an entity organized and operated in such a manner, that it meets the following requirements 
 (1) Controlled Affiliate is owned or controlled by two or more Controlling Plans 
 (2) Each Controlling Plan is authorized pursuant to a separate Blue Shield License Agreement to use the Licensed Marks in a geographic area in the Region and every geographic area in the Region is so licensed to at least one of the Controlling Plans and 
 (3) The Controlling Plans must have the legal authority directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 (a) to select members of the Controlled Affiliate s governing body having not less than 100 voting control thereof 
 (b) prevent any change in the articles of incorporation, bylaws or other establishing or governing documents of the Controlled Affiliate with which the Controlling Plans do not concur 
 (c) exercise control over the policy and operations of the Controlled Affiliate and 

-13- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (a) through (c) hereof, the Controlled Affiliate s establishing or governing documents must also require written approval by each of the Controlling Plans before the Controlled Affiliate can 
 (i) change its legal and or trade names 
 (ii) change the geographic area in which it operates (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 (iii) change any of the type(s) of businesses in which it engages (except such approval shall not be required with respect to business of the Controlled Affiliate conducted under the Licensed Marks within the Service Area of one of the Controlling Plans pursuant to a separate controlled affiliate license agreement with BCBSA sponsored by such Controlling Plan) 
 (iv) take any action that any Controlling Plan or BCBSA reasonably believes will adversely affect the Licensed Marks and Name. 
 In addition, the Controlling Plans directly or indirectly through wholly-owned subsidiaries shall own 100 of any for-profit Controlled Affiliate. 
 Standard 2 - Financial Responsibility 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill all of its contractual obligations to its customers. 
 Standard 3 - State Licensure Certification 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall maintain appropriate and unimpaired licensure and certifications. 

-14- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT A (continued) 
 Standard 4 - Certain Disclosures 
 A Controlled Affiliate shall make adequate disclosure in contracting with third parties and in disseminating public statements of 
 a. the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield System and 
 b. the independent nature of every licensee. 
 Standard 5 - Reports and Records for Controlled Affiliates 
 A Controlled Affiliate and or its Controlling Plans shall furnish, on a timely and accurate basis, reports and records relating to these Standards and the License Agreements between BCBSA and Controlled Affiliate. 
 Standard 6 - Best Efforts 
 During each year, a Controlled Affiliate shall use its best efforts to promote and build the value of the Blue Shield Marks. 
 Standard 7 - Participation in Master Business Associate Agreement 
 Controlled Affiliates shall comply with the terms of the Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees to the extent they perform the functions of a business associate or subcontractor to a business associate, as defined by the Business Associate Agreement. 

-15- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT B 
 ROYALTY FORMULA FOR SECTION 9 OF THE CONTROLLED AFFILIATE LICENSE AGREEMENTS APPLICABLE TO REGIONAL MEDICARE PART D PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN PRODUCTS 
 Controlled Affiliate will pay BCBSA a fee for this license in accordance with the following formula 
 An amount equal to its pro rata share of each Controlling Plan dues payable to BCBSA computed with the addition of the Controlled Affiliate's members using the Marks on regional PDP products and related services as reported on the Quarterly Enrollment Report with BCBSA. The payment by each Controlling Plan of its dues to BCBSA, including that portion described in this paragraph, will satisfy the requirement of this paragraph, and no separate payment will be necessary. 

Amended as of June 14, 2007 
 
 -16- 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards Page 1 of 5 
 Preamble 
 The Membership Standards apply to all organizations seeking to become or to continue as Regular Members of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. Any organization seeking to become a Regular Member must be found to be in substantial compliance with all Membership Standards at the time membership is granted and the organization must be found to be in substantial compliance with all Membership Standards for a period of two (2) years preceding the date of its application. If Membership is sought by an entity which controls or is controlled by one or more Plans, such compliance shall be determined on the basis of compliance by such Plan or Plans. 
 The Regular Member Plans shall have authority to interpret these Standards. 
 A Regular Member Plan that operates as a Shell Holding Company is defined as an entity that assumes no underwriting risk and has less than 1 of the consolidated enterprise assets (excludes investments in subsidiaries) and less than 5 of the consolidated enterprise net general and administrative expenses. 
 A Regular Member Plan that operates as a Hybrid Holding Company is defined as an entity that assumes no underwriting risk and has either more than 1 of the consolidated enterprise assets (excludes investments in subsidiaries) or more than 5 of the consolidated enterprise net general and administrative expenses. 
 Standard 1 A Plan shall maintain a governing Board, which shall control the Plan and ensure that the Plan follows appropriate practices of corporate governance. A Plan's Board shall not be controlled by any special interest group, shall make an annual determination that a majority of its directors are independent, and shall act in the best interest of its Corporation and its customers. The Board shall be composed of a majority of persons other than providers of health care services, who shall be known as public members. A public member shall not be an employee of or have a financial interest in a health care provider, nor be a member of a profession which provides health care services. 

Amended as of March 15, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards Page 2 of 5 
 Standard 2 A Plan shall furnish to the Association on a timely and accurate basis reports and records relating to compliance with these Standards and the License Agreements between the Association and the Plans. Such reports and records are the following 
 A. BCBSA Membership Information Request 
 B. Triennial trade name and service mark usage material, including disclosure material under Standard 7 
 C. Changes in the governance of the Plan, including changes in a Plan's Charter, Articles of Incorporation, or Bylaws, changes in a Plan's Board composition, or changes in the identity of the Plan's Principal Officers 
 D. Written notice to BCBSA as soon as practicable but no later than 30 days after receipt of any litigation filed against the Plan or any of its licensed controlled affiliates that includes allegations or claims that directly reference and seeks to enjoin or otherwise challenge the License Agreements, the structure of the Blue system, exclusive service areas, BCBSA, or any BCBSA rule, regulation, policy or Standard (Qualifying Litigation). 
 Notice of Qualifying Litigation to BCBSA must include (1) Name of the Case (2) Case Number (3) Location Where Case Pending and (4) Date Plan Received, and be provided to BCBSA Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. 
 E. Quarterly Financial Report, Semi-annual Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) Report as defined by the NAIC, Annual Budget, Annual Certified Audit Report, Insurance Department Examination Report, Annual Statement filed with State Insurance Department (with all attachments), Plan, Subsidiary and Affiliate Report (new version starting for period ended 12 31 20 and thereafter) and 
 Plans that are a Shell Holding Company as defined in the Preamble hereto are required to furnish only a calendar year-end Health Risk-Based Capital (HRBC) Report as defined by the NAIC. 

Amended as of March 17, 2022 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards Page 3 of 5 
 F. Quarterly Enrollment Report, Quarterly Member Touchpoint Measures Index (MTM) through 12 31 2011, and Semi-annual MTM Index starting 1 1 2012 and thereafter. 
 For purposes of MTM reporting only, a Plan shall file a separate MTM report for each Geographic Market. 
 Standard 3 A Plan shall be operated in a manner that provides reasonable financial assurance that it can fulfill its contractual obligations to its customers. 
 Standard 4 A Plan shall be operated in a manner responsive to customer needs and requirements. 
 Standard 5 A Plan shall effectively and efficiently participate in each national program as from time to time may be adopted by the Member Plans for the purposes of providing portability of membership between the Plans and ease of claims processing for customers receiving benefits outside of the Plan's Service Area. 
 Such programs are applicable to Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plans, and include 
 A. Inter-Plan Teleprocessing System (ITS) 
 B. BlueCard Program 
 C. National Account Programs 
 D. Business Associate Agreement for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Licensees, effective April 14, 2003 and 
 E. Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program. 

Amended as of March 17, 2022 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards Page 4 of 5 
 Standard 6 In addition to requirements under the national programs listed in Standard 5 Participation in National Programs, a Plan shall take such action as required to ensure its financial performance in programs and contracts of an inter-Plan nature or where the Association is a party. 
 Standard 7 A Plan shall make adequate disclosure in contracting with third parties and in disseminating public statements of (i) the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield System, (ii) the independent nature of every Plan, and (iii) the Plan's financial condition. 
 Standard 8 A Plan shall cooperate with the Association's Board of Directors and its Brand Enhancement & Protection Committee in the administration of the Plan Performance Response Process and in addressing Plan performance problems identified thereunder. 
 Standard 9 A Plan shall obtain a rating of its financial strength from an independent rating agency approved by the Association's Board of Directors for such purpose. 
 Standard 10 Notwithstanding any other provision in this License Agreement, during each year, a Plan and its Controlled Affiliate(s) engaged in providing licensable services (excluding Life Insurance and Charitable Foundation Services) shall use their best efforts to promote and build the value of the Blue Shield Marks. 
 Standard 11 Neither a Plan nor any Larger Controlled Affiliate shall cause or permit an entity other than a Plan or a Licensed Controlled Affiliate thereof to obtain control of the Plan or Larger Controlled Affiliate or to acquire a substantial portion of its assets related to licensable services. 

Amended as of June 16, 2005 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 2 
 Membership Standards Page 5 of 5 
 Standard 12 No provider network, or portion thereof, shall be rented or otherwise made available to a National Competitor if the Licensed Marks or Names are used in any way with such network. 
 A provider network may be rented or otherwise made available, provided there is no use of the Licensed Marks or Names with respect to the network being rented. 
 Standard 13 Each Plan shall operate in a manner to reasonably 1) protect the security and confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and Protected Health Information (PHI) 2) protect the Brands from reputational damage and 3) cooperate with BCBSA and other Plans if a data security incident or data breach occurs. 

Amended as of June 18, 2015 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 3 
 GUIDELINES WITH RESPECT TO USE OF LICENSED NAME AND MARKS IN CONNECTION WITH NATIONAL ACCOUNTS Page 1 of 3 
 1. The strength of the Blue Cross Blue Shield National Accounts mechanism, and the continued provision of cost effective, quality health care benefits to National Accounts, are predicated on locally managed provider networks coordinated on a national scale in a manner consistent with effective service to National Account customers and consistent with the preservation of the integrity of the Blue Cross Blue Shield system and the Licensed Marks. These guidelines shall be interpreted in keeping with such ends. 
 2. A National Account is an entity with employee and or retiree locations in more than one Plan's Service Area. Unless otherwise agreed, a National Account is deemed located in the Service Area in which the corporate headquarters of the National Account is located. A local plant, office or division headquarters of an entity may be deemed a separate National Account when that local plant, office or division headquarters 1) has employee locations in more than one Service Area, and 2) has independent health benefit decision-making authority for the employees working at such local plant, office or division headquarters and for employees working at other locations outside the Service Area. In such a case, the local plant, office or division headquarters is a National Account that is deemed located in the Service Area in which such local plant, office or division headquarters is located. The Control Plan of a National Account is the Plan in whose Service Area the National Account is located. A participating Par Plan is a Plan in whose Service Area the National Account has employee and or retiree locations, but in which the National Account is not located. In the event that a National Account parent company consolidates health benefit-decision making for itself and its wholly-owned subsidiary companies, the parent company and the subsidiary companies shall be considered one National Account. The Control Plan for such a National Account shall be the Plan in whose Service Area the parent company headquarters is located. 
 3. The National Account Guidelines enunciated herein below shall be applicable only with respect to the business of new National Accounts acquired after January 1, 1991. 
 4. Control Plans shall utilize National Account identification cards complying with then currently effective BCBSA graphic standards in connection with all National Accounts business to facilitate administration thereof, to minimize subscriber and provider confusion, and to reflect a commitment to cooperation among Plans. 

Amended as of June 12, 2003 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Exhibit 3 
 Page 2 of 3 
 5. Disputes among Plans and or BCBSA as to the interpretation or implementation of these Guidelines or as to other National Accounts issues shall be submitted to mediation and mandatory dispute resolution as provided in the License Agreement. For two years from the effective date of the License Agreement, however, such disputes shall be subject to mediation only, with the results of such mediation to be collected and reported in order to establish more definitive operating parameters for National Accounts business and to serve as ground rules for future binding dispute resolution. 
 6. The Control Plan may use the BlueCard Program (as defined by IPPC) to deliver benefits to employees and non-Medicare eligible retirees in a Participating Plan s service area if an alternative arrangement with the Participating Plan cannot be negotiated. The Participating Plan s minimum servicing requirement for those employees and non-Medicare retirees in its service area is to deliver benefits using the BlueCard Program. Account delivery is subject to the policies, provisions and procedures of the BlueCard Program. 
 7. For provider payments in a Participating Plan s area (on non-BlueCard claims), payment to the provider may be made by the Participating Plan or the Control Plan at the Participating Plan's option. If the Participating Plan elects to pay the provider, it may not withhold payment of a claim verified by the Control Plan or its designated processor, and payment must be in conformity with service criteria established by the Board of Directors of BCBSA (or an authorized committee thereof) to assure prompt payment, good service and minimum confusion with providers and subscribers. The Control Plan, at the Participating Plan's request, will also assure that measures are taken to protect the confidentiality of the data pertaining to provider reimbursement levels and profiles. 

Amended as of June 14, 1996 

Exhibit 10.12 

 Exhibit 3 
 Page 3 of 3 
 8. The Control Plan, in its financial agreements with a National Account, is expected to reasonably reflect the aggregate amount of differentials passed along to the Control Plan by all Participating Plans in a National Account. 
 9. Other than in contracting with health care providers or soliciting such contracts in areas contiguous to a Plan's Service Area in order to serve its subscribers or those of its licensed Controlled Affiliate residing or working in its Service Area, a Control Plan may not use the Licensed Marks and or Name, as a tag line or otherwise, to negotiate directly with providers outside its Service Area. 

Amended as of March 13, 2003 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS AND CERTAIN OTHER USES Page 1 of 14 
 1. A Plan and its licensed Controlled Affiliate may use the Licensed Marks and Name in bidding on and executing a contract to serve a Government Program, and in thereafter communicating with the Government concerning the Program. With respect, however, to such contracts entered into after the 1st day of January, 1991, the Licensed Marks and Name will not be used in communications or transactions with beneficiaries or providers in the Government Program located outside a Plan's Service Area, unless the Plan can demonstrate to the satisfaction of BCBSA's governing body that such a restriction on use of the Licensed Marks and Name will jeopardize its ability to procure the contract for the Government Program. As to both existing and future contracts for Government Programs, Plans will discontinue use of the Licensed Marks and Name as to beneficiaries and Providers outside their Service Area as expeditiously as circumstances reasonably permit. Effective January 1, 1995, except as provided in the first sentence above, all use by a Plan of the Licensed Marks and Name in Government Programs outside of the Plan's Service Area shall be discontinued. Incidental communications outside a Plan's Service Area with resident or former resident beneficiaries of the Plan, and other categories of necessary incidental communications approved by BCBSA, are not prohibited. For purposes of this Paragraph 1, the term Government Programs shall mean Medicare Part A, Medicare Part B and other non-risk government programs. 
 2. In connection with activity otherwise in furtherance of the License Agreement, a Plan and its Controlled Affiliates that are licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name in its Service Area pursuant to the Controlled Affiliate License Agreements authorized in clauses a) through c) of Paragraph 2 of the Plan s License Agreement with BCBSA may use the Licensed Marks and Name outside the Plan s Service Area in the following circumstances which are deemed legitimate and necessary and not likely to cause consumer confusion 
 2.1 Common Business Communications 
 a. sending letterhead, envelopes, and similar items solely for administrative purposes (e.g., not for purposes of marketing, advertising, promoting, selling or soliciting the sale of health care plans and related services) 
 b. distributing business cards other than in marketing and selling 
 c. advertising in publications or electronic media solely to persons for employment 

Amended as of June 19, 2014 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 2 of 14 
 2.2 Marketing Spillover 
 a. advertising in print, electronic or other media which serve, as a substantial market, the Service Area of the Plan or licensed Controlled Affiliate, provided that no Plan or Controlled Affiliate may advertise outside its Service Area on the national broadcast and cable networks and that advertisements in national print media are limited to the smallest regional edition encompassing the Service Area 
 b. advertising by direct mail where the addressee's zip code plus 4 includes, at least in part, the Plan's Service Area or that of a licensed Controlled Affiliate 
 2.3 Provider Contracting 
 a. contracting with health care providers or soliciting such contracts in areas contiguous to the Plan's Service Area in order to serve its subscribers or those of such licensed Controlled Affiliates residing or working in its service area 
 b. issuing a small sign containing the legal name or trade name of the Plan or such licensed Controlled Affiliates for display by a provider to identify the latter as a participating provider of the Plan or Controlled Affiliate 
 c. negotiating case-specific reimbursement rates with a provider that does not have a contract applicable to a specific member s services rendered or to be rendered with the Licensee (or any of the Licensees in the case of overlapping Service Areas) in whose Service Area the health care provider is located, so long as 
 (1) the Licensee engaging in the negotiations complies with all applicable Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions and Brand Regulations related to case-specific rate negotiations, and 
 (2) the Licensee (or all Licensees in the case of overlapping Service Areas) in whose Service Area the health care provider is located provides consent before negotiations commence. 

Amended as of January 22, 2019 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 3 of 14 
 d. contracting with a pharmacy management organization Pharmacy Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional pharmacy network to provide self-administered prescription drugs to deliver a pharmacy benefit for all of the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s members nationwide, provided, however, that the Pharmacy Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the pharmacy providers in such network. 

Amended as of January 22, 2019 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 4 of 14 
 e. contracting with the corporate owner of a national or regional retail pharmacy chain to gain access to the pharmacies in the chain to provide self-administered prescription drugs to deliver a pharmacy benefit for all of the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s members nationwide, provided that (1) the Plan and the Controlled Affiliate may not contract directly with pharmacists or pharmacy stores outside the Plan s Service Area, and (2) neither the Plan s or the Controlled Affiliate s name nor the Licensed Marks or Name may be posted or otherwise displayed at or by any pharmacy store outside the Plan s Service Area 
 f. contracting with a dental management organization Dental Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional dental network to deliver a routine dental benefit for all of the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s members nationwide, provided, however, that the Dental Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the dental providers in such network 
 g. contracting with a vision management organization Vision Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional vision network to deliver a routine vision benefit for all of the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s members nationwide, provided, however, that the Vision Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the vision providers in such network 
 h. contracting with an independent clinical laboratory for analysis and clinical assessment of specimens that are collected within the Plan s Service Area 
 i. contracting with a durable medical equipment or home medical equipment company for durable medical equipment and supplies and home medical equipment and supplies that are shipped to a location within the Plan s Service Area 
 j. contracting with a specialty pharmaceutical company for non-routine biological therapeutics that are ordered by a health care professional located within the Plan s Service Area 
 k. contracting with a company that operates provider sites in the Plan s Service Area, provided that the contract is solely for services rendered at a site (e.g., hospital, mobile van) that is within the Plan s Service Area 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 5 of 14 
 l. contracting with a company that makes health care professionals available in the Plan s Service Area (e.g., traveling home health nurse), provided that the contract is solely for services rendered by health care professionals who are located within the Plan s Service Area. 
 m. Permitting Control Home Plans ability to resolve members service issues requiring outreach to out-of-area providers as set forth in the Inter-Plan Programs and Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program Policies. 
 n. contracting with national telemedicine and virtual healthcare (i.e., telehealth providers) companies nationally for all virtual-only health care services in accordance with Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions. 
 2.4 Services to National Accounts 
 a. in conjunction with contracting with a National Account as Control Licensee or Alternate Control Licensee (as those terms are defined in the Inter-Plan Programs Policies and Provisions IP Policies )) to offer Blue-branded Health Coverage to the National Account, offering Blue-branded Health and Wellness Programs to all members of the National Account, including members who have not enrolled in the Blue-branded Health Coverage non-Blue Health Coverage members ), provided that 
 (i) the Plan and or Licensed Controlled Affiliate has no contact or interaction with providers outside of the Plan s Service Area, except as specifically provided in the IP Policies and in 2.4(b) and 
 (ii) if in accordance with IP Policies another Licensee is soliciting or servicing under the Brands a local plant, office or division of the account that is outside of the Plan s Service Area, the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate may not offer Blue-branded Health and Wellness Programs to any employees working at such local plant, office or division without the consent of such other Licensee and 
 (iii) if the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate provides an information card to the non-Blue Health Coverage members, the card may not display the Symbols in the masthead, must contain a prominent disclosure conveying that it is not a health insurance card, and otherwise must be designed so that it is dissimilar to a Blue member identification card. 

Amended as of June 16, 2022 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 6 of 14 
 2.4 Services to National Accounts (continued) 
 For purposes of this subparagraph a, the following definitions apply 
 Health and Wellness Program shall mean a program that includes at least one of the following elements or a related element 
 Health Risk Assessment and or Preventive Screenings 
 Exercise and Fitness Programs 
 Health and Wellness Events (e.g., attendance at a health fair, a 5K walk) 
 Nutrition and Weight Management 
 Health Education (e.g., smoking cessation classes) 
 Prenatal and Parenting Education 
 Disease or Chronic Condition Management 
 The above listing is intended to represent examples of the types of programs that may be offered, and other programs, including those offered through different media such as the internet or telephonically, may also be deemed Health and Wellness programs. 
 Health Coverage shall mean providing or administering medical, surgical, hospital, major medical, or catastrophic coverage, or any HMO, PPO, POS or other managed care plan for the foregoing services. 
 b. as part of a Health and Wellness Program that is otherwise compliant with Brand Regulation 4.11.4(a), contracting with a health and wellness organization to gain access to providers to deliver a discrete health and wellness event Event held at a National Account s worksite outside of the Licensee s Service Area, provided that 
 (i) the services delivered at the Event are limited to fingerstick screenings for cholesterol and glucose, seasonal flu immunizations, blood pressure measurements, body mass index measurements, and other routine screenings, immunizations and measurements and 
 (ii) neither such services nor their costs are applied as claims against any benefit plan and 
 (iii) the Event is presented during one or more limited periods during a benefit year and is available to all employees at the worksite. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 7 of 14 
 c. in conjunction with contracting with a National Account as Control Licensee or Alternate Control Licensee to offer Blue-branded Health Coverage to the National Account, performing the Eligibility and Enrollment functions of HR administration for all benefit plans offered by the National Account to its members, including benefit plans that are not underwritten or administered by the Plan, provided that 
 (i) in performing such functions, the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate does not use the Brands in any communications with health care providers outside of the Plan s Service Area, and otherwise limits its use of the Brands outside of the Service Area to communications with the account s members, the other benefit plan providers with which the account has contracted and other reasonably necessary communications to perform such functions and 
 (ii) if in accordance with IP Policies another Licensee is soliciting or servicing under the Brands a local plant, office or division of the account that is outside of the Plan s Service Area, the Plan and or licensed Controlled Affiliate may not perform Eligibility and Enrollment functions for employees working at such local plant, office or division without the consent of such other Licensee 
 d. in conjunction with contracting with a National Account as Control Licensee or Alternate Control Licensee to perform or investigate fraud, waste and abuse investigation activities for a non-participating provider in a Par Host Plan s service area, as long as the Control Home Plan is given permission to do so by the Par Host Plan and specific conditions are met in accordance with Inter-Plan Programs and Inter-Plan Medicare Advantage Program policies. 
 For purposes of this subparagraph b, the following definitions apply 
 Health Coverage has the meaning set forth in subparagraph 2.4.a. 

Amended as of September 27, 2018 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 8 of 14 
 Eligibility means services that manage the account s eligibility data and determine or process determinations relating to eligibility for benefit plans offered by the account to its employees, including such services as 
 monitoring and auditing data to ensure that only entitled individuals are enrolled in each such benefit plan 
 review of eligibility documentation (e.g. marriage licenses, birth certificates, student status verification letters, employment records) 
 identification of key member segments such as over-age dependents, part-time employees, employees reaching certain milestones (e.g. Medicare-eligible, retirees) 
 termination of coverage for those individuals found to be ineligible for coverage under a benefit plan, and, if applicable, generation of a COBRA event and 
 management of hour-banking for union environments in which union members can bank hours to remain eligible for benefits. 
 Enrollment means services that enroll eligible individuals and their spouses dependents or terminate or change their enrollment in the account s benefit plans on an ongoing basis and during open enrollment periods, including such services as 
 the coordination of each step in open enrollment process from project planning and system set-up to the generation of confirmation statements 
 ongoing enrollment support for new hires and changes due to life events and work status adjustments 
 evidence of insurability (EOI) administration for life and disability coverage 
 transmission of eligibility enrollment information to the account s benefit plan providers 
 review and reconciliation of error reports received from the account s benefit plan providers and 
 transmission of information to the account s payroll system (e.g., benefit deductions, employee demographic data). 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 9 of 14 
 2.5 Knowledge Sharing 
 a. submitting scholarly articles authored or co-authored by the Plan or Controlled Affiliate or its respective employees for publication in peer-reviewed journals 
 b. permitting an internal representative of the Licensee (e.g., officer, employee) to speak or present at a conference or symposium outside of the Licensee s Service Area regarding either (i) healthcare financing, administration, delivery or policy, or (ii) topics within the representative s functional discipline or expertise at the Licensee, for which the event sponsor will issue communications to promote, administer, and or recap the event that will identify the Licensee s representative as a participant. The communications outside of the Licensee s Service Area that mention the Licensee s representative shall be limited to materials and digital media provided to attendees, on-site signage, advertising in relevant trade publications, direct mail and email to attendees and prospective attendees, and the sponsor s website, Participation in any conference or symposium outside of the Licensee s Service Area may not be for the purpose of marketing or selling products or services. 
 If the Licensee s representative wishes to use the Brands in any manner, including use in his her title, when participating as a speaker or presenter outside of the Licensee s Service Area about a topic that is not related to healthcare financing, administration, delivery, or policy, or to topics within the representative s functional discipline or expertise at the Licensee, the Licensee must notify BCBSA and receive prior approval from BCBSA before participating. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 10 of 14 
 2.6 Other Uses 
 a. entering into a license agreement between and among BCBSA, the Plan and a debit card issuer located outside the Plan s Service Area, and entering into a corresponding operating agreement or agreements, in order to offer a debit card bearing the Licensed Marks and Name to eligible persons as defined by the aforementioned license agreement 
 b. appearing in communications issued by an independent third party to recognize outstanding performance of the Plan or Controlled Affiliate or a member of the Plan s or Controlled Affiliate s senior management as part of an established program of the third party for which the Plan has provided information to be considered for the recognition, provided that such use complies with regulations of general application specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time 
 c. to identify itself as being a joint sponsor of an event, program or activity along with other Plans or such Plans licensed Controlled Affiliates, provided that such use complies with regulations of general application specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time 
 d. hosting meetings or events (collectively, events in Washington, D.C. or a Plan s State Capitol related to policy and business issues in the Licensee s Service Area, or hosting events in conjunction with the assemblies or conventions of national political parties. Such events may not involve marketing or selling products or services. Use of the Brands outside the Licensee s Service Area in connection with such events shall be limited to materials and digital media provided to attendees and prospective attendees and onsite signage. For any such events in Washington, D.C. that are open to attendees other than government officials or their staffs, or are briefings open to all Congressional staff, or are otherwise likely to receive media coverage, the Licensee is required to provide advance notice to BCBSA. For events hosted outside of Washington, D.C. in conjunction with the assemblies or conventions of national political parties, the Licensee is required to provide advance notice to BCGSA and to the local Plan(s) 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 11 of 14 
 e. permitting an affiliate that is not licensed to use the Licensed Marks to identify its corporate relationship with the Plan, provided that such use complies with regulations of general application specifically prescribed by BCBSA from time to time. 
 3. In connection with activity otherwise in furtherance of the License Agreement, a Controlled Affiliate that is licensed to use the Licensed Marks and Name pursuant to a Controlled Affiliate License Agreement authorized in clauses d) or e) of Paragraph 2 of the Plan s License Agreement with BCBSA may use the Licensed Marks and Name outside the Region (as that term is defined in such respective Controlled Affiliate License Agreements) in the following circumstances which are deemed legitimate and necessary and not likely to cause consumer confusion 
 a. sending letterhead, envelopes, and similar items solely for administrative purposes (e.g., not for purposes of marketing, advertising, promoting, selling or soliciting the sale of health care plans and related services). 
 b. distributing business cards other than in marketing and selling 
 c. contracting with health care providers or soliciting such contracts in areas contiguous to the Region in order to serve its subscribers residing in the Region, provided that the Controlled Affiliate may not use the names of any of its Controlling Plans in connection with such contracting unless the provider is located in a geographic area that is also contiguous to such Controlling Plan s Service Area 
 d. issuing a small sign containing the legal name or trade name of the Controlled Affiliate for display by a provider to identify the latter as a participating provider of the Controlled Affiliate, provided that the Controlled Affiliate may not use the names of any of its Controlling Plans on such signs unless the provider is located in a geographic area that is also contiguous to such Controlling Plan s Service Area 
 e. advertising in publications or electronic media solely to persons for employment 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 12 of 14 
 f. advertising in print, electronic or other media which serve, as a substantial market, the Region, provided that the Controlled Affiliate may not advertise outside its Region on the national broadcast and cable networks and that advertisements in national print media are limited to the smallest regional edition encompassing the Region, and provided further that any such advertising by the Controlled Affiliate may not reference the name of any of its Controlling Plans unless the respective Controlling Plan is authorized under paragraph 2 of this Exhibit 4 to advertise in such media 
 g. advertising by direct mail where the addressee's zip code plus 4 includes, at least in part, the Region, provided that such advertising by the Controlled Affiliate may not reference the name of any of its Controlling Plans unless the respective Controlling Plan is authorized under paragraph 2 of this Exhibit 4 to send direct mail to such zip code plus 4. 
 h. Intentionally left blank, pending review by the Inter-Plan Programs Committee of the applicability of the case management rule to such Controlled Affiliates. 
 i. contracting with a pharmacy management organization Pharmacy Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional pharmacy network to provide self-administered prescription drugs to deliver a pharmacy benefit for the Controlled Affiliate s regional Medicare Advantage PPO or regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug members enrolled under the Licensed Marks pursuant to such respective Controlled Affiliate License Agreements, provided, however, that the Pharmacy Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the pharmacy providers in such network 
 j. contracting with the corporate owner of a national or regional retail pharmacy chain to gain access to the pharmacies in the chain to provide self-administered prescription drugs to deliver a pharmacy benefit to the Controlled Affiliate s regional Medicare Advantage PPO or regional Medicare Part D Prescription Drug members enrolled under the Licensed Marks pursuant to such respective 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 13 of 14 
 Controlled Affiliate License Agreements, provided that (1) the Controlled Affiliate may not contract directly with pharmacists or pharmacy stores outside the Region, and (2) neither the Controlled Affiliate s name nor the Licensed Marks or Name may be posted or otherwise displayed at or by any pharmacy store outside the Region 
 k. contracting with a dental management organization Dental Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional dental network to deliver a routine dental benefit for the Controlled Affiliate s regional Medicare Advantage PPO members enrolled under the Licensed Marks pursuant to such Controlled Affiliate License Agreement, provided, however, that the Dental Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the dental providers in such network 
 l. contracting with a vision management organization Vision Intermediary to gain access to a national or regional vision network to deliver a routine vision benefit for the Controlled Affiliate s regional Medicare Advantage members enrolled under the Licensed Marks pursuant to such Controlled Affiliate License Agreement, provided, however, that the Vision Intermediary may not use the Licensed Marks or Name in contracting with the vision providers in such network 
 m. contracting with an independent clinical laboratory for analysis and clinical assessment of specimens that are collected within the Controlled Affiliate s Region 
 n. contracting with a durable medical equipment or home medical equipment company for durable medical equipment and supplies and home medical equipment and supplies that are shipped to a location within the Controlled Affiliate s Region 
 o. contracting with a specialty pharmaceutical company for non-routine biological therapeutics that are ordered by a health care professional located within the Region 
 p. contracting with a company that operates provider sites in the Region, provided that the contract is solely for services rendered at a site (e.g., hospital, mobile van) that is within the Region 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 4 
 Page 14 of 14 
 q. contracting with a company that makes health care professionals available in the Region (e.g., traveling home health nurse), provided that the contract is solely for services rendered by health care professionals who are located within the Region. 
 4. BCBSA shall retain the right to use the Licensed Marks in conjunction with the Federal Employee Program and with any other national offering made to federal employees pursuant to the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program (FEHBP), including the right to license such use to its vendors, but only in the following manner. 
 a. the Licensed Marks may only be used by BCBSA with the term Federal Employee Program , Federal , FEP , or similar language identifying the program as a benefit program for federal employees 
 b. the Licensed Marks may not be used by BCBSA with the name(s) of a specific Plan or Plans and 
 c. any use by BCBSA in conjunction with a new national FEHBP program proposed after the enactment of this amendment will require the approval of the BCBSA Board of Directors. 
 5. Where required by applicable state or local law or regulation, a Plan or its licensed Controlled Affiliate may submit documents that contain the Brands to, and file forms that contain the Brands with, state or local regulators in a state not included in its Service Area, provided that it gives reasonable advance notice to the local Plan of its intent to submit such documents or file such forms. Notwithstanding, in no event may a Plan or its licensed Controlled Affiliate use the Brands to register, or to obtain or maintain a license, a certificate of authority, or an equivalent document authorizing it to act as a risk-bearing entity or third-party administrator in a state not included in its Service Area. If the local Plan advises BCBSA that it believes its License Agreement has been or would be violated by any submission or filing, BCBSA shall determine whether such submission or filing is required by state or local law or regulation and violates the License Agreement, subject to the Plan s or licensed Controlled Affiliate s rights to obtain an independent review of such determination under Paragraph 9(a) and Exhibit 5 of its License Agreement or Paragraph 8 of the Controlled Affiliate License. For purposes of this paragraph, local Plan is defined as each Plan whose Service Area includes all or part of the state in which the foregoing applicable state or local law or regulation has been enacted. 

Amended as of March 26, 2015 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 1 of 23 
 MEDIATION AND MANDATORY DISPUTE RESOLUTION (MMDR) RULES 
 The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plans Plans and the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association BCBSA recognize and acknowledge that the Blue Cross and Blue Shield system is a unique nonprofit and for-profit system offering cost effective health care financing and services. The Plans and BCBSA desire to utilize Mediation and Mandatory Dispute Resolution MMDR to avoid expensive and time-consuming litigation that may otherwise occur in the federal and state judicial systems. Even MMDR should be viewed, however, as methods of last resort, all other procedures for dispute resolution having failed. Except as otherwise provided in the License Agreements, the Plans, their Controlled Affiliates and BCBSA agree to submit all disputes to MMDR pursuant to these Rules and in lieu of litigation. 
 1. Initiation of Proceedings 
 A. Pre-MMDR Efforts 
 Before filing a Complaint to invoke the MMDR process, the CEO of a complaining party, or his her designated representative, shall undertake good faith efforts with the other side(s) to try to resolve any dispute. 
 B. Complaint 
 To commence a proceeding, the complaining party (or parties) shall provide by certified mail, return receipt requested, a written Complaint to the BCBSA Corporate Secretary (which shall also constitute service on BCBSA if it is a respondent) and to any Plan(s) and or Controlled Affiliate(s) named therein. The Complaint shall contain 
 i. identification of the complaining party (or parties) requesting the proceeding 
 ii. identification of the respondent(s) 
 iii. identification of any other persons or entities who are interested in a resolution of the dispute 
 iv. a full statement describing the nature of the dispute 
 v. identification of all of the issues that are being submitted for resolution 

Amended as of November 21, 1996 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 2 of 23 
 vi. the remedy sought 
 vii. a statement as to whether the complaining party (or parties) elect(s) first to pursue Mediation 
 viii. any request, if applicable, that the matter be handled on an expedited basis and the reasons therefor and 
 ix. a statement signed by the CEO of the complaining party affirming that the CEO has undertaken efforts, or has directed efforts to be undertaken, to resolve the dispute before resorting to the MMDR process. 
 The complaining party (or parties) shall file and serve with the Complaint copies of all documents which the party (or parties) intend(s) to offer at the Arbitration Hearing and a statement identifying the witnesses the party (or parties) intend(s) to present at the Hearing, along with a summary of each witness' expected testimony. 
 C. Answer 
 Within twenty (20) days after receipt of the Complaint, each respondent shall serve on BCBSA and on the complaining party (or parties) 
 i. a full Answer to the aforesaid Complaint 
 ii. a statement of any Counterclaims against the complaining party (or parties), providing with respect thereto the information specified in Paragraph 1.B., above 
 iii. a statement as to whether the respondent elects to first pursue Mediation and 
 iv. any request, if applicable, that the matter be handled on an expedited basis and the reasons therefor. 
 The respondent(s) shall file and serve with the Answer or by the date of the Initial Conference set forth in Paragraph 3.C., below, copies of all documents which the respondent(s) intend(s) to offer at the Arbitration Hearing and a statement identifying the witnesses the party (or parties) intend(s) to present at the Hearing, along with a summary of each witness' expected testimony. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 3 of 23 
 D. Reply To Counterclaim 
 Within ten (10) days after receipt of any Counterclaim, the complaining party (or parties) shall serve on BCBSA and on the responding party (or parties) a Reply to the Counterclaim. Such Reply must provide the same information required by Paragraph 1.C., above. 
 2. Mediation 
 To facilitate the mediation of disputes between or among BCBSA, the Plans and or their Controlled Affiliates, the BCBSA Board has provided for Mediation under these Rules. Mediation may be pursued in lieu of or in an effort to obviate the Mandatory Dispute Resolution process, and all parties are strongly urged, but not required, to exhaust the mediation procedure provided for herein. In the event any party refuses to proceed with Mediation, the parties shall proceed immediately to Mandatory Dispute Resolution, as provided in Section 3. 
 A. Selection of Mediators 
 If all parties agree to pursue Mediation, they shall promptly attempt to agree upon (i) the number of mediators desired, not to exceed three mediators and (ii) the selection of experienced mediator(s) from an independent entity to mediate all disputes set forth in the Complaint and Answer (and Counterclaim and Reply, if any). In the event the parties are unable to agree upon the selection or number of mediators, both within five (5) days of the service of the Answer or Reply to Counterclaim, whichever is later, the BCBSA Corporate Secretary shall immediately refer the matter to a nationally recognized professional ADR organization (such as CPR or JAMS) for mediation by a single mediator to be selected by the ADR organization. 
 B. Binding Decision 
 Before the Mediation Hearing described below, the BCBSA Corporate Secretary shall contact the parties to determine whether they wish to be bound by any recommendation of the selected mediator(s) for resolution of the disputes. If all wish to be bound, the Corporate Secretary will send appropriate documentation to them for their signatures before the Mediation Hearing begins. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 4 of 23 
 C. Mediation Procedure 
 The Mediator(s) shall apply the mediation procedures and processes provided for herein (not the rules of the ADR organization with which they are affiliated) and shall promptly advise the parties of a scheduled Mediation Hearing date. Unless a party requests an expedited procedure, or unless all parties to the proceeding agree to one or more extensions of time, the Mediation Hearing set forth below shall be completed within forty (40) days of BCBSA's receipt of the Complaint. The selected mediator(s), unless the parties otherwise agree, shall adhere to the following procedure 
 i. Each party must be represented by its CEO or other representative who has been delegated full authority to resolve the dispute. However, parties may send additional representatives as they see fit. 
 ii. Each party will be given one-half hour to present its case, beginning with the complaining party (or parties), followed by the other party or parties. The parties are free to structure their presentations as they see fit, using oral statements or direct examination of witnesses. However, neither cross-examination nor questioning of opposing representatives will be permitted. At the close of each presentation, the selected mediator(s) will be given an opportunity to ask questions of the presenters and witnesses. All parties must be present throughout the Mediation Hearing. The selected mediator(s) may extend the time allowed for each party's presentation at the Mediation Hearing. The selected mediator(s) may meet in executive session, outside the presence of the parties, or may meet with the parties separately, to discuss the controversy. 
 iii. After the close of the presentations, the parties will attempt to negotiate a settlement of the dispute. If the parties desire, the selected mediators, or any one or more of the selected mediator(s), will sit in on the negotiations. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 5 of 23 
 iv. After the close of the presentations, the selected mediator(s) may meet privately to agree upon a recommendation for resolution of the dispute which would be submitted to the parties for their consideration and approval. If the parties have previously agreed to be bound by the results of this procedure, this recommendation shall be binding upon the parties. 
 v. The purpose of the Mediation Hearing is to assist the parties to settle their grievances short of mandatory dispute resolution. As a result, the Mediation Hearing has been designed to be as informal as possible. Rules of evidence shall not apply. There will be no transcript of the proceedings, and no party may make a tape recording of the Mediation Hearing. 
 vi. In order to facilitate a free and open discussion, the Mediation proceeding shall remain confidential. A Stipulation to Confidentiality which prohibits future use of settlement offers, all position papers or other statements furnished to the selected mediator(s), and decisions or recommendations in any Mediation proceeding shall be executed by each party. 
 vii. Upon request of the selected mediator(s), or one of the parties, BCBSA staff may also submit documentation at any time during the proceedings. 
 D. Notice of Termination of Mediation 
 If the Mediation cannot be completed within the prescribed or agreed time period due to the lack of cooperation of any party, as determined by the selected mediator(s), or if the Mediation does not result in a final resolution of all disputes at the Mediation Hearing or within ten (10) days after the Mediation Hearing, any party or any one of the selected mediator(s) shall so notify the BCBSA Corporate Secretary, who shall promptly issue a Notice of Termination of Mediation to all parties, to the selected mediator(s), and to the MDR Administrator. Such notice shall serve to bring the Mediation to an end and to initiate Mandatory Dispute Resolution. Upon agreement of all parties and the mediator(s), the Mediation process may continue at the same time the MDR process is invoked. In such case, the Notice of Termination of Mediation described above serves to initiate the MDR proceeding, but does not terminate mediation proceedings, which may proceed simultaneous with the MDR proceeding. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 6 of 23 
 3. Mandatory Dispute Resolution (MDR) 
 If any party elects not to first pursue Mediation, or if a Notice of Termination of Mediation is issued as set forth in Paragraph 2.D., above, then the unresolved disputes set forth in any Complaint and Answer (and Counterclaim and Reply, if any) shall be subject to mandatory binding arbitration (herein referred to as MDR ). 
 A. MDR Administrator 
 The Administrator for purposes of Mandatory Arbitration shall be an independent nationally recognized entity such as CPR or JAMS, specializing in alternative dispute resolution. In the event the parties pursued Mediation with CPR, JAMS or a similar organization, that organization also shall serve as the MDR Administrator, unless all parties notify the BCBSA Corporate Secretary in writing within two (2) days of receiving the Notice of Termination of Mediation that they wish to pursue MDR with another nationally recognized organization serving as MDR Administrator. 
 In the event the parties (i) did not pursue Mediation, (ii) pursued mediation with a Mediator not affiliated with an ADR organization that offers a panel of arbitrators, or (iii) all parties that pursued Mediation notified the BCBSA Corporate Secretary that they wish to have an MDR Administrator that is different from the organization with which their mediator was affiliated, they shall promptly attempt to agree on a nationally recognized ADR entity that supplies a panel of arbitrators. If they reach such agreement within five (5) days of the Notice of Termination of Mediation or receipt of the Answer or Reply to Counterclaim (whichever is later), the parties shall promptly inform the BCBSA Corporate Secretary of their agreed upon ADR organization. In the event the parties are unable to reach agreement on an MDR Administrator within that timeframe, the BCBSA Corporate Secretary shall immediately refer the matter to CPR, JAMS or a similar organization for MDR. 
 Any person who served as a Mediator shall not serve as an arbitrator for the same or similar dispute for purposes of MDR. 
 B. Rules for MDR 
 The rules controlling all aspects of MDR shall be exclusively those provided for herein. The rules promulgated or otherwise used by the MDR Administrator organization shall not apply. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 7 of 23 
 C. Initial Conference 
 Within seven (7) days after a Notice of Termination has issued, or the matter has otherwise been referred to an MDR Administrator, or within five (5) days after the time for filing and serving the Answer or Reply to any Counterclaim (whichever is later) if the parties elect first not to mediate, the parties shall confer with the Administrator to discuss selecting a dispute resolution panel the Panel ). This conference (the Initial Conference may be by telephone. The parties are encouraged to agree to the composition of the Panel and to present that agreement to the Administrator at the Initial Conference. If the parties do not agree on the composition of the Panel by the time of the Initial Conference, or by any extension thereof agreed to by all parties and the Administrator, then the Panel Selection Process set forth in subparagraph D, below, shall be followed. 
 D. Panel Selection Process 
 The Administrator shall designate, prior to the Initial Conference, at least seven potential arbitrators. Each party shall be permitted to strike any designee for cause and the Administrator shall determine the sufficiency thereof in its sole discretion. The Administrator will designate a replacement for any designee so stricken. Each party shall then be permitted one peremptory strike from the list of designees. The Administrator shall set the dates for exercising all strikes, which shall be set to encourage the prompt selection of arbitrators. 
 After the parties exercise any designee strikes for cause and their peremptory strike against any designee of their choice, the parties shall each rank the remaining panel members in order of preference and provide the Administrator, without serving on any other party, their ranked list. The Administrator shall not disclose any party s ranked list to members of the panel or to other parties. 
 From the remaining designees, and after considering opportunities to maximize, so far as possible, the collectively stated arbitrator preferences provided by the parties on their ranked lists, the Administrator shall select a three member Panel. The Panel Selection Process shall be completed no later than ten (10) days after the Initial Conference. 
 Each Arbitrator shall be compensated at his or her normal hourly rate or, in the absence of an established rate, at a reasonable hourly rate to be promptly fixed by the Administrator for all time spent in connection with the proceedings and shall be reimbursed for any travel and other reasonable expenses. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 8 of 23 
 E. Duties Of The Arbitrators 
 The Panel shall promptly designate a Presiding Arbitrator for the purposes reflected below, but shall retain the power to review and modify any ruling or other action of said Presiding Arbitrator. Each Arbitrator shall be an independent Arbitrator, shall be governed by the Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes, and shall at or prior to the commencement of any Arbitration Hearing take an oath to that effect. Each Arbitrator shall promptly disclose in writing to the Panel and to the parties any circumstances, whenever arising, that might cause doubt as to such Arbitrator's compliance, or ability to comply, with said Code of Ethics, and, absent resignation by such Arbitrator, the remaining Arbitrators shall determine in their sole discretion whether the circumstances so disclosed constitute grounds for disqualification and for replacement. With respect to such circumstances arising or coming to the attention of a party after an Arbitrator's selection, a party may likewise request the Arbitrator's resignation or a determination as to disqualification by the remaining Arbitrators. With respect to a sole Arbitrator, the determination as to disqualification shall be made by the Administrator. 
 There shall be no ex parte communication between the parties or their counsel and any member of the Panel. 
 F. Panel's Jurisdiction And Authority 
 The Panel's jurisdiction and authority shall extend to all disputes between or among the Plans, their Controlled Affiliates, and or BCBSA, except for those disputes excepted from these MMDR procedures as set forth in the License Agreements. 
 With the exception of punitive or treble damages, the Panel shall have full authority to award the relief it deems appropriate to resolve the parties' disputes, including monetary awards and injunctions, mandatory or prohibitory. The Panel has no authority to award punitive or treble damages except that the Panel may allocate or assess responsibility for punitive or treble damages assessed by another tribunal. Subject to the above limitations, the Panel may, by way of example, but not of limitation 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 9 of 23 
 i. interpret or construe the meaning of any terms, phrase or provision in any license between BCBSA and a Plan or a Controlled Affiliate relating to the use of the BLUE CROSS or BLUE SHIELD service marks. 
 ii. determine whether BCBSA, a Plan or a Controlled Affiliate has violated the terms or conditions of any license between the BCBSA and a Plan or a Controlled Affiliate relating to the use of the BLUE CROSS or BLUE SHIELD service marks. 
 iii. decide challenges as to its own jurisdiction. 
 iv. issue such orders for interim relief as it deems appropriate pending Hearing and Award in any Arbitration. 
 It is understood that the Panel is expected to resolve issues based on governing principles of law, preserving to the maximum extent legally possible the continued integrity of the Licensed Marks and the BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD system. The Panel shall apply federal law to all issues which, if asserted in the United States District Court, would give rise to federal question jurisdiction, 28 U.S.C. 1331. The Panel shall apply Illinois law to all issues involving interpretation, performance or construction of any License Agreement or Controlled Affiliate License Agreement unless the agreement otherwise provides. As to other issues, the Panel shall choose the applicable law based on conflicts of law principles of the State of Illinois. 
 G. Administrative Conference 
 Within five (5) days of the Panel being selected, the Presiding Arbitrator shall confer with the parties and the other members of the Panel and shall schedule, in writing, a conference in which the parties and the Panel shall participate (the Administrative Conference ). The Administrative Conference shall take place no later than fifteen (15) days after the Panel is selected. At the Administrative Conference the parties and the Panel shall discuss the scheduling of the Arbitration Hearing and any other matter appropriate to be considered, including but not limited to any written discovery in the form of requests for production of documents or requests to admit facts the identity of any witness whose deposition a party may desire and a showing of exceptional good cause for the taking 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 10 of 23 
 of any such deposition the desirability of bifurcation or other separation of the issues the need for and the type of record of conferences and hearings, including the need for transcripts the need for expert witnesses and how expert testimony should be presented the appropriateness of motions to dismiss and or for full or partial summary judgment consideration of stipulations the desirability of presenting any direct testimony in writing and the necessity for any on-site inspection by the Panel. If the parties agree, the Administrative Conference may be by telephone. 
 H. Discovery 
 i. Requests for Production of Documents All requests for the production of documents must be served no later than five (5) days after the date of the Initial Conference. Within twenty (20) days after receipt of a request for production of documents, a party shall (a) serve responses and objections to the request, (b) produce all responsive, non-privileged documents to the requesting party, and (c) to the extent any responsive documents are withheld on the grounds of attorney-client privilege or work product, produce a log identifying such documents in the manner specified in Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(5). If, after reviewing a privilege log, the requesting party believes attorney-client privilege or work product protection was improperly claimed by the producing party with respect to any document, the requesting party may ask the Presiding Arbitrator to conduct an in-camera inspection of the same. With respect to documentary and other discovery produced in any MDR proceeding by BCBSA, the fact that a party s CEO or other senior officers may serve on the BCBSA Board of Directors, BCBSA Board Committees or other BCBSA work groups, task forces and the like, shall not be a basis for defeating an otherwise valid claim of attorney-client privilege or work product protection over such documentary or other discovery materials by BCBSA. 
 ii. Requests for Admissions Requests for Admissions may be served up to twenty-one (21) days prior to the discovery cut-off set by the Presiding Arbitrator. A party served with Requests For Admissions must respond within twenty (20) days of receipt of said request. The good faith use of and response to Requests for Admissions is encouraged, and the Panel shall have full discretion, with reference to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, in awarding appropriate sanctions with respect to abuse of the procedure. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 11 of 23 
 iii. Depositions As a general rule, the parties will not be permitted to take party or non-party deposition testimony for discovery purposes. The Presiding Arbitrator, in his or her sole discretion, shall have the authority to permit a party to take such deposition testimony upon a showing of exceptional good cause. The parties will be permitted to take de bene esse deposition 1 testimony to the fullest extent permitted by law of any witness who cannot be compelled to testify at the Arbitration Hearing. No deposition, for discovery purposes or otherwise, shall exceed three (3) hours, excluding objections and colloquy of counsel. Depositions may be recorded in any manner recognized by the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the parties shall specify in each notice of deposition or request for permission to take deposition testimony the manner in which such deposition shall be recorded. 
 iv. Expert witness(es) If a party intends to present the testimony of an expert witness during the oral hearing, it shall provide all other parties with a written statement setting forth the information required to be provided by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2)(B) ten (10) days prior to the discovery cut-off set by the Presiding Arbitrator. If a party intends to present the testimony of a rebuttal expert witness during the Arbitration Hearing, it shall provide all other parties with a written statement setting forth the information required to be provided by Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2)(B) within twenty (20) days after the date on which the written statement of the expert witness whose testimony is to be rebutted was produced. 
 v. Discovery cut-off The Presiding Arbitrator shall determine the date on which the discovery period will end, but the discovery period shall not exceed thirty (30) days from the date of the Administrative Conference without the agreement of all parties. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

1 As used in these Rules, de bene esse deposition means a deposition that is not taken for discovery purposes, but is taken for the purpose of reading part or all of the deposition transcript into the record at the Arbitration Hearing, to the extent permitted by the Panel, because the witness cannot be compelled to testify at the Arbitration Hearing or has exercised a right provided under these Rules to provide deposition testimony in lieu of testimony at the Arbitration Hearing. 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 12 of 23 
 vi. Additional discovery Any additional discovery will be at the discretion of the Presiding Arbitrator. 
 vii. Discovery Disputes Any discovery disputes shall be raised by motion to the Presiding Arbitrator, who is authorized to resolve all such disputes, and whose resolution will be binding on the parties unless modified by the Arbitration Panel. Prior to raising any discovery dispute with the Presiding Arbitrator, the parties shall meet and confer, telephonically or in person, in an attempt to resolve or narrow the dispute. If a party refuses to comply with a decision resolving a discovery dispute, the Panel, in keeping with Fed. R. Civ. P. 37, may refuse to allow that party to support or oppose designated claims or defenses, prohibit that party from introducing designated matters into evidence or, in extreme cases, decide an issue submitted for resolution adversely to that party. 
 viii. Extensions The time for responding to discovery requests may be extended by the Presiding Arbitrator for good and sufficient cause shown. Any request for such an extension shall be made in writing. 
 I. Panel Suggested Settlement Mediation 
 At any point during the proceedings, the Panel at the request of any party or on its own initiative, may suggest that the parties explore settlement and that they do so at or before the conclusion of the Arbitration Hearing, and the Panel shall give such assistance in settlement negotiations as the parties may request and the Panel may deem appropriate. Alternatively, the Panel may direct the parties to endeavor to mediate their disputes as provided above, or to explore a mini-trial proceeding, or to have an independent party render a neutral evaluation of the parties respective positions. The Panel shall enter such sanctions as it deems appropriate with respect to any party failing to pursue in good faith such Mediation or other alternate dispute resolution methods. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 13 of 23 
 J. Subpoenas on Third Parties 
 Pursuant to, and consistent with, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 9 et seq ., and subject to Paragraph 3.G(iii) above, a party may request the issuance of a subpoena on any third party, including but not limited to any third party Blue Plan or any officer, employee or director of a third party Blue Plan, to compel deposition testimony or the production of documents, and, if good and sufficient cause is shown, the Panel shall issue such a subpoena. 
 K. Arbitration Hearing 
 An Arbitration Hearing will be held within thirty (30) days after the Administrative Conference if no discovery is taken, or within thirty (30) days after the close of discovery, unless all parties and the Panel agree to extend the Arbitration Hearing date, or unless the parties agree in writing to waive the Arbitration Hearing. The parties may mutually agree on the location of the Arbitration Hearing. If the parties fail to agree, the Arbitration Hearing shall be held in Chicago, Illinois, or at such other location determined by the Presiding Arbitrator to be most convenient to the participants. The Panel will determine the date(s) and time(s) of the Arbitration Hearing(s) after consultation with all parties and shall provide reasonable notice thereof to all parties or their representatives. 
 L. Arbitration Hearing Memoranda 
 Twenty (20) days prior to the Arbitration Hearing, each party shall submit to the other party (or parties) and to the Panel an Arbitration Hearing Memorandum which sets forth the applicable law and any argument as to any relevant issue. The Arbitration Hearing Memorandum will supplement, and not repeat, the allegations, information and documents contained in or with the Complaint, Answer, Counterclaim and Reply, if any. Ten (10) days prior to the Arbitration Hearing, each party shall submit to each other party a list of all expert and fact witnesses (but not including rebuttal fact witness) that such party intends to have testify at the Arbitration Hearing and a brief summary of the testimony each such witness is expected to give. In addition, no later than five (5) days prior to the Arbitration, each party may submit to each other party and to the Panel a Response Arbitration Hearing Memorandum which sets forth any response to another party's Arbitration Hearing Memorandum. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 14 of 23 
 M. Notice For Testimony 
 Ten (10) days prior to the Arbitration Hearing, any party may serve a Notice on any other party (or parties) requesting the attendance at the Arbitration Hearing of any officer, employee or director of the other party (or parties) for the purpose of providing noncumulative testimony. If a party fails to produce one of its officers, employees or directors whose noncumulative testimony during the Arbitration Hearing is reasonably requested by an adverse party, the Panel may refuse to allow that party to support or oppose designated claims or defenses, prohibit that party from introducing designated matters into evidence or, in extreme cases, decide an issue submitted for mandatory dispute resolution adversely to that party provided, however, that a party may refuse to produce a director to testify if, within two (2) days of receiving a notice requesting the attendance of such director at the Arbitration Hearing, the party agrees to make the director available for a de bene esse deposition at a mutually convenient time at any location within fifty (50) miles of the director s primary residence chosen by the party requesting the director s testimony. This Rule may not be used for the purpose of burdening or harassing any party, and the Presiding Arbitrator may impose such orders as are appropriate so as to prevent or remedy any such burden or harassment. 
 Pursuant to, and consistent with, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 9 et seq. , twenty (20) days or more prior to the Arbitration Hearing, a party may request the issuance of a subpoena on any third party, including but not limited to any third party Blue Plan, BCBSA or any officer, employee or director of a third party Blue Plan or BCBSA for the purpose of providing noncumulative testimony at the Arbitration Hearing, and, if good and sufficient cause is shown, the Panel shall issue such a subpoena provided however, that a director of a third party Blue Plan or BCBSA may refuse to testify if, within two (2) days of receiving a subpoena requesting the attendance of such director at the Arbitration Hearing, the director agrees to make him herself available for a de bene esse deposition at a mutually convenient time at any location within fifty (50) miles of the director s primary residence chosen by the party requesting the director s testimony. Each Blue Plan agrees to waive, on its own behalf and on behalf of its directors and officers, any objection it otherwise might have to any such subpoena based on service, venue or extraterritoriality. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 15 of 23 
 N. Arbitration Hearing Procedures 
 i. Attendance at Arbitration Hearing Any person having a direct interest in the proceeding is entitled to attend the Arbitration Hearing. The Presiding Arbitrator shall otherwise have the power to require the exclusion of any witness, other than a party or other essential person, during the testimony of any other witness. It shall be discretionary with the Presiding Arbitrator to determine the propriety of the attendance of any other person. 
 ii. Confidentiality The Panel and all parties shall maintain the privacy of the Arbitration Proceeding. The parties and the Panel shall treat the Arbitration Hearing and any discovery or other proceedings or events related thereto, including any award resulting therefrom, as confidential except as otherwise necessary in connection with a judicial challenge to or enforcement of an award or unless otherwise required by law. 
 iii. Stenographic Record Any party, or if the parties do not object, the Panel, may request that a stenographic or other record be made of any Arbitration Hearing or portion thereof. The costs of the recording and or of preparing the transcript shall be borne by the requesting party and by any party who receives a copy thereof. If the Panel requests a recording and or a transcript, the costs thereof shall be borne equally by the parties. 
 iv. Oaths The Panel may require witnesses to testify under oath or affirmation administered by any duly qualified person and, if requested by any party, shall do so. 
 v. Order of Arbitration Hearing An Arbitration Hearing shall be opened by the recording of the date, time, and place of the Arbitration Hearing, and the presence of the Panel, the parties, and their representatives, if any. The Panel may, at the beginning of the Arbitration Hearing, ask for statements clarifying the issues involved. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 16 of 23 
 Unless otherwise agreed, the complaining party (or parties) shall then present evidence to support their claim(s). The respondent(s) shall then present evidence supporting their defenses and Counterclaims, if any. The complaining party (or parties) shall then present evidence supporting defenses to the Counterclaims, if any, and rebuttal. 
 Witnesses for each party shall submit to questions by adverse parties and or the Panel. 
 The Panel has the discretion to vary these procedures, but shall afford a full and equal opportunity to all parties for the presentation of any material and relevant evidence. 
 vi. Evidence The parties may offer such evidence as is relevant and material to the dispute and shall produce such evidence as the Panel may deem necessary to an understanding and resolution of the dispute. Unless good cause is shown, as determined by the Panel or agreed to by all other parties, no party shall be permitted to offer evidence at the Arbitration Hearing which was not disclosed prior to the Arbitration Hearing by that party. The Panel may receive and consider the evidence of witnesses by affidavit upon such terms as the Panel deems appropriate. 
 The Panel shall be the judge of the relevance and materiality of the evidence offered, and conformity to legal rules of evidence, other than enforcement of the attorney-client privilege and the work product protection, shall not be necessary. The Federal Rules of Evidence shall be considered by the Panel in conducting the Arbitration Hearing but those rules shall not be controlling. All evidence shall be taken in the presence of the Panel and all of the parties, except where any party is in default or has waived the right to be present. 
 Settlement offers by any party in connection with Mediation or MDR proceedings, decisions or recommendations of the selected mediators, and a party's position papers or statements furnished to the selected mediators shall not be admissible evidence or considered by the Panel without the consent of all parties. 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 17 of 23 
 vii. Closing of Arbitration Hearing The Presiding Arbitrator shall specifically inquire of all parties whether they have any further proofs to offer or witnesses to be heard. Upon receiving negative replies or if he or she is satisfied that the record is complete, the Presiding Arbitrator shall declare the Arbitration Hearing closed with an appropriate notation made on the record. Subject to being reopened as provided below, the time within which the Panel is required to make the award shall commence to run, in the absence of contrary agreement by the parties, upon the closing of the Arbitration Hearing. 
 With respect to complex disputes, the Panel may, in its sole discretion, defer the closing of the Arbitration Hearing for a period of up to thirty (30) days after the presentation of proofs in order to permit the parties to submit post-hearing briefs and argument, as the Panel deems appropriate, prior to making an award. 
 For good cause, the Arbitration Hearing may be reopened for up to thirty (30) days on the Panel's initiative, or upon application of a party, at any time before the award is made 
 O. Awards 
 An Award must be in writing and shall be made promptly by the Panel and, unless otherwise agreed by the parties or specified by law, no later than thirty (30) days from the date of closing the Arbitration Hearing. If all parties so request, the Award shall contain findings of fact and conclusions of law. The Award, and all other rulings and determinations by the Panel, may be by a majority vote. 
 Parties shall accept as legal delivery of the Award the placing of the Award or a true copy thereof in the mail addressed to a party or its representative at its last known address or personal service of the Award on a party or its representative. 
 Awards are binding only on the parties to the Arbitration and are not binding on any non-parties to the Arbitration and may not be used or cited as precedent in any other proceeding. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 18 of 23 
 After the expiration of twenty (20) days from initial delivery, the Award (with corrections, if any) shall be final and binding on the parties, and the parties shall undertake to carry out the Award without delay. 
 Proceedings to confirm, modify or vacate an Award shall be conducted in conformity with and controlled by the Federal Arbitration Act. 9 U.S.C. 1, et seq . 
 P. Return of Documents 
 Within sixty (60) days after the Award and the conclusion of any judicial proceedings with respect thereto, each party and the Panel shall return any documents produced by any other party, including all copies thereof. If a party receives a discovery request in any other proceeding which would require it to produce any documents produced to it by any other party in a proceeding hereunder, it shall not produce such documents without first notifying the producing party and giving said party reasonable time to respond, if appropriate, to the discovery request. 
 4. Miscellaneous 
 A. Expedited Procedures 
 Any party to a Mediation may direct a request for an expedited Mediation Hearing to the Chairman of the Mediation Committee, to the selected Mediators, and to all other parties at any time. The Chairman of the Mediation Committee, or at his or her direction, the then selected Mediators, shall grant any request which is supported by good and sufficient reasons. If such a request is granted, the Mediation shall be completed within as short a period as practicable, as determined by the Chairman of the Mediation Committee or, at his or her direction, the then selected Mediators. 
 Any party to an Arbitration may direct a request for expedited proceedings to the Administrator, to the Panel, and to all other parties at any time. The Administrator, or the Presiding Arbitrator if the Panel has been selected, shall grant any such request which is supported by good and sufficient reasons. If such a request is granted, the Arbitration shall be completed within as short a time as practicable, as determined by the Administrator and or the Presiding Arbitrator. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 19 of 23 
 B. Temporary or Preliminary Injunctive Relief 
 Any party may seek temporary or preliminary injunctive relief with the filing of a Complaint or at any time thereafter. If such relief is sought prior to the time that an Arbitration Panel has been selected, then the Administrator shall select a single Arbitrator who is a lawyer who has no interest in the subject matter of the dispute, and no connection to any of the parties, to hear and determine the request for temporary or preliminary injunction. If such relief is sought after the time that an Arbitration Panel has been selected, then the Arbitration Panel will hear and determine the request. The request for temporary or preliminary injunctive relief will be determined with reference to the temporary or preliminary injunction standards set forth in Fed. R. Civ. P. 65. 
 C. Defaults and Proceedings in the Absence of a Party 
 Whenever a party fails to comply with the MDR Rules in a manner deemed material by the Panel, the Panel shall fix a reasonable time for compliance and, if the party does not comply within said period, the Panel may enter an Order of default or afford such other relief as it deems appropriate. Arbitration may proceed in the event of a default or in the absence of any party who, after due notice, fails to be present or fails to obtain an extension. An Award shall not be made solely on the default or absence of a party, but the Panel shall require the party who is present to submit such evidence as the Panel may require for the making of findings, determinations, conclusions, and Awards. 
 D. Notice 
 Each party shall be deemed to have consented that any papers, notices, or process necessary or proper for the initiation or continuation of a proceeding under these rules or for any court action in connection therewith may be served on a party by mail addressed to the party or its representative at its last known address or by personal service, in or outside the state where the MDR proceeding is to be held. 
 The Corporate Secretary and the parties may also use facsimile transmission, telex, telegram, or other written forms of electronic communication to give the notices required by these rules. 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 20 of 23 
 E. Expenses 
 The expenses of witnesses shall be paid by the party causing or requesting the appearance of such witnesses. All expenses of the MDR proceeding, including compensation, required travel and other reasonable expenses of the Panel, and the cost of any proof produced at the direct request of the Panel, shall be borne equally by the parties and shall be paid periodically on a timely basis, unless they agree otherwise or unless the Panel in the Award assesses such expenses, or any part thereof against any party (or parties). In exceptional cases, the Panel may award reasonable attorneys' fees as an item of expense, and the Panel shall promptly determine the amount of such fees based on affidavits or such other proofs as the Panel deems sufficient. 
 F. Disqualification or Disability of A Panel Member 
 In the event that any Arbitrator of a Panel with more than one Arbitrator should become disqualified, resign, die, or refuse or be unable to perform or discharge his or her duties after the commencement of MDR but prior to the rendition of an Award, and the parties are unable to agree upon a replacement, the remaining Panel member(s) 
 i. shall designate a replacement, subject to the right of any party to challenge such replacement for cause. 
 ii. shall decide the extent to which previously held hearings shall be repeated. 
 If the remaining Panel members consider the proceedings to have progressed to a stage as to make replacement impracticable, the parties may agree, as an alternative to the recommencement of the Mandatory Dispute Resolution process, to resolution of the dispute by the remaining Panel members. 
 In the event that a single Arbitrator should become disqualified, resign, die, or refuse or be unable to perform or discharge his or her duties after the commencement of MDR but prior to the rendition of an Award, and the parties are unable to agree upon a replacement, the Administrator shall appoint a successor, subject to the right of any party to challenge such successor for cause, and the successor shall decide the extent to which previously held proceedings shall be repeated. 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 21 of 23 
 G. Extensions of Time 
 Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 3.H.(viii), any time limit set forth in these Rules may be extended upon agreement of the parties and approval of (1) the Mediator if the proceeding is then in Mediation (2) the Administrator if the proceeding is in Arbitration, but no Arbitration Panel has been selected or (3) the Arbitration Panel, if the proceeding is in Arbitration and the Arbitration Panel has been selected. 
 H. Intervention 
 The Plans, their Controlled Affiliates, and BCBSA, to the extent subject to MMDR pursuant to their License Agreements, shall have the right to move to intervene in any pending Arbitration. A written motion for intervention shall be made to (1) the Administrator, if the proceeding is in Arbitration, but no Arbitration Panel has been selected or (2) the Arbitration Panel, if the proceeding is in Arbitration and the Arbitration Panel has been selected. The written motion for intervention shall be delivered to the BCBSA Corporate Secretary (which shall also constitute service on the BCBSA if it is a respondent) and to any Plan(s) and or Controlled Affiliate(s) which are parties to the proceeding. Any party to the proceeding can submit written objections to the motion to intervene. The motion for intervention shall be granted upon good cause shown. Intervention also may be allowed by stipulation of the parties to the Arbitration proceeding. Intervention shall be allowed upon such terms as the Arbitration Panel decides. 
 I. BCBSA Assistance In Resolution of Disputes 
 The resources and personnel of the BCBSA may be requested by any member Plan at any time to try to resolve disputes with another Plan. 
 J. Neutral Evaluation 
 The parties can voluntarily agree at any time to have an independent party render a neutral evaluation of the parties respective positions. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 22 of 23 
 K. Recovery of Attorney Fees and Expenses 
 i. Motions to Compel 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Rules, any Party subject to the License Agreements (for purposes of this Section K and all of its sub-sections only hereinafter referred to collectively and individually as a Party that initiates a court action or administrative proceeding solely to compel adherence to these Rules shall not be determined to have violated these Rules by initiating such action or proceeding. 
 ii Recovery of Fees, Expenses and Costs 
 The Arbitration Panel may, in its sole discretion, award a Party its reasonable attorneys fees, expenses and costs associated with a filing to compel adherence to these Rules and or reasonable attorneys fees, expenses and costs incurred in responding to an action filed in violation of these Rules provided, however, that neither fees, expenses, nor costs shall be awarded by the Arbitration Panel if the Party from which the award is sought can demonstrate to the Arbitration panel, in its sole discretion, that it did not violate these Rules or that it had reasonable grounds for believing that its action did not violate these Rules. 
 iii Requests for Reimbursement 
 For purposes of this Section K, any Party may request reimbursement of fees, expenses and or costs by submitting said request in writing to the Arbitration Panel at any time before an award is delivered pursuant to Paragraph 3.O above, with a copy to the Party from which reimbursement is sought, explaining why it is entitled to such reimbursement. The Party from which reimbursement is sought shall have twenty (20) days to submit a response to such request to the Arbitration Panel with a copy to the Party seeking reimbursement. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

Exhibit 10.12 

 EXHIBIT 5 
 Page 23 of 23 
 L. Calculation of Time and Deadlines 
 In computing any period of time prescribed or allowed under these rules, the day of the act or event from which the designated period of time begins to run shall not be included. The last day of the period so computed shall be included, unless it is a Saturday, a Sunday, or a legal holiday, in which event the period runs until the end of the next day which is not one of the aforementioned days. When the period of time prescribed is less than six (6) days, intermediate Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays shall be excluded in the computation. As used in this rule, legal holiday includes New Year s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, Washington s Birthday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day and any other day appointed as a holiday by the President or the Congress of the United States. 

Amended as of September 20, 2007 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21>
 6
 exhibit21-20221231forform1.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 Legal Name Domestic Jurisdiction Doing Business As Advantage Medical Group, LLC Puerto Rico Alianza Medicos del SurEste, LLC Puerto Rico Alliance Care Management, LLC Delaware American Imaging Management, Inc. Illinois AIM Specialty Health AMERIGROUP Community Care of New Mexico, Inc. New Mexico AMERIGROUP Corporation Delaware AMERIGROUP CORPORATION AGP Corporation AMGP AMGP Corporation AMGP Missouri Amerigroup Delaware, Inc. Delaware Amerigroup District of Columbia, Inc. District of Columbia Amerigroup Insurance Company Texas Amerigroup Iowa, Inc. Iowa Amerigroup IPA of New York, LLC New York Amerigroup Mississippi, Inc. Mississippi AMERIGROUP New Jersey, Inc. New Jersey AMERIGROUP Community Care AMERIGROUP Ohio, Inc. Ohio AMERIGROUP Community Care Amerigroup Partnership Plan, LLC Illinois Amerigroup Pennsylvania, Inc. Pennsylvania AMERIGROUP Tennessee, Inc. Tennessee AMERIGROUP Community Care AMERIGROUP Texas, Inc. Texas AMERIGROUP Community Care AMERIGROUP Washington, Inc. Washington AMGP Georgia Managed Care Company, Inc. Georgia AMERIGROUP AMERIGROUP Community Care AMERIGROUP Georgia AMGP Georgia AMH Health, LLC Maine AMH Health Plans of Maine, Inc. Maine Anthem Blue Cross Life and Health Insurance Company California Anthem Financial, Inc. Delaware Anthem Health Plans of Kentucky, Inc. Kentucky Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Anthem Health Plans of Maine, Inc. Maine Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Associated Hospital Service Anthem Health Plans of New Hampshire, Inc. New Hampshire Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Anthem Health Plans of Virginia, Inc. Virginia Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Anthem Health Plans, Inc. Connecticut Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Anthem Holding Corp. Indiana Anthem Properties, Inc. Anthem Insurance Companies, Inc. Indiana Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Indiana Empire Blue Cross-Retiree Solutions Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield-Retiree Solutions Anthem BC Health Insurance Company Anthem Kentucky Managed Care Plan, Inc. Kentucky Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Medicaid Anthem Life & Disability Insurance Company New York Anthem Life Insurance Company Indiana Anthem Partnership Holding Company, LLC Indiana Anthem Southeast, Inc. Indiana Anthem Workers' Compensation, LLC Indiana Applied Pathways LLC Illinois APR, LLC Puerto Rico 

Exhibit 21 

Arcus Enterprises, Inc. Delaware Aspire Health, Inc. Delaware Carelon Palliative Care, Inc. Aspire CareMore Health, Inc. Associated Group, Inc. Indiana ATH Holding Company, LLC Indiana AUMSI UM Services, Inc. f k a Anthem UM Services, Inc. Indiana Beacon CBHM LLC Delaware Beacon Health Financing LLC Delaware Beacon Health Holdings LLC Delaware Beacon Health Options, Inc. Virginia Beacon Health Options Care Services, Inc. Delaware Beacon Health Options Holdco, Inc. Delaware Beacon Health Options of California, Inc. California Beacon Health Options of Ohio, Inc. Ohio Beacon Health Options of Pennsylvania, Inc. Pennsylvania Beacon Health Strategies LLC Massachusetts Beacon Health Vista Parent, Inc. Delaware Beacon Plan Funding, LLC Delaware Best Transportation of PR LLC Puerto Rico BHS IPA, LLC New York Blue Cross Blue Shield Healthcare Plan of Georgia, Inc. Georgia Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Blue Cross Blue Shield of Wisconsin Wisconsin Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Blue Cross of California California Anthem Blue Cross Blue Cross of California Partnership Plan, Inc. California Anthem Blue Cross Partnership Plan BVO Holdings, LLC Delaware Carelon Digital Platforms, Inc. fka CareMarket, Inc. Indiana Sydney Care Carelon Digital Platforms Israel Ltd fka Anthem Innovation Israel Ltd. Israel Carelon Employment Company, LLC fka Anthem Services Company, LLC Indiana Carelon Global Solutions India LLP fka Legato Health Technologies LLP India Carelon Global Solutions Ireland Limited fka Legato Health Technologies Ireland Limited Ireland Carelon Global Solutions Philippines, Inc. fka Legato Health Technologies Philppines, Inc. Philippines Carelon Global Solutions Puerto Rico, L.L.C. fka Legato Health Technologies Puerto Rico, LLC Puerto Rico Carelon Global Solutions U.S., Inc. fka Legato Health Technologies U.S., Inc. Indiana Carelon Global Solutions U.S. Carelon Holdings, Inc. fka DBG Holdings, Inc. Indiana Carelon Holdings I, Inc. fka Legato Holdings I, Inc. Indiana Carelon Holdings II, LLC fka Legato Holdings II, LLC Indiana Carelon Insights, Inc. fka Valus, Inc. Indiana Ingenio, Inc. IngenioRx Administrators CarelonRx, Inc. fka IngenioRx, Inc. Indiana CarelonRx Pharmacy, Inc. fka ZipDrug, Inc. Delaware CareMore Health IPA of New York, Inc. New York CareMore Health of Arizona, Inc. Arizona CareMore Health Plan California CareMore Health Plan of Arizona, Inc. Arizona CareMore Health Plan of Nevada Nevada 

Exhibit 21 

CareMore Health Plan of Texas, Inc. Texas CareMore Health System California CareMore, LLC Indiana Caribbean Accountable Care, LLC Puerto Rico Castellana Physician Services, LLC Puerto Rico CCHA, LLC Colorado Colorado Community Health Alliance Centros de Medicina Primaria Advantage del Norte, LLC Puerto Rico Centro Medicina Familiar del Norte, LLC Puerto Rico Centros Medicos Unidos del Oeste, LLC Puerto Rico Cerulean Companies, Inc. Georgia CHCS IPA, Inc. New York Claim Management Services, Inc. Wisconsin Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Clinica Todo Salud - Aibonito, LLC Puerto Rico Clinica Todo Salud, LLC Puerto Rico Clinical Staff Solutions, LLC Puerto Rico Community Care Health Plan of Kansas, Inc. Kansas Healthy Blue Community Care Health Plan of Louisiana, Inc. Louisiana Healthy Blue Community Care Health Plan of Nebraska, Inc. Nebraska WellCare of Nebraska Healthy Blue Community Care Health Plan of Nevada, Inc. Nevada Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Healthcare Solutions AMERIGROUP Community Care Community Insurance Company Ohio Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Compcare Health Services Insurance Corporation Wisconsin Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Consorcio MultiSalud del Norte, Inc. Puerto Rico Consorcio MultiSalud del Oeste, Inc. Puerto Rico Crossroads Acquisition Corp. Delaware DeCare Analytics, LLC Minnesota DeCare Dental Health International, LLC Minnesota DeCare Dental Insurance Ireland, Ltd. Ireland DeCare Dental Networks, LLC Minnesota DeCare Dental, LLC Minnesota DeCare Operations Ireland, Limited Ireland Delivery Network, LLC Florida Dental Services Organization, LLC Puerto Rico Designated Agent Company, Inc. Kentucky EasyScripts, LLC Florida EasyScripts Cutler Bay, LLC, EasyScripts Hialeah, LLC, EasyScripts Westchester, LLC EasyScripts Cutler Bay, LLC Florida EasyScripts, LLC EasyScripts Hialeah, LLC Florida EasyScripts, LLC EasyScripts Westchester, LLC Florida EasyScripts, LLC EHC Benefits Agency, Inc. New York Empire HealthChoice Assurance, Inc. New York Empire Blue Cross Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield Empire HealthChoice HMO, Inc. New York Empire Blue Cross HMO Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield HMO Federal Government Solutions, LLC Wisconsin FHC Health Systems, Inc. Virginia Freedom Health, Inc. Florida Freedom SPV, Inc. Delaware 

Exhibit 21 

Golden West Health Plan, Inc. California GR Health Solutions, LLC Pennsylvania Greater Georgia Life Insurance Company Georgia Anthem Life Group Retiree Health Solutions, Inc. Pennsylvania Grupo Advantage del Oeste, LLC Puerto Rico Grupo Advantage Metro, LLC Puerto Rico Health Core, Inc. Delaware Health Management Corporation Virginia Health Ventures Partner, L.L.C. Illinois HealthKeepers, Inc. Virginia HealthLink HMO, Inc. Missouri HealthLink HMO HealthLink, Inc. Illinois HealthPlus HP, LLC New York Empire BlueCross BlueShield HealthPlus Empire BlueCross HealthPlus HealthSun Health Plans, Inc. Florida HealthSun Physicians Network, LLC Florida HealthSun Physicians Network I, LLC Florida Healthy Alliance Life Insurance Company Missouri Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield HEP AP Holdings, Inc. Delaware Highland Acquisition Holdings, LLC Delaware Highland Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delaware Highland Investor Holdings, LLC Delaware HMO Colorado, Inc. Colorado HMO Colorado HMO Nevada HMO Missouri, Inc. Missouri Amerigroup Missouri Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield IEC Group Holdings, Inc. Idaho IEC Group, Inc. Idaho AmeriBen Imaging Management Holdings, LLC Delaware InHealth Management, LLC Puerto Rico IPA Holdings, LLC Puerto Rico Living Complete Technologies, Inc. Maryland TAI Software, Inc. MAPR Capital, LLC Puerto Rico MAPR Global, LLC Puerto Rico MAPR Holdings, LLC Puerto Rico Massachusetts Behavioral Health Partnership Massachusetts Matthew Thornton Health Plan, Inc. New Hampshire Medical Dental Network Management, LLC Puerto Rico Meridian Resource Company, LLC Wisconsin Missouri Care, Incorporated Missouri Healthy Blue Missouri Care Missouri Care Health Plan MMM Contact, LLC Puerto Rico MMM Healthcare, LLC Puerto Rico MMM Holdings, LLC Puerto Rico MMM Multi Health, LLC Puerto Rico MMM Transportation, LLC Puerto Rico Momentum Health Partners, LLC North Carolina MSO Holdings, LLC Puerto Rico MSO of Puerto Rico, LLC Puerto Rico myNEXUS Holdings, Inc. Delaware MyNexus, Inc. Delaware 

Exhibit 21 

myNEXUS Management, Inc. Delaware myNEXUS NPHO of TEXAS Texas myNEXUS NY IPA, LLC New York Nash Holding Company, LLC Delaware National Government Services, Inc. Indiana NGS of Indiana New England Research Institutes, Inc. Massachusetts Summit Community Care NGS Federal, LLC Indiana Optimum Healthcare, Inc. Florida OPTIONS Health Care, Inc. Delaware Pasteur Medical Bird Road, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Delaware Pasteur Medical Cutler Bay, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Pasteur Medical Group, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Pasteur Medical Hialeah Gardens, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Pasteur Medical Kendall, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Pasteur Medical Management, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Bird Road, LLC Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Pasteur Medical Cutler Bay, LLC Pasteur Medical Group, LLC Pasteur Medical Hialeah Gardens, LLC Pasteur Medical Kendall, LLC Pasteur Medical Miami Gardens, LLC Pasteur Medical North Miami Beach, LLC Pasteur Medical Partners, LLC Pasteur Medical Miami Gardens, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Pasteur Medical North Miami Beach, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Center, LLC Pasteur Medical Partners, LLC Florida Pasteur Medical Center, LLC PHM Healthcare Solutions, Inc. Puerto Rico PHM IntraHospital Physician Group, LLC Puerto Rico PHM MultiDisciplinary Clinic Aguadilla LLC Puerto Rico PHM MultiDisciplinary Clinic Arecibo LLC Puerto Rico PHM MultiDisciplinary Clinic Cabo Rojo LLC Puerto Rico PHM MultiDisciplinary Clinic Guayama LLC Puerto Rico PHM MultiDisciplinary Clinic Maunabo LLC Puerto Rico PHM MultiDisciplinary Clinic, LLC Puerto Rico PHM MultiSalud, LLC Puerto Rico PHM Specialty Network, LLC Puerto Rico Physician Group Practices, LLC Puerto Rico PMC Medicare Choice, LLC Puerto Rico RightCHOICE Managed Care, Inc. Delaware RightCHOICE Benefit Administrators Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Rocky Mountain Hospital and Medical Service, Inc. Colorado Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield SellCore, Inc. Delaware SellCore Insurance Services, Inc. Simply Healthcare Plans, Inc. Florida Clear Health Alliance Better Health Amerigroup Florida Southeast Services, Inc. Virginia State Sponsored Services, Inc. Indiana Amerigroup GBD Disease Management Program Anthem GBD Disease Management Program Amerigroup GBD Behavioral Health Anthem GBD Behavioral Health The Elevance Health Companies of California, Inc. fka The Anthem Companies of California, Inc. California 

Exhibit 21 

The Elevance Health Companies, Inc. fka The Anthem Companies, Inc. Indiana Anthem Health Plans Anthem Benefit Services Anthem Health Systems The Anthem Companies Indiana TrustSolutions, LLC Wisconsin UNICARE Health Plan of West Virginia, Inc. West Virginia UNICARE Illinois Services, Inc. Illinois UniCare Life & Health Insurance Company Indiana UNICARE Adjuster UNICARE National Services, Inc. Delaware UniCare Specialty Services, Inc. Delaware ValueOptions Federal Services, Inc. Virginia ValueOptions of New Jersey, Inc. New Jersey ValueOptions of Texas, Inc. Texas VITA Care, LLC Puerto Rico Wellmax Health Medical Centers, LLC Florida Wellmax Medical Center Wellmax Health Physicians Network, LLC Florida WellPoint Acquisition, LLC Indiana WellPoint California Services, Inc. Delaware WellPoint Dental Services, Inc. Delaware Wellpoint Federal Corporation fka WellPoint Military Care Corporation Indiana WellPoint Health Solutions, Inc. Indiana WellPoint Holding Corp. Delaware Wellpoint Maryland, Inc. fka AMERIGROUP Maryland, Inc. Maryland WellPoint Information Technology Services, Inc. California WellPoint Insurance Services, Inc. Hawaii Wisconsin Collaborative Insurance Company Wisconsin 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 exhibit23-20221231forform1.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 Form S-8 No. 333-84906 and Form S-8 No. 333-129334 pertaining to the Elevance Health 401(k) Plan 
 Form S-8 No. 333-156099 pertaining to the Elevance Health Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Form S-8 No. 333-159830 pertaining to the Elevance Health Incentive Compensation Plan 
 Form S-8 No. 333-218190 pertaining to the 2017 Elevance Health Incentive Compensation Plan and 
 Form S-3 No. 333-249877 pertaining to the Elevance Health, Inc. registration of senior debt securities, subordinated debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, depositary shares, warrants, rights, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units 
 
 of our reports dated February 15, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(c) of Elevance Health, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Elevance Health, Inc., included in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 S Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 February 15, 2023 
 
 1 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311-20221231for10xk.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT RULES, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Gail K. Boudreaux, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Elevance Health, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 s GAIL K. BOUDREAUX President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312-20221231for10xk.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT RULES, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John E. Gallina, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Elevance Health, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 15, 2023 s JOHN E. GALLINA Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit321-20221231for10xk.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Elevance Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gail K. Boudreaux, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s GAIL K. BOUDREAUX Gail K. Boudreaux President and Chief Executive Officer February 15, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 exhibit322-20221231for10xk.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Elevance Health, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John E. Gallina, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s JOHN E. GALLINA John E. Gallina Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 15, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 elv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 elv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 elv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 elv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 elv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

