<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1773427_0001773427-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16546774</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>716994</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9184103</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2733346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2014499</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1759723</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001773427-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228063919
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001773427-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001773427
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39044
		FILM NUMBER:		23678277

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-883-9490

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001773427-23-000010.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 swtx-20221231.htm
 10-K

swtx-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name Of Each Exchange 
 On Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically; every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing price on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock as of February 22, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

 SpringWorks Therapeutics 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 99 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 99 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 99 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 99 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 100 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 101 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 101 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 114 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 115 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 141 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 141 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 144 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 144 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 145 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 145 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 145 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 145 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 145 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 146 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 146 

1 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We make such forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements. In some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as may , will , should , expects , intends , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential , continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the success, cost and timing of our product development activities and clinical trials, including the timing of our ongoing Phase 2b clinical trial of mirdametinib and the initiation and completion of any other clinical trials and related preparatory work, the expected timing of the availability of results of our clinical trials and the registrational nature of the Phase 3 clinical trial of nirogacestat and the potentially registrational nature of the Phase 2b clinical trial of mirdametinib; 
 the fact that topline or interim data from our clinical studies may not be predictive of the final or more detailed results of such study or the results of other ongoing or future studies; 
 the potential attributes and benefits of our product candidates; 
 our plans to commercialize any of our product candidates that achieve approval either alone or in partnership with others; 
 our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to complete further development of our product candidates, and if approved, commercialization; 
 the period over which we anticipate our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements; 
 the potential for our business development efforts to maximize the potential value of our portfolio; 
 our ability to identify, in-license or acquire additional product candidates; 
 the ability and willingness of our third-party collaborators to continue research and development activities relating to our product candidates, including those that are being developed as combination therapies; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations or warnings in the label of an approved product candidate; 
 the timing of our planned regulatory submissions and interactions, including the New Drug Application, or NDA, for mirdametinib planned for submission in the first half of 2024, the timing and outcome of decisions made by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, including the decision on the NDA filing for nirogacestat accepted in February 2023 by the FDA and granted priority review with an assigned Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, target action date of August 27, 2023, as well as those by other regulatory authorities, investigational review boards at clinical trial sites and publication review bodies; 
 the potential benefit of Orphan Drug Designation, Fast Track Designation and Breakthrough Therapy Designation for nirogacestat, mirdametinib and any other of our product candidates that may receive one or more of these designations; 
 our ability to compete with companies currently marketing or engaged in the development of treatments for desmoid tumors, NF1-PN and other oncology and rare disease indications; 
 our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection or market exclusivity for our product candidates and the duration of such protection; 
 our ability and the potential to successfully manufacture our product candidates for preclinical studies, clinical trials and, if approved, for commercial use, the capacity of our current contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, to support clinical supply and commercial-scale production for product candidates and our potential election to pursue additional CMOs for manufacturing supplies of drug substance and finished drug product in the future; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets, either alone or in partnership with others; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved; 
 regulatory developments in the United States, or U.S., and foreign countries; 
 our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately; 
 the success of competing products that are, or may become, available; 
 risks associated with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which may adversely impact our business, operations, preclinical studies, clinical trials, supply chain, strategy, goals and anticipated timelines; 
 our ability to attract and retain key scientific, medical, commercial and management personnel; 
 our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 our financial performance; and 
 developments and projections relating to our competitors or our industry. 
 Any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect our current views with respect to future events and future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those described under Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 We may from time to time provide estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, the general business environment, and the markets for certain diseases, including estimates regarding the potential size of those markets and the estimated incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties, and actual events, circumstances or numbers, including actual disease prevalence rates and market size, may differ materially from the information provided. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry information, business information, market data, prevalence information and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data, and similar sources, in each case, from sources we consider to be reliable, and in some cases applying our own assumptions and analysis that may, in the future, prove not to have been accurate. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company applying a precision medicine approach to acquiring, developing and commercializing life-changing medicines for underserved patient populations suffering from devastating rare diseases and cancer. We have a differentiated portfolio of small molecule targeted oncology product candidates and are advancing two late-stage clinical trials, one registrational and one potentially registrational, in rare tumor types, as well as several other programs addressing highly prevalent, genetically defined cancers. Our strategic approach and operational excellence across research, translational science, and clinical development have enabled us to rapidly advance our two lead product candidates into late-stage clinical trials, enabling a New Drug Application, or NDA, for one such candidate which was accepted in February 2023, while simultaneously entering into multiple shared-value partnerships with industry leaders to expand our portfolio. From this foundation, we are continuing to build a differentiated, fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company intensely focused on understanding patients and their diseases in order to develop and deliver transformative targeted medicines. 
 
 Our most advanced product candidate, nirogacestat, is an investigational oral, small molecule gamma secretase inhibitor, or GSI, in development as a monotherapy for the treatment of desmoid tumors, a rare and often debilitating and disfiguring soft tissue tumor for which there are currently no therapies approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. In December 2022, we submitted an NDA to the FDA for nirogacestat for the treatment of adults with desmoid tumors. On February 27, 2023, we announced that the FDA accepted the NDA filing and granted priority review. The FDA has assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, target action date of August 27, 2023. In addition, the FDA has stated that it is not currently planning to hold an advisory committee meeting to discuss the application. The NDA submission is being reviewed under the FDA s Real-Time Oncology Review, or RTOR, program and is supported by positive data from the Phase 3 DeFi trial, a global, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in adult patients with desmoid tumors. In May 2022, we announced positive topline results from the DeFi trial, and we presented additional data from the DeFi trial at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress, or ESMO, in September 2022. The DeFi trial met its primary endpoint of improving progression-free survival, or PFS, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement for nirogacestat over placebo, with a 71 reduction in the risk of disease progression (hazard ratio (HR) = 0.29 (95 CI: 0.15, 0.55); p 
 We are actively engaged in commercial preparations to support the potential U.S. launch of nirogacestat, if approved, for the treatment of adults with desmoid tumors. We also expect to file a Marketing Authorization Application, or MAA, with the European Medicines Agency in the European Union in 2024. 
 
 We are also evaluating nirogacestat for the treatment of ovarian granulosa cell tumors, or GCT, a subtype of ovarian cancer. In September 2022, we announced that the first patient had been dosed in an ongoing Phase 2 trial evaluating nirogacestat as a monotherapy in patients with recurrent ovarian GCT. 
 
 Our second product candidate is mirdametinib, an investigational oral, small molecule MEK inhibitor currently in development for the treatment of neurofibromatosis type 1-associated plexiform neurofibromas, or NF1-PN, a rare tumor of the peripheral nerve sheath that causes significant pain and disfigurement. We believe that mirdametinib has the potential to offer a best-in-class profile in order to enable the long-term treatment required for this patient population, as compared to other MEK inhibitors. The FDA has granted mirdametinib both Orphan Drug Designation and Fast Track Designation for NF1-PN, and the European Commission has granted mirdametinib Orphan Drug Designation for NF1. In November 2021, we announced full enrollment of the ReNeu trial, a potentially registrational Phase 2b clinical trial of mirdametinib for pediatric and adult patients with NF1-PN, and we expect to report topline data for the ReNeu trial in the second half of 2023. 
 
 In hematologic malignancies, we are evaluating novel combination regimens of nirogacestat alongside B-cell maturation antigen, or BCMA, directed therapies for the treatment of multiple myeloma. We have entered into several clinical collaboration agreements with industry partners to evaluate nirogacestat in combination with several different BCMA-directed therapies. In addition to our industry collaborations, we are working with the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Dana-Farber Cancer Institute to further explore nirogacestat s ability to potentiate BCMA-directed therapies as part of sponsored research agreements. 
 
 In genetically defined metastatic solid tumors, our current clinical-stage efforts center on the mitogen activated protein kinase, or MAPK, pathway. We are evaluating mirdametinib for the treatment of solid tumors harboring MAPK aberrations in both monotherapy and combination approaches. In collaboration with BeiGene, Ltd., or BeiGene, we are exploring the combination of mirdametinib with BeiGene s lifirafenib in RAS mutated and other MAPK aberrant cancers. In addition, we are exploring the use of BGB-3245 in a distinct set of genetically defined BRAF mutated tumors via MapKure, LLC, or MapKure, an entity jointly owned by us and BeiGene. In June 2022, we presented initial clinical data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 trial evaluating mirdametinib in combination with lifirafenib in patients with advanced solid tumors with MAPK-activating mutations and the ongoing Phase 1 trial evaluating BGB-3245 in patients with advanced solid tumors with BRAF or RAS mutations, providing evidence of a manageable safety profile and clinical activity in a variety of solid tumor types with MAPK-activating mutations for each program. We expect to present additional data for mirdametinib in combination with lifirafenib from the ongoing Phase 1/2 trial and additional BGB-3245 monotherapy data from the ongoing Phase 1 trial at a medical conference in the first half of 2023. In February 2023, the first patient was dosed in a Phase 1/2a open-label, dose escalation and expansion trial evaluating mirdametinib in combination with BGB-3245 in patients with advanced solid tumors harboring MAPK mutations. In academic-sponsored studies supported by SpringWorks, mirdametinib is being evaluated for the treatment of low-grade gliomas in children and young adults and other advanced solid tumors harboring various MAPK-activating mutations. 
 
 Furthermore, we intend to continue to build our portfolio with assets that have strong biological rationales and validated mechanisms of action, such as the TEA Domain, or TEAD, inhibitor program that we in-licensed from Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, or KU Leuven and the Flanders Institute for Biotechnology, and the portfolio of epidermal growth factor receptor small molecule inhibitors that we in-licensed from Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we nominated a TEAD inhibitor development candidate, SW-682, and we plan to file an Investigational New Drug Application for SW-682 in 2023. We continue to invest in our R D infrastructure to support both our drug discovery capabilities and our translational medicine activities for development programs. 
 
 We plan to continue using shared-value partnerships to maximize the potential of our therapies to serve patients. We have invested in building leading preclinical, clinical, medical and commercial capabilities and have focused on structuring innovative partnerships that seek to align incentives and optimize business outcomes for each party involved. We believe that this approach will continue to allow us to expand our collaborative relationships with innovators, maximize the potential of our existing and future portfolio, and support the building of a scalable and sustainable business focused on the efficient advancement and commercialization of product candidates that hold the potential to transform the lives of oncology patients. 
 Our strategy 
 Our goal is to continue building a differentiated, global biopharmaceutical company by acquiring, developing and commercializing transformative medicines for underserved patient populations. We aim to be an industry leader in rare diseases and targeted oncology. 
 The key elements of our strategy include: 
 Efficiently advance our lead product candidates, nirogacestat and mirdametinib, towards marketing approval in the rare oncology indications in which they are currently being developed. We believe that our leading drug development capabilities will enable us to continue efficiently advancing our product candidates towards marketing approval, and we will make use of accelerated regulatory pathways when possible. Since our inception in August 2017, we have made rapid progress advancing two product candidates towards marketing approval. Our first product candidate, nirogacestat, was granted Orphan Drug Designation, Fast Track Designation and Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA for the treatment of desmoid tumors and Orphan Drug Designation by the European Commission for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma. In May 2022, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 3 DeFi trial, and we presented additional data from the DeFi trial at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress in September 2022. In December 2022, we submitted an NDA to the FDA for nirogacestat for the treatment of adults with desmoid tumors. In February 2023, the NDA filing was accepted by the FDA and granted priority review with an assigned PDUFA target action date of August 27, 2023. Our second product candidate, mirdametinib, was granted Orphan Drug Designation by both the FDA and the European Commission for the treatment of NF1 and Fast Track Designation by the FDA for the treatment of NF1-PN. Mirdametinib is currently being evaluated in the potentially registrational ReNeu trial; in June 2021, interim clinical data from the first 20 adult patients enrolled in the Phase 2b ReNeu trial were presented at the Children's Tumor Foundation NF Conference. In November 2021, we announced full enrollment of the ReNeu trial, and we expect to report topline results in the second half of 2023. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Establish nirogacestat as a cornerstone of BCMA-targeted therapy in multiple myeloma and deploy our precision oncology approach towards the treatment of biomarker defined subgroups of highly prevalent metastatic solid tumors. We have entered into several clinical collaboration agreements to evaluate nirogacestat in combination with BCMA-targeted therapies of various modalities, including antibody-drug conjugates, CAR T-cell therapies, bispecific antibodies and monoclonal antibodies, for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma. We believe that nirogacestat in combination with BCMA-targeted therapies has the potential to improve clinical outcomes of multiple myeloma patients compared to a BCMA-targeted therapy alone. We continue to use a precision medicine approach to identify and develop potential treatments for patients with genetically-defined cancers. Our clinical-stage efforts are focused on developing monotherapy and combination approaches targeting solid tumors harboring MAPK aberrations. 
 Maximize the potential of our portfolio through strategic partnerships and deploy our value-driven approach to identifying, acquiring and developing new medicines to further expand our portfolio. We have entered into strategic partnerships to develop innovative combination therapies that leverage emerging insights into the fundamental mechanisms that drive cancer. Our strategy is to align incentives among parties by sharing development costs and downstream economics for selected partnered programs. By pursuing this strategy, we believe that we can access promising therapies being developed across the biopharmaceutical industry for which there is scientific and clinical rationale for combinations with our existing product candidates. We have announced collaborations with several industry and academic partners, and we intend to execute additional strategic partnerships in the future. 
 Commercialize our product candidates, if approved, either alone or in partnership with others, to bring new medicines to underserved patient populations using a focused and efficient approach. We intend to market and commercialize our product candidates, if approved, in the U.S. and select international markets, either alone or in partnership with others. We are in the process of completing our commercial readiness activities in anticipation of our first commercial launch in the U.S., including the continued buildout of our medical affairs organization and commercial infrastructure. We continue to employ a focused and efficient approach with these efforts, initially establishing market access, sales and marketing capabilities in a targeted manner that is appropriate for the relevant product opportunity. We believe that this approach will allow us to effectively reach the patients and physicians that our product candidates have been developed for and to maximize the commercial potential of our portfolio. 
 Continue to cultivate a tightly integrated network of patient advocacy groups, key opinion leaders, research institutions and healthcare providers to inform our approach to developing therapies that can transform the lives of patients and their families. We believe that in order to develop our portfolio in an efficient and impactful manner, it is imperative to cultivate a network of key stakeholders. Integrating the experiences and insights from these stakeholders, which include the Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation, the Children s Tumor Foundation and leading academic physicians and researchers, continues to inform our approach to developing therapies that can transform the lives of patients and their families suffering from devastating rare diseases and cancer. 
 Attract, retain and support the best talent through our deep commitment to maintaining a culture of diversity, inclusion and professional excellence. We are committed to building our organization with a culture supported by our patient-focused mission and organizational strength that is driven by diversity in experience and perspectives. 
 Our product candidates 
 Our pipeline is summarized in the chart below. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

___________________________ 
 Received Orphan Drug, Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy Designations. 
 Received Orphan Drug and Fast Track Designations. 
 (1) Being developed by MapKure, an entity that is jointly owned by us and BeiGene. 
 For purposes of this report, when we refer herein to a potentially registrational trial, we are referring to a clinical trial to evaluate efficacy and safety of a product candidate to potentially support submission of a marketing application for such product candidate with the applicable regulatory authorities. Such a trial is also sometimes referred to as a Phase 2/3 or Phase 3 clinical trial or a pivotal trial. 
 Nirogacestat 
 Overview 
 
 Nirogacestat, our most advanced product candidate, is an investigational oral, selective GSI that we are developing for the treatment of several oncology indications, including desmoid tumors, ovarian granulosa cell tumors and multiple myeloma, where significant unmet medical need exists despite currently available therapies. Gamma secretase is a protease complex that cleaves numerous transmembrane proteins, including amyloid precursor protein, or APP, Notch, HER4, E-cadherin, N-cadherin, BCMA and CD44. Cleavage of these transmembrane proteins by gamma secretase leads to a variety of signaling events that result from the untethering of the cytoplasmic domains of these proteins. Several of gamma secretase s substrates have been implicated in a variety of diseases, including APP in Alzheimer s disease and BCMA and Notch in cancer, forming the rationale for evaluating gamma secretase as a therapeutic target. 
 
 In June 2018, the FDA granted nirogacestat Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of desmoid tumors, and in November 2018, the FDA granted nirogacestat Fast Track Designation for the treatment of adult patients with progressive, unresectable, recurrent or refractory desmoid tumors or deep fibromatosis. In August 2019, the FDA granted nirogacestat Breakthrough Therapy Designation for the treatment of adult patients with progressive, unresectable, recurrent or refractory desmoid tumors or deep fibromatosis. In addition, in September 2019, the European Commission granted nirogacestat Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma. 
 
 Based on encouraging results in desmoid tumor patients from Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials, in May 2019, we announced the initiation of the DeFi trial, a registrational Phase 3, global, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial, and in July 2020, we announced full enrollment of the trial. In May 2022, we announced positive topline results from the DeFi trial and presented additional data from the DeFi trial at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress in September 2022, in which nirogacestat demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements compared to placebo in all primary and secondary efficacy and quality of life endpoints. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 In December 2022, we submitted an NDA to the FDA for nirogacestat for the treatment of adults with desmoid tumors. On February 27, 2023, we announced that the FDA accepted the NDA filing and granted priority review. The FDA has assigned a PDUFA target action date of August 27, 2023. In addition, the FDA has stated that it is not currently planning to hold an advisory committee meeting to discuss the application. 
 
 We are also evaluating nirogacestat for the treatment of ovarian granulosa cell tumors, a subtype of ovarian cancer. In September 2022, we announced that the first patient had been dosed in a Phase 2 trial evaluating nirogacestat as a monotherapy in patients with recurrent ovarian granulosa cell tumors. 
 
 In addition to our monotherapy development efforts, we are evaluating nirogacestat as a combination agent with BCMA-targeted therapies for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma. GSIs have been shown to reduce cleavage of membrane-bound BCMA on multiple myeloma cells, thereby improving the activity of BCMA-targeted therapies. We are evaluating this novel combination therapy approach across BCMA-targeted modalities through clinical collaborations with several industry partners. 
 Nirogacestat for treatment of desmoid tumors 
 Disease background 
 
 Desmoid tumors, also referred to as aggressive fibromatosis or desmoid-type fibromatosis, are rare, non-metastatic soft tissue tumors that can occur in both children and adults. These tumors are characterized by a growth pattern that can invade surrounding healthy tissues, including joints, muscle and viscera. Depending on tumor size, aggressiveness of growth pattern and location, desmoid tumors can cause severe morbidities such as pain, disfigurement, internal bleeding and debilitating impairment on range of motion. An epidemiology study of 179 desmoid tumors patients treated at two Danish sarcoma centers, Aarhus University Hospital and Copenhagen University Hospital, indicated that healthcare resource utilization by patients is significantly elevated for about 3 years following a desmoid tumor diagnosis in part due to increased inpatient and outpatient visits and days in the hospital, underscoring the significance of the morbidities that result from this disease. 
 
 Desmoid tumors typically occur in patients between the ages of 15 and 60 years old and are more commonly diagnosed in the third and fourth decades of life, with a two-to-three times higher prevalence in females. The annual incidence is estimated to be 1,000 to 1,650 new desmoid tumor patients diagnosed each year in the U.S. Most cases of desmoid tumor occur spontaneously and are associated with one of several mutations in the CTNNB1 gene, which encodes for the -catenin protein. Patients with a family history of familial adenomatous polyposis, or FAP, have an approximately 850-fold higher risk of developing desmoid tumors compared to the general population. FAP patients with desmoid tumors typically have tumors that are attributable to germline mutations in the APC gene, which encodes for a protein involved in the degradation of -catenin. When APC or CTNNB1 mutations are present, tissue trauma, including surgery, pregnancy or soft tissue injury, can lead to the formation of desmoid tumors. 
 
 The clinical course of desmoid tumors varies across the patient population. Within any given patient, desmoid tumors can alternate between periods of rapid growth and stabilization, and spontaneous regressions have been observed in approximately 5-10 of patients over a multi-year follow-up period. Desmoid tumors can vary significantly in terms of their morphology and radiographic appearance but are generally routine to diagnose. Desmoid tumors are usually first noted upon physical examination or by using various imaging techniques, such as ultrasound, computed tomography, or CT, or magnetic resonance imaging, or MRI. Histologically, desmoid tumors appear with variable collagen deposition and are not clearly circumscribed. Definitive diagnosis relies upon immunohistochemical stains for nuclear localization of -catenin. Diagnosis can also be confirmed by screening for mutations in the CTNNB1 and APC genes. 
 
 Desmoid tumors, despite being highly morbid, typically have a limited impact on mortality. Due to this limited impact on overall lifespan and current poor treatment options, we believe that there is a sizable prevalent pool of desmoid tumor patients. Existing treatments for desmoid tumors often have low success rates. Up to 77 of patients undergoing surgery will relapse depending on patient age, tumor location and tumor size. Furthermore, based on market research studies with feedback from over 400 physicians who manage patients with desmoid tumors, we believe that approximately 50 of patients receiving a given systemic therapy, such as chemotherapy or a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, or a locoregional intervention such as surgery will not have a satisfactory treatment outcome and will require subsequent treatment for their desmoid tumors. Based on multiple market research studies, we believe that up to 90 or more of patients will eventually receive an active intervention, and we estimate that, in any given year over the next decade, approximately 5,500 to 7,000 desmoid tumor patients will be actively receiving treatment in the U.S. 
 Current treatment landscape for desmoid tumors 
 There are currently no therapies approved by the FDA for the treatment of desmoid tumors. Historically, desmoid tumors were treated with surgical resection, but this approach has become less favored due to an emerging body of evidence showing a post- 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 surgical tumor recurrence rate of up to 77 , which can potentially increase disease burden and require additional intervention. In addition to the high recurrence rates, surgery itself carries risk of complications and can also be highly morbid, occasionally requiring limb amputation. Given the potential morbidities of surgery and the uncertain magnitude and durability of its benefit, physicians now typically adopt an active surveillance approach for patients who historically may have been candidates for surgery. Despite its limitations, surgery is still used when a desmoid tumor presents significant risk of morbidity or mortality, such as tumors arising in the head and neck. Radiation therapy may also be used alone or in conjunction with surgery but is generally not preferred given the reported risk of developing secondary neoplasms. 
 In addition to these local treatments, systemic therapies have been used off-label with varying degrees of activity and tolerability. These therapies include chemotherapeutic agents, such as liposomal doxorubicin and vinblastine/methotrexate, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, anti-hormonal therapies and tyrosine kinase inhibitors, such as sorafenib, imatinib and pazopanib. Of these agents, only sorafenib has been studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial in patients with desmoid tumors; this Phase 3 clinical trial was investigator-initiated and did not have a biopharmaceutical industry sponsor. Although sorafenib demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in PFS compared to placebo, tolerability was a substantial issue; 20 of treated patients discontinued due to adverse events and an additional 22 of treated patients withdrew consent. At a median follow-up time of 27 months, 61 of the patients receiving sorafenib had discontinued treatment. Overall, we believe that the available off-label systemic therapies are poorly suited for the treatment of desmoid tumors and have not demonstrated an acceptable balance of safety and activity in this population. Therefore, we believe a significant unmet medical need exists for the treatment of desmoid tumors. 
 Mechanism of action 
 Nirogacestat is an investigational oral, potent, selective, reversible, noncompetitive small molecule inhibitor of gamma secretase, an integral protease complex that cleaves numerous functionally important transmembrane proteins, including Notch. Gamma secretase s cleavage of Notch causes the release of the Notch intracellular domain, or NICD, which shuttles into the nucleus and activates transcription of downstream target genes. Notch signaling is a regulator of cell proliferation and its dysregulation has been implicated in many forms of cancer. In desmoid tumor cell lines, nirogacestat has been observed to significantly decrease NICD release and reduce downstream activity of the Notch signaling pathway and decrease tumor cell migration, invasion and growth. 
 Clinical development of nirogacestat in desmoid tumors 
 
 Prior to the initiation of the Phase 3 DeFi trial, nirogacestat s clinical activity was observed in two clinical trials that enrolled adult desmoid tumor patients. The first of these was a Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical trial conducted by Pfizer in patients with solid tumors, a subset of whom had a diagnosis of desmoid tumor. Of the seven evaluable desmoid tumor patients, five patients achieved a partial response, or PR, by RECIST v1.0, resulting in an objective response rate, or ORR, of 71 with a disease control rate of 100 . Given the activity of nirogacestat in the desmoid tumor patients treated in this Phase 1 clinical trial, the NCI conducted a Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with progressing desmoid tumors, which evaluated nirogacestat at 150 mg twice daily, or BID, the same dose used in our DeFi trial. In the NCI-sponsored Phase 2 trial, of the 17 desmoid tumor patients enrolled in the study, five patients achieved a confirmed PR by RECIST v1.1, resulting in an ORR of 29 with no progressive disease. Nirogacestat was well tolerated across both clinical trials, with a median time on treatment of over 4 years reported at the 2022 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting. The promising clinical activity and safety profile for nirogacestat demonstrated in these Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials in desmoid tumor patients supported the initiation of the Phase 3 DeFi trial. 
 
 In August 2020, investigators at the University of Minnesota and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute published data where clinical benefit was observed in four pediatric and young adult desmoid tumor patients treated with nirogacestat under our Expanded Access Program. The clinical activity of nirogacestat in these four patients yielded one complete response, two partial responses and one stable disease, with no Grade 3 or Grade 4 adverse events reported. We are encouraged by the data in these four pediatric and young adult patients and believe that this Phase 2 clinical trial supports further evaluation of the potential benefit of nirogacestat in younger desmoid tumor patients. In September 2020, a Phase 2 clinical trial was initiated in collaboration with the Children's Oncology Group, or COG, to evaluate nirogacestat for the treatment of children and adolescents with progressive, surgically unresectable desmoid tumors. In the fourth quarter of 2022, this trial met its accrual goal. 
 Phase 3 DeFi trial in desmoid tumors 
 
 Based upon the degree of clinical benefit for desmoid tumor patients observed in the Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials, as well as our discussions with the FDA, we initiated the DeFi trial in May 2019 and announced full enrollment in July 2020. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The DeFi trial is a registrational Phase 3, global, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, conducted at 37 clinical sites in North America and Europe. 
 
 The DeFi trial is designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of nirogacestat compared to placebo in patients with progressing desmoid tumors. We enrolled 142 patients who had histologically confirmed desmoid tumors with progressive disease (defined as tumor growth within the past 12 months as measured by RECIST v1.1) and were either treatment-na ve with desmoid tumors not amenable to surgery or had refractory or recurrent disease (after 1 line of therapy). 
 
 The trial consists of two phases: a double-blind phase and an optional open-label extension, or OLE, phase. Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive 150 mg BID of nirogacestat or placebo every day for 28-day cycles. Patients were treated with nirogacestat or placebo until they developed clinical or radiographic disease progression, experienced unacceptable toxicity or withdrew consent. Eligible patients with confirmed disease progression on trial could enter the optional OLE phase to receive 150 mg BID of nirogacestat. 
 
 The primary endpoint was progression-free survival, or PFS, defined as the time from randomization until the date of assessment of progression or death by any cause. Progression was determined radiographically using RECIST v1.1 or clinically by blinded, independent, central radiologic or clinical review. Secondary and exploratory endpoints included safety and tolerability measures, objective response rate, or ORR, duration of response, changes in tumor volume assessed by magnetic resonance imaging, and patient-reported outcomes, including measures of pain, symptom burden, physical/role function and overall quality of life. 
 
 In May 2022, we announced positive topline results from the DeFi trial, and we presented additional data from the DeFi trial at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress in September 2022. 
 
 The DeFi trial met its primary endpoint of improving progression-free survival, or PFS, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement for nirogacestat over placebo, with a 71 reduction in the risk of disease progression (hazard ratio (HR) = 0.29 (95 CI: 0.15, 0.55); p 

Prespecified secondary efficacy endpoints were confirmed objective response (defined as the proportion of participants with complete response or partial response per RECIST v1.1) and change from baseline at Cycle 10 in the following patient-reported outcomes, or PROs: Brief Pain Inventory Short Form (BPI-SF) Average Worst Pain Intensity; GOunder/Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation DEsmoid Symptom/Impact Scale (GODDESS) Desmoid Tumor Symptom Scale (DTSS) total symptom score; GODDESS Desmoid Tumor Impact Scale (DTIS) physical functioning domain score; and the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire-Core 30 [EORTC QLQ-C30] global health status/quality of life, physical functioning, and role functioning scale scores. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Confirmed objective response rate (complete response + partial response) was 41 with nirogacestat versus 8 with placebo (p 

Nirogacestat demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in PROs. Specifically, nirogacestat significantly reduced pain (p 
 Nirogacestat exhibited a manageable safety profile in the DeFi trial, with 95 of all TEAEs reported as Grade 1 or 2. The below table lists all TEAEs (and corresponding grade 3 TEAEs) that were reported in greater than 25 of patients in either arm. The most frequently reported TEAEs in participants receiving nirogacestat as compared to the placebo arm were diarrhea, nausea, and fatigue. Forty-two percent of patients in the nirogacestat arm versus 0 in the placebo arm required dose reductions due to TEAEs, and 20 of patients in the nirogacestat arm versus 1 in the placebo arm discontinued treatment due to TEAEs. Ovarian dysfunction, which was defined by investigator-reported events of amenorrhea, premature menopause, menopause, and ovarian failure, was observed in 75 (27/36) of women of childbearing potential receiving nirogacestat. These events resolved in 74 (20/27) of the affected participants, including 64 (9/14) of such participants who remained on nirogacestat treatment and 100 (11/11) of those participants who discontinued treatment for any reason. 
 
 Safety Population, n( Nirogacestat (n=69) 
 Placebo (n=72) 
 Duration of study drug exposure, median (range), months 20.6 (0.3, 33.6) 11.4 (0.2, 32.5) Dose intensity, median (range), mg/d 288.3 (169, 300) 300.0 (239, 300) Any Grade 
 Grade 3 
 Any Grade 
 Grade 3 
 Any TEAE 
 69 (100) 39 (57) 69 (96) 12 (16) TEAEs of any grade reported in 25 of patients in either arm 
 Diarrhea 58 (84) 11 (16) 25 (35) 1 (1) Nausea 37 (54) 1 (1) 28 (39) 0 Fatigue 35 (51) 2 (3) 26 (36) 0 Hypophosphatemia 29 (42) 2 (3) 5 (7) 0 Rash, maculopapular 22 (32) 4 (6) 4 (6) 0 Headache 20 (29) 0 11 (15) 0 Stomatitis 20 (29) 3 (4) 3 (4) 0 TEAEs leading to death 
 0 1 (1) a 
 Does reductions due to TEAEs 
 29 (42) 0 Discontinuations due to TEAEs 
 14 (20) b 
 1 (1) b 
 
 ______________________________ 
 a) Death due to sepsis. 
 b) TEAEs leading to discontinuation in 1 patient include gastrointestinal disorders (n=5[4 ]), ovarian dysfuntion (n=4[3 ]), alanine aminotransferase increase (n=3[2 ]), aspartate aminotransferase increase (n=2[1 ]) and metabolism/nutritional disorders (n=2[1 ]). 
 
 Nirogacestat for treatment of ovarian granulosa cell tumors 
 
 Ovarian granulosa cell tumors, or GCT, are the most common type of sex cord stromal tumor, accounting for approximately 5 of all ovarian cancers. These tumors can be divided into two subtypes: adult GCT and juvenile GCT, which occur in patients 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 under the age of 30 years old. Approximately 95 of diagnosed GCT are adult GCT. Both subtypes are characterized by indolent growth, and the majority of adult GCT are diagnosed at an early stage. Symptoms of GCT include abdominal pain and abnormal vaginal bleeding, and some cases may also present with menorrhagia, irregular menstruation, or amenorrhea in women of reproductive age. There are currently no FDA-approved treatments for GCT. Surgery is the primary treatment option and aims to achieve histological diagnosis, an appropriate staging and complete debulking of disease. In patients with early-stage disease and those in reproductive age, unilateral salpingo-oophorectomy with peritoneal staging is indicated. In postmenopausal women and in those with more advanced disease, a total abdominal hysterectomy with bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy, peritoneal biopsies and removal of all visible disease is the typical surgical treatment. Platinum-based chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy are used in advanced or unresectable disease, although with modest benefit. However, the probability of recurrence in adult GCT patients is high, approximately 40 , typically occurring within the first 10 years of diagnosis. Therefore, additional treatment options are needed for recurrent disease. The annual incidence of GCT patients in the United States is approximately 1,500 to 2,000 patients. 
 
 A variety of cell signaling pathways, such as TGF- , Notch and PI3K/AKT, are involved in the development of adult GCT. Approximately 97 of GCT are driven by a C124W mutation in the FOXL2 gene, which encodes for FOXL2 protein, a transcription factor required for the development and function of granulosa cells. Preclinical data have shown that the Notch system acts as a survival pathway in FOXL2 -mutated granulosa tumor cell lines, inducing granulosa tumor cell proliferation and decreasing apoptosis-mediated cell death. Gamma secretase inhibitors have been shown to be inhibitors of the Notch signaling pathway. Preclinically, inhibition of the Notch pathway by a gamma secretase inhibitor was shown to decrease proliferation and viability of the FOXL2 -mutated granulosa tumor cell line. Based on this rationale, we are clinically evaluating nirogacestat s potential as a treatment for patients with GCT. In September 2022, we announced that the first patient had been dosed in a Phase 2 trial evaluating nirogacestat as a monotherapy in adult patients with recurrent GCT. 
 
 Nirogacestat in combination with BCMA-targeted agents 
 
 BCMA is a cell surface protein universally expressed on multiple myeloma, or MM, cells, and the clinical activity of monotherapy BCMA-targeted agents have been demonstrated in this indication. GSIs have been shown to increase BCMA expression on MM cells. Activity of this combination mechanism has been observed in multiple preclinical models of MM using BCMA-directed therapies in combination with GSIs as well as in initial clinical data. We believe this combination, as compared to BCMA-directed therapies alone, may provide a meaningful clinical benefit to MM patients by improving response rates, prolonging the duration of clinical benefit or reducing the side effect profile by enabling administration at a lower dose. 
 
 We are evaluating this novel combination therapy approach through clinical collaborations with several industry partners. In June 2019, we entered a clinical collaboration with GSK to explore the combination of nirogacestat with their BCMA-targeted ADC, belamaf, in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma, or RRMM. We believe that the clinical activity of BCMA-directed therapies, including belamaf, may be enhanced with the addition of a GSI, like nirogacestat. In June 2020, we announced the dosing of the first patient in an adaptive Phase 1b clinical trial evaluating the combination. Initial clinical data from the trial are expected in mid-2022. In October 2021, we announced the initiation of an expanded Phase 2 cohort from the first combination dose level that evaluated 0.95 mg/kg dose of belamaf every three weeks plus nirogacestat based on encouraging preliminary data observed in the Phase 1 cohort. We also announced the addition of two new sub-studies that will explore belamaf plus nirogacestat in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone and in combination with lenalidomide plus dexamethasone in patients with RRMM. GSK is responsible for the conduct and expenses of the trial, which is governed by a joint development committee with equal representation from each party. 
 
 In September 2022, we entered into an expanded global, non-exclusive license and collaboration agreement with GSK for nirogacestat in combination with belantamab mafodotin (belamaf) in patients with multiple myeloma. The expanded agreement includes the potential for continued development and commercialization of the combination of belamaf and nirogacestat in earlier lines of treatment, including in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma patients. We continue to retain full commercial rights to nirogacestat. Additionally, we will continue to supply nirogacestat for future belamaf clinical trials and will seek to make nirogacestat commercially available in markets where approval has been sought by GSK for a combination with belamaf. GSK funds all development costs related to the combination regimen study, except for those related to the supply of nirogacestat and certain expenses related to intellectual property rights. We are responsible for costs to commercialize nirogacestat as part of the combination regimen. 
 
 We have entered into other separate non-exclusive clinical collaborations with several industry partners, each of whom is developing one or more BCMA-targeted therapies. Each partner is responsible for the conduct and expenses of a clinical trial to evaluate the combination of nirogacestat with its respective BCMA agent in RRMM. 
 
 In addition to our clinical collaborations, in September 2020, we entered into a sponsored research agreement with Fred Hutch to further explore the ability of nirogacestat to modulate BCMA and potentiate BCMA-targeting therapies in a variety of preclinical and patient-derived multiple myeloma models developed by researchers at Fred Hutch, and in August 2021, we entered into a sponsored research collaboration with Dana-Farber to further investigate nirogacestat with BCMA-targeting therapies in a variety of preclinical multiple myeloma models. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Disease background multiple myeloma 
 MM is a plasma cell neoplasm with substantial morbidity and mortality and is the second most common hematologic malignancy in the U.S. accounting for approximately 10 of all hematologic cancers. The NCI surveillance, epidemiology and end results program estimated that in 2016 there were approximately 130,000 patients in the U.S. living with MM. Of these, approximately 30,000 have relapsed or are refractory to currently available therapies, representing a patient population with few therapeutic options and therefore a significant unmet medical need. It was estimated that approximately 13,000 individuals in the U.S. died from MM in 2022. 
 MM is characterized by the expansion and abnormal accumulation of malignant plasma cells in the bone marrow, which disrupts normal bone marrow function and over time can lead to anemia, hypercalcemia, thrombocytopenia, bone pain, fatigue and weight loss. As the disease progresses, it destroys the surrounding bone marrow and can lead to renal failure, increased susceptibility to infection, skeletal deterioration and neurologic disease. 
 Current treatment landscape for MM 
 Treatment of MM has advanced significantly in the past decade driven by a deeper understanding of disease processes and a sequenced or polypharmacy approach. Newly diagnosed patients with MM are treated with either stem cell transplants or multiple classes of therapeutic agents, either alone or in combination, to attempt to control their disease progression. These agents include proteasome inhibitors such as bortezomib, immunomodulatory drugs such as lenalidomide, monoclonal antibodies such as daratumumab, histone deacetylase inhibitors such as panobinostat, alkylating agents such as melphalan, anti-inflammatories such as dexamethasone and chemotherapeutic agents such as doxorubicin. Despite these current options, the durability of clinical response and benefit is often brief. As there are no therapies that currently are considered curative, nearly all patients who survive initial treatments are eventually deemed resistant or refractory to available therapies and their disease continues to progress. By the time these heavily pretreated patients reach this advanced state, they are often directed to clinical trials for treatment with experimental agents. Due to the advanced condition of these patients, the refractory nature of their disease and the toll prior treatments have taken on their health, responses to treatment are generally poor. 
 BCMA-directed agents have emerged as a potentially promising approach for the treatment of RRMM patients due to the restriction of BCMA s expression solely on the surface of plasmablasts and differentiated plasma cells, with several such agents having received regulatory approval in the last few years. We are aware of at least 20 other distinct programs in preclinical and clinical development that target BCMA; these programs represent a variety of therapeutics modalities, including ADCs, monoclonal antibodies, bispecific antibodies, autologous CAR T-cells and allogeneic CAR T-cells. 
 
 We are also aware of efforts by others to combine a GSI and a BCMA-directed agent to treat RRMM. Celgene, a subsidiary of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, is currently evaluating a BCMA-directed ADC, CC-99712, in combination with crenigacestat, a GSI licensed from Eli Lilly and Company in December 2017; this combination is currently in Phase 1 clinical testing. Celgene is also evaluating crenigacestat in combination with its approved autologous BCMA-directed CAR T-cell therapy, ABECMA (ide-cel), in an ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial. 
 
 Combination of nirogacestat and BCMA-targeted therapies 
 We believe that BCMA-targeted therapies will play an important role in the future treatment paradigm of MM, with each of our collaboration partners possessing particular advantages among the modalities being investigated to therapeutically target BCMA. ADCs and bispecific antibodies possess several attractive features, including conventional infusion schedules and standard pharmaceutical manufacturing, storage and administration processes. In addition, dosing of ADCs and bispecific antibodies can be readily modified throughout the course of treatment. Allogeneic CAR T-cell therapies have the benefit of potentially yielding profound clinical benefit using a one-time infusion of an off-the-shelf cell therapy product. Physician and patient preference for a given BCMA-targeted therapy modality may depend upon the treatment setting in which a patient is receiving care, the clinical characteristics of a given patient and the efficacy and tolerability profile of the therapy. 
 Given our clinical experience with nirogacestat as well as its tolerability profile at doses we believe will be active in combination with BCMA-targeted therapies based upon preclinical MM models, we believe that nirogacestat could be a compelling and differentiated GSI for use in combination with a BCMA-directed therapy in MM. We believe that nirogacestat, by maintaining a high level of surface expression of BCMA on MM cells and by reducing peripheral antigen sink resulting from shed soluble BCMA extracellular domain, or ECD, has the potential to improve clinical outcomes compared to a BCMA-targeted therapy alone. In particular, we believe this combination has the potential to improve response rates, prolong the duration of clinical benefit or reduce the side effect profile by enabling administration of a BCMA-targeted therapy at a lower dose in combination with nirogacestat. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Combination mechanism of action 
 Gamma secretase has been shown to directly cleave membrane-bound BCMA, resulting in the release of the BCMA ECD from the cell surface. By inhibiting gamma secretase, membrane-bound BCMA can be preserved, increasing target density while reducing levels of soluble BCMA ECD, which may serve as decoy receptors. Nirogacestat s ability to enhance the activity of BCMA-directed therapies has been observed in multiple preclinical models of MM, which was first presented in December 2019 at the 61 st Annual American Society of Hematology meeting by our collaborator GSK in combination with belantamab mafodotin (belamaf), and in initial clinical data presented at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting in December 2021 by our collaborator, Precision Biosciences, and at the 2022 ASCO Annual Meeting by our collaborator, GSK. 
 
 The activity of BCMA-directed antibody-drug conjugates against BCMA-expressing MM cells is attributable to four potential mechanisms: (1) targeted delivery of its cytotoxic payload, (2) antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity, (3) BCMA receptor signaling inhibition due to blocking of ligand binding and (4) immunogenic cell death. The activity of allogeneic CAR T-cell therapies against BCMA-expressing MM cells is driven by direct T-cell mediated killing of BCMA expressing MM cells. The activity of BCMAxCD3 bispecific antibodies is driven by the recruitment and activation of T-cells to kill BCMA-expressing MM cells. The activity of monoclonal antibodies targeting BCMA is driven by the blocking of BCMA-mediated pro-survival and proliferative signaling, mediating antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis, and enhanced antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity. 
 
 The following graphic illustrates the effect of GSI (shown in combination with a BCMA directed ADC) on decreasing gamma secretase-mediated cleavage of membrane-bound BCMA, leading to increased density of target (BCMA) on cancer cells and reduced levels of decoy receptors (soluble BCMA ECD). 

Mirdametinib 
 Overview 
 Mirdametinib is an investigational oral, small molecule inhibitor of MEK1 and MEK2. MEK proteins occupy a pivotal position in the MAPK pathway, a key signaling network that regulates cell growth and survival, and that plays a central role in multiple oncology and rare disease indications. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We are initially investigating mirdametinib as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with NF1-PN, a rare disorder characterized by mutations in the MAPK pathway that lead to the growth of peripheral nerve sheath tumors, which cause significant pain, disfigurement and morbidity. In October 2018 and July 2019, the FDA and European Commission, respectively, granted mirdametinib Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of NF1, and in May 2019, the FDA granted mirdametinib Fast Track Designation for the treatment of NF1-PN. 
 
 A Phase 2 clinical trial was conducted by the Neurofibromatosis Clinical Trial Consortium, which evaluated mirdametinib in 19 NF1-PN patients. In this clinical trial, 42 of patients experienced an objective response (defined as at least a 20 volumetric reduction in their target PN tumor) by 12 months of treatment. Based on the strength of these data and our interactions with the FDA, we initiated our potentially registrational single-arm, open-label Phase 2b ReNeu clinical trial of mirdametinib in NF1-PN patients in October 2019. The primary endpoint for the ReNeu trial is ORR, with an objective response defined as at least a 20 reduction in tumor volume from baseline as determined by volumetric MRI assessment. If the results of this clinical trial are favorable, we plan to file for marketing approval for mirdametinib in the U.S. and select international markets, although specific countries have not yet been finally determined. 
 
 In addition to our monotherapy program in NF1-PN, we believe that mirdametinib holds promise for use in multiple targeted combination therapies in oncology and for the treatment of other genetically defined tumors. Our first such effort is evaluating mirdametinib in combination with BeiGene s RAF dimer inhibitor, lifirafenib (BGB-283). In May 2019, we announced the initiation of an adaptive Phase 1b/2 clinical trial of this combination that is being conducted by BeiGene. This trial is currently enrolling patients in the U.S. and Australia with advanced or refractory solid tumors harboring relevant genetic mutations in the MAPK pathway, and we reported initial clinical data from this trial at our company-sponsored R D Day in June 2022. In addition, we are evaluating mirdametinib in combination with fulvestrant in patients with estrogen receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer and as a monotherapy in patients with solid tumors harboring activating mutations in MEK1 or MEK2 in an ongoing Phase 1b/2a clinical trial sponsored by Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and supported by SpringWorks. In collaboration with St. Jude Children s Research Hospital, we are evaluating mirdametinib for the treatment of pediatric and young adult patients with low-grade gliomas in an ongoing Phase 1/2 clinical trial. 
 Mirdametinib for treatment of NF1-PN 
 Disease background 
 NF1 is a rare, autosomal dominant tumor predisposition disorder that arises from mutations in the NF1 gene, which encodes for neurofibromin, a key negative regulator of the MAPK pathway. NF1 is the most common form of neurofibromatosis, with an estimated global birth incidence of approximately 1 in 3,000 individuals. We estimate that there are approximately 100,000 patients living with NF1 in the U.S. NF1 is clinically heterogeneous and manifests in a variety of symptoms across numerous organ systems, including abnormal pigmentation, skeletal deformities, tumor growth and neurological complications, such as cognitive impairment. Patients with NF1 have a 15-year mean reduction in their life expectancy compared to the general population. 
 NF1 patients have an approximately 30 to 50 lifetime risk of developing plexiform neurofibromas, or PN, which are tumors that grow in an infiltrative pattern along the peripheral nerve sheath and that can cause severe disfigurement, pain and functional impairment; in rare cases, NF1-PN may be fatal. NF1-PN are most often diagnosed in the first two decades of life and can be confirmed using routine imaging techniques. These tumors are characterized by aggressive growth, which is typically more rapid during childhood. NF1-PN typically do not spontaneously regress. 
 While NF1-PN are benign, these tumors can undergo malignant transformation, leading to malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumors, or MPNST. NF1 patients have an 8 to 15 lifetime risk of developing MPNST, a diagnosis that carries with it a 12-month survival rate of under 50 . In addition to MPNST, NF1 patients are at an increased risk of developing other malignancies, including breast cancer and gliomas. 
 Current treatment landscape for NF1-PN 
 A MEK inhibitor, Koselugo (selumetinib), was approved by the FDA in April 2020 for the treatment of pediatric patients two years of age and older with NF1 who have symptomatic, inoperable PN and is also being evaluated in an ongoing Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of adult patients with NF1 who have symptomatic, inoperable PN. While surgical resection is another treatment option for NF1-PN patients, wide margins are required to resect the tumors, and this is an outcome that can rarely be achieved in NF1-PN patients. This is because NF1-PN arise from nerve cells and grow in an infiltrative pattern, making it challenging to successfully resect tumors without severe comorbidities, such as permanent nerve damage and disfigurement. Patients that are ineligible for surgery or those who have had a recurrence post-surgery are often treated with a 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 variety of off-label therapies. Among these off-label therapies are various systemic treatments, such as chemotherapy and immunotherapy, which have not been shown to consistently confer a clinical benefit. 
 The inadequacy of surgery highlights the need for improved systemic therapies. Given that NF1-PN is driven by overactivation of the MAPK pathway, MEK inhibitors have emerged as a class of therapies that hold significant promise for the treatment of NF1-PN, and we believe that MEK inhibitors have the potential to become the standard of care. 
 In addition to Koselugo, we are aware of at least two other MEK inhibitors in Phase 2 investigator-sponsored clinical trials for this indication, including a MEK inhibitor approved for other oncology indications that is sometimes used off-label in NF1-PN patients. Given the lifelong and devastating nature of NF1-PN, as well as the need to begin treating patients at a young age, we believe that the optimal MEK inhibitor is one that will have a tolerability profile suitable for long-term dosing while simultaneously arresting or reversing tumor growth. 
 Mirdametinib for the treatment of NF1-PN 
 Mirdametinib is an investigational oral, small molecule inhibitor of MEK1 and MEK2, which we are developing as a monotherapy in NF1-PN. Based on results from prior clinical trials, we believe that mirdametinib, using the dose and schedule from the NF1-PN Phase 2 clinical trial, has the potential to offer a potentially best-in-class profile in order to enable the long-term treatment required for this patient population, as compared to other MEK inhibitors. Given the clinical activity and tolerability profile observed with mirdametinib in the previous NF1-PN clinical trial, and following our discussions with the FDA, we designed our ongoing potentially registrational Phase 2b clinical trial, or the ReNeu trial, in a manner that we believe has the potential to generate sufficient data to support approval in both pediatric and adult NF1-PN patients. If the results of the ReNeu trial are favorable, we plan to file for marketing approval for mirdametinib in the U.S. and select international markets, although specific countries have not yet been finally determined. 
 Mechanism of action 
 Neurofibromin is a critical repressor of RAS signaling and is impaired in patients with a mutated NF1 gene, resulting in constitutive activation of the MAPK pathway. MEK inhibitors can reduce MAPK pathway activity and therefore arrest or reverse NF1-PN growth, which has been observed clinically with several MEK inhibitors, including mirdametinib. 
 Clinical development of mirdametinib for NF1-PN 
 
 Mirdametinib has shown clinical activity in a previous Phase 2 clinical trial conducted by the Neurofibromatosis Clinical Trial Consortium that enrolled 19 adolescent and adult NF1-PN patients, and data from this clinical trial were published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology in 2021. Patients received an oral dose of 2 mg/m 2 BID with a maximum dose of 4 mg BID (without regard to food) on a four-week cycle of three weeks-on, one week-off. Eight patients (42 achieved an objective response by cycle 12, prospectively defined as a volumetric reduction in their target PN of at least 20 , and 10 patients (53 had stable disease. Mirdametinib was generally well tolerated in this trial, with no Grade 4 or Grade 5 adverse events reported. Two treatment-related Grade 3 events, occurring in the same patient, were reported. The most common adverse events of any grade were acneiform rash (95 ), fatigue (58 ), and nausea (53 ). Given the activity and tolerability of mirdametinib in this clinical trial, we are utilizing the same dose and schedule in our potentially registrational Phase 2b ReNeu trial. Furthermore, based on discussions with the FDA, we enrolled pediatric NF1-PN patients, in addition to adolescent and adult patients. 
 
 Mirdametinib has been tested in monotherapy clinical trials across a broad dose range (from 1 mg QD to 30 mg BID), with the maximum tolerated dose, or MTD, determined to be 15 mg BID and the recommended Phase 2 dose determined to be 10 mg BID administered on a five days-on, two days-off schedule. 
 
 To date, the safety profile of monotherapy mirdametinib in patients with advanced cancers at doses lower than 10 mg BID using an intermittent schedule has been characterized by mostly manageable and reversible toxicities, and mirdametinib is observed to be generally well tolerated. The most frequently reported of these adverse events have been rash, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and fatigue. 
 Phase 2b ReNeu trial in NF1-PN 
 Given the degree of clinical benefit observed in patients with NF1-PN in the previous Phase 2 clinical trial of mirdametinib, and informed by our discussions with the FDA, we initiated the potentially registrational ReNeu clinical trial in the fourth quarter of 2019. The ReNeu trial is a Phase 2b, longitudinal, open-label clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of mirdametinib in patients at least two years of age with an inoperable NF1-PN that is causing significant morbidity 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 or major deformity. The ReNeu trial is being conducted at clinical sites in North America. As in the previous Phase 2 clinical trial in NF1-PN patients, mirdametinib is being administered orally at a 2 mg/m 2 BID dose with a maximum dose of 4 mg BID (without regard to food). Dosing is occurring on a four-week cycle with a three weeks-on, one week-off schedule. The intervention period will last for up to 24 cycles. In contrast to the previous Phase 2 clinical trial, we have designed our ReNeu trial with an intervention period that we believe is optimized to demonstrate the full antitumor activity of mirdametinib in NF1-PN patients. 
 In November 2021, we announced full enrollment of the Phase 2b ReNeu trial, with over 50 adults and over 50 pediatric patients with NF1-PN enrolled. The primary endpoint is ORR measured using three-dimensional MRI volumetric analysis and assessed by blinded independent central review, or BICR. As in the previous Phase 2 clinical trial, an objective response is defined as a decrease of at least 20 in tumor volume in the target NF1-PN by BICR. Key secondary endpoints include the duration of response and health-related quality-of-life measurements. We expect to report topline data for the ReNeu trial in the second half of 2023. 
 Interim clinical data 
 
 In February 2021, we reported interim clinical data from the first 20 adult patients enrolled in the Phase 2b ReNeu trial and in June 2021, we presented updated data from these 20 patients at the Children s Tumor Foundation NF Conference. Demographics and baseline characteristics of these patients are shown in the table below. 
 
 Characteristic n ) Patients enrolled 20 Median age at enrollment [range] - years 33.5 [19 69] Sex 
 Male 
 Female 
 4 (20) 16 (80) Location of target neurofibroma 
 Head and Neck 
 Lower Extremities 
 Chest Wall 
 Paraspinal 
 Upper Extremities 
 Other 
 9 (45) 6 (30) 1 (5) 1 (5) 1 (5) 2 (10) Type of neurofibroma-related complication 
 Pain 
 Major Deformity 
 Motor Dysfunction/Weakness 
 Lower Extremity 
 Upper Extremity 
 Progression of PN at Entry 
 Optic Glioma 
 Airway Dysfunction 
 Other 
 20 (100) 10 (50) 10 (50) 7 (35) 3 (15) 6 (30) 2 (10) 1 (5) 3 (15) 
 
 As of the data cut-off date of March 23, 2021, 10 of these 20 patients (50 had achieved an objective response, as assessed by a reduction of at least 20 in tumor volume by BICR. The following chart shows the best percent change in tumor volume from baseline in these first 20 adult patients. Seven of the 10 patients who achieved an initial objective response had confirmed partial responses. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

______________________________ 
 PD: progressive disease; PR: partial response (defined as a 20 reduction in tumor volume); cPR: confirmed partial response; uPR: unconfirmed partial response; SD: stable disease 
 
 The duration of treatment for the 20 patients evaluated is shown in the chart below. As of the March 23, 2021 data cut-off, 16 patients (80 remained on therapy and four patients discontinued treatment with one due to disease progression, one due to an adverse event of Grade 1 diarrhea, one participant decision and one patient being unable to undergo the required MRI imaging due to a titanium rod implant from non-treatment related worsening of scoliosis. At the time of data cut-off, the median time on treatment for these 20 patients was 13 cycles (approximately 12 months) and all 10 patients who had achieved an objective response remained on therapy. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 ______________________________ 
 PR: partial response (defined as a 20 reduction in tumor volume); SD: stable disease 
 
 As of the March 23, 2021 data cut-off, mirdametinib continued to be generally well tolerated. The majority of treatment-related adverse events, or TRAEs, were Grade 1 or 2 with only one Grade 3 TRAE of rash reported; no Grade 4 or 5 adverse events have been reported. One patient required a dose reduction due to a Grade 3 rash. The following table shows the most common TEAEs, occurring in 15 of the 20 patients evaluated as well as Grade 3 TEAEs and TRAEs as of the data cut-off date. 
 
 Treatment-Emergent AEs 15 of patients) 
 Treatment-Related AEs 
 All Grades 
 n ) 
 Grade 3 
 n ) 
 Grade 4 
 n ) 
 Grade 3 
 n ) 
 Grade 4 
 n ) 
 Adverse Event 
 At least 1 AE 
 20 (100) 
 3 (15) 
 
 1 (5) 
 
 Dermatitis acneiform/Rash/ 
 Rash maculopapular 
 18 (90) 
 1 (5) 
 
 1 (5) 
 
 Nausea 
 12 (60) 

Diarrhea 
 10 (50) 

Fatigue 
 6 (30) 

Abdominal Pain 
 6 (30) 

Vomiting 
 5 (25) 

Dry skin 
 4 (20) 

Ejection fraction decreased 
 4 (20) 

Constipation 
 3 (15) 

Dyspnea 
 3 (15) 
 1 (5) 

Gastroesophageal reflux disease 
 3 (15) 

Arthralgia 
 3 (15) 

Ear pain 
 3 (15) 

Urinary tract infection 
 3 (15) 

Coronavirus infection 
 
 1 (5) 

Coronavirus test positive 
 
 1 (5) 

Headache 
 
 1 (5) 

Non-cardiac chest pain 
 
 1 (5) 

Scoliosis 
 
 1 (5) 

MAPK Pathway Programs 
 Overview 
 We have several monotherapy and combination therapy approaches in development for the treatment of solid tumors with mutations in the MAPK pathway. These approaches include the combination of mirdametinib with BeiGene s RAF dimer inhibitor, lifirafenib, as well as a monotherapy approach with BGB-3245, an investigational oral, selective small molecule inhibitor of monomeric and dimeric forms of activating BRAF mutations through MapKure, which is jointly owned by us and BeiGene to treat patients with solid tumors harboring RAS or RAF mutations. 
 We are also evaluating mirdametinib for the treatment of solid tumors harboring other MAPK aberrations in collaboration with academic institutions. Ongoing academic-sponsored trials supported by SpringWorks include a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in children and young adults with low-grade glioma sponsored by St. Jude Children s Research Hospital and a Phase 1b/2a platform study sponsored by Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center with two patient cohorts: the first evaluating mirdametinib in combination with fulvestrant, a selective estrogen receptor degrader in patients with estrogen receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer with MAPK alterations (particularly inactivating mutations in NF1 ), and the second evaluating mirdametinib as a monotherapy in advanced solid tumors harboring oncogenic MEK1 or MEK2 mutations. 
 Disease background 
 Overview of the MAPK pathway 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The MAPK pathway, which relies upon the RAS-RAF-MEK-ERK signaling cascade, represents a central biological pathway in all human cells that is responsible for helping to regulate cellular transcription, proliferation and survival. The general structure of the pathway consists of RAS, a small GTPase, and three downstream protein kinases, RAF, MEK and ERK. In addition, at the level of RAS, the pathway is negatively regulated by several proteins, including neurofibromin, the protein encoded by the NF1 gene. Given its direct regulation of ERK, which directly controls downstream signaling through the MAPK pathway, MEK occupies a pivotal position in this signaling cascade and represents a rational therapeutic target for addressing indications where overactivation of the MAPK pathway contributes significantly to disease onset and/or progression. 
 
 Constitutive activation of the MAPK pathway has been reported in approximately 25 of human cancers, including colon, lung, breast, pancreatic, ovarian and renal tumors. The cause of pathway activation is varied and tissue-specific, but is driven by one or more of the following mechanisms, each of which is depicted in the illustration below: (i) upstream activation of one or more receptor tyrosine kinases, such as EGFR, (ii) mutations in a RAS isoform, such as KRAS and (iii) other mutations or aberrations within the pathway, such as in BRAF and NF1 . 

We believe that by vertically inhibiting two key, adjacent constituents of the MAPK pathway, the combination of mirdametinib and a RAF inhibitor, such as lifirafenib or BGB-3245, can potentially address the resistance mechanisms and feedback loops that have prevented development of therapies for many devastating cancers harboring MAPK pathway gene mutations, such as those in RAS , RAF and NF1 . 
 
 Currently approved RAF inhibitors were designed to address tumors whose growth is reliant upon signaling via monomeric forms of BRAF, such as those with BRAF V600 mutations, a subset of MAPK aberrations commonly found in metastatic melanoma. In this setting, the addition of a MEK inhibitor to a BRAF V600 inhibitor showed significant clinical activity beyond monotherapy BRAF inhibition. By targeting both monomeric and dimeric forms of RAF, RAF dimer inhibitors, such as lifirafenib, are designed to work in tumors beyond just those harboring BRAF V600 mutations and therefore have the potential 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 to address a much broader range of genetically defined patient populations. This includes RAS -mutant cancers, which predominantly signal through hetero- and homodimeric RAF; both of these conformations are potentially addressed by lifirafenib. 
 RAS mutations 
 RAS mutations are one of the most common genetic aberrations found in human cancers and these driver mutations are found in approximately 25 of all solid tumors, representing over 200,000 new patients diagnosed in the U.S. each year. RAS proteins, which are comprised of the KRAS, HRAS and NRAS isoforms, are central to the transduction of receptor tyrosine kinase signaling and lead to downstream activation of the canonical RAF-MEK-ERK signaling cascade of the MAPK pathway. 
 We believe that effective therapies for patients harboring RAS mutations represent a significant clinical need. To date, MEK or RAF inhibitors used as monotherapies have generally demonstrated only limited clinical activity in patients whose tumors harbor RAS mutations. These tumors are generally poorly responsive to targeted therapies and RAS mutations typically confer poor prognosis, although outcomes can vary across different cancer types with RAS mutations. 
 RAF mutations 
 RAF mutations have been reported in up to 7 of all solid tumors, with the most widely described being the BRAF V600 mutations, commonly found in patients with metastatic melanoma. While there are approved MEK-RAF targeted combination therapies for patients with BRAF V600 mutations, patients eventually progress on these therapies representing a significant unmet clinical need. 
 In addition, there have been numerous non-V600 BRAF mutations described, which are not responsive to the currently approved therapies, and the use of the existing therapies has been shown to paradoxically increase the ability of tumor cells with these non-V600 BRAF mutations to proliferate. 
 Other MAPK aberrations 
 Patients with mutations and aberrations in the MAPK pathway aside from RAS and RAF mutations also represent a substantial unmet clinical need owing to a lack of approved therapies. Such tumors include malignant cancers driven by NF1 mutations, such as MPNST. 
 Current treatment landscape 
 There are currently two approved therapies for the treatment of solid tumors with a specific RAS- mutation. In May 2021, Amgen Inc. s LUMAKRAS (sotorasib), a RAS GTPase family inhibitor, received accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C mutated locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. In December 2022, Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. s KRAZATI (adagrasib), a RAS GTPase family inhibitor, received accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with KRAS G12C mutated locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. In addition to LUMAKRAS and KRAZATI, there are currently multiple programs in clinical development for RAS -mutant solid tumors that are evaluating various mechanisms of action and targeting specific RAS mutations. 
 For RAF mutations, we are not aware of any therapies currently approved by the FDA for treatment of patients harboring non-V600 BRAF mutations. There are several approved therapies in indications where RAF mutations are frequent, though none are designed to address RAF mutations aside from those therapies targeting BRAF V600 mutations, and even for these an unmet medical need exists because patients eventually progress on these therapies. 
 For patients whose tumors harbor other MAPK aberrations, we are not aware of any therapies currently approved by the FDA. There are several approved therapies in indications where we believe such MAPK pathway aberrations are frequent, though these therapies are not specifically designed to address these aberrations. 
 Combination of mirdametinib and lifirafenib in MAPK-mutant solid tumors 
 
 Preclinical data with the combination of mirdametinib and lifirafenib demonstrating antitumor activity in RAS mutant cancer models were presented at the 2015 American Association for Cancer Research, or AACR, Conferences. A variety of MEK inhibitors were evaluated in combination with lifirafenib in this preclinical study, and mirdametinib was observed to be among the MEK inhibitors with the highest synergy and the most potent antitumor activity in combination. Additional preclinical data 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 from studies of mirdametinib in combination with lifirafenib presented at the 2020 AACR Virtual Annual Meeting II demonstrated potent and synergistic activity in vitro and in vivo across a panel of cancer models harboring a variety of RAS mutations. BeiGene s lifirafenib has demonstrated antitumor activity as a monotherapy in a completed Phase 1 clinical trial in patients with RAS and RAF mutated solid tumors and was observed to be generally well tolerated. 
 
 In May 2019, we announced the initiation of an adaptive Phase 1b/2 clinical trial evaluating the combination of mirdametinib and lifirafenib. This clinical trial is enrolling patients with advanced or refractory solid tumors harboring relevant genetic mutations in the MAPK pathway. This clinical trial is being conducted by BeiGene in collaboration with us in both the U.S. and Australia. The clinical trial is comprised of two stages. In the first stage, we intend to determine the MTD and recommended Phase 2 dose of the combination therapy. In the second stage, the trial is expected to enroll expansion cohorts comprised of patients with tumor types and mutational backgrounds of interest, which may include non-small cell lung cancer and endometrial cancer with KRAS mutations, to assess antitumor efficacy, safety and tolerability of the combination therapy at the recommended Phase 2 dose. Initial clinical data from the ongoing trial was presented at our company-sponsored R D Day in June 2022, demonstrating proof-of-concept. 
 BGB-3245 in genetically defined BRAF-mutant solid tumors 
 In June 2019, we announced the formation of MapKure, which is jointly owned by us and BeiGene. BeiGene licensed to MapKure exclusive rights to BGB-3245, a novel, investigational oral, selective small molecule inhibitor of monomeric and dimeric forms of activating BRAF mutations, including V600 BRAF mutations, non-V600 BRAF mutations and RAF fusions. MapKure is advancing BGB-3245 through clinical development for solid tumor patients harboring BRAF driver mutations and BRAF fusions that were observed to be sensitive to the compound in preclinical studies. In February 2020 MapKure, BeiGene and SpringWorks announced the initiation of a Phase 1 dose-escalation and expansion clinical trial evaluating BGB-3245 in adult patients with advanced or refractory solid tumors harboring specific genetic mutations that based on preclinical results are predicted to be sensitive to treatment with BGB-3245. Initial clinical data from the ongoing trial was presented at our company-sponsored R D Day in June 2022, demonstrating proof-of-concept. We expect to present additional monotherapy data from the Phase 1 trial at a medical conference in the first half of 2023. In February 2023, the first patient was dosed in a Phase 1/2a open-label, dose escalation and expansion trial evaluating mirdametinib in combination with BGB-3245 in patients with advanced solid tumors harboring MAPK-activating mutations. 
 In addition to our significant, but non-controlling equity ownership in MapKure, we have one seat on each of MapKure s joint steering committee and its board of directors. We are also contributing to the clinical development of BGB-3245 and other operational activities through a service agreement with MapKure. 
 Based on preclinical data, we believe that BGB-3245 may be unique in its BRAF binding and disassociation properties, potentially enabling differentiated antitumor activity as compared to other known RAF inhibitors. We believe this may better position BGB-3245 for clinical development as a monotherapy in certain biomarker defined patient populations. These biomarkers include de novo Class 2 BRAF mutations, de novo BRAF fusions and BRAF resistance mutations following treatment with BRAF V600 inhibitors. 
 To date, approximately 200 unique mutant BRAF alleles have been identified in human tumors. Activating BRAF mutations have been categorized into three classes: Class 1 mutants, comprised of constitutively active monomers, such as V600E mutations, Class 2 mutants, comprised of constitutively active dimers, and Class 3 mutants, which are kinase-impaired or kinase-dead. Today, only Class 1 BRAF mutations have any approved targeted therapeutic options, such as vemurafenib, dabrafenib and encorafenib for the treatment of BRAF V600E/K-mutant metastatic melanoma. The following table summarizes the distribution of BRAF mutations that have been described in the scientific literature as of 2017. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Despite the clinical activity of approved BRAF inhibitors in patients with Class 1 BRAF mutations, emerging evidence suggests that resistance commonly develops via mutations that enable ligand independent signaling by dimerization of the protein, such as p61 BRAF V600E and BRAF V600E/L514V, which represent an area of unmet medical need. BGB-3245 has demonstrated preclinical activity against these mutations. 
 Furthermore, BRAF fusion proteins have recently been described as drivers of cancer cell growth, and patients can now be screened for such fusions in the clinical setting. Recent literature suggests that these mutations may account for 0.3 of all human cancers, with 20 novel BRAF fusions now identified across 12 distinct tumor types, with enrichment in specific cancers. We believe that BGB-3245 may also address patients with these BRAF fusions. 
 Mirdametinib for the treatment of other MAPK-aberrant solid tumors 
 
 We are also evaluating mirdametinib for the treatment of solid tumors harboring other MAPK aberrations, in both monotherapy and combination approaches. In June 2021, we announced the initiation of Phase 1/2 clinical trial of mirdametinib in children and young adults with low-grade glioma. The study is sponsored by St. Jude Children s Research Hospital and supported by SpringWorks. Initial data from the Phase 1 dose escalation study were presented at the International Symposium on Pediatric Neuro-Oncology 2022 meeting. In August 2021, we announced the evaluation of mirdametinib in a Phase 1b/2a platform study sponsored by Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and supported by SpringWorks to explore the compound both as a monotherapy and as a combination therapy in advanced solid tumors harboring MAPK-activating mutations. The trial, which initiated in the third quarter of 2021, is initially exploring mirdametinib in two patient cohorts: the first in combination with fulvestrant, a selective estrogen receptor degrader in patients with estrogen receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer with MAPK alterations (particularly inactivating mutations in NF1 ), and the second as a monotherapy in advanced solid tumors harboring oncogenic MEK1 or MEK2 mutations. 
 License and collaboration agreements 
 Pfizer license agreements 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We were originally conceived by Pfizer as an innovative way to advance investigational therapies that may hold significant promise for underserved patients. Pfizer initially made an equity investment and also contributed royalty- and milestone-bearing product licenses, including for our two lead product candidates, nirogacestat and mirdametinib. 
 Nirogacestat license agreement 
 In August 2017, we entered into a license agreement, or the Nirogacestat License Agreement, with Pfizer, pursuant to which we acquired exclusive (including as to Pfizer) worldwide sublicensable rights to research, develop and manufacture nirogacestat for the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of all diseases and commercialize nirogacestat for the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of all diseases other than Alzheimer s disease, breast cancer and prostate cancer. Additionally, Pfizer agreed that, for ten years, it would not conduct a clinical trial of a gamma secretase inhibitor for desmoid tumors. Pfizer retained rights to commercialize nirogacestat for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease, breast cancer and prostate cancer. We subsequently amended the Nirogacestat License Agreement in July 2019 with regard to certain provisions relating to intellectual property. 
 Pursuant to the Nirogacestat License Agreement, as amended, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for at least one product in the U.S. and if regulatory approval is obtained, to commercialize such product in the U.S. If, following regulatory approval in the U.S., we reasonably anticipate that the product will receive a certain level of reimbursement in certain countries, then we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for the product in such country and if regulatory approval is obtained, to commercialize such product in such country. 
 We are required to pay Pfizer up to an aggregate of 232.5 million upon achievement of certain commercial milestone events. 
 We will pay Pfizer tiered royalties on sales of nirogacestat at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the low 20s, that may be subject to deductions for expiration of valid claims, amounts due under third-party licenses and generic competition. 
 Unless earlier terminated, the Nirogacestat License Agreement will expire upon the expiration of all royalty obligations. The royalty period will expire on a country-by-country basis upon the later of (i) ten years from the first commercial sale, (ii) the expiration of all regulatory or data exclusivity and (iii) the expiration of the last-to-expire valid patent claim. Following expiration of the applicable royalty period for a country, we will continue to have a perpetual, fully paid-up, non-exclusive license to all IP licensed during the royalty period for such country. We have the right to terminate the Nirogacestat License Agreement for convenience upon thirty (30) days prior written notice. Pfizer may not terminate the agreement for convenience. Either we or Pfizer may terminate the Nirogacestat License Agreement if the other party is in material breach and such breach is not cured within the specified cure period. In addition, either we or Pfizer may terminate the Nirogacestat License Agreement in the event of specified insolvency events involving the other party. If Pfizer terminates the agreement as a result of our uncured material breach or our insolvency, Pfizer retains its license with respect to targets for which it has exercised an option (unless Pfizer elects otherwise), subject to reduced payment obligations. 
 Mirdametinib license agreement 
 In August 2017, we entered into a license agreement, or the Mirdametinib License Agreement with Pfizer pursuant to which we acquired exclusive (including as to Pfizer) worldwide sublicensable rights to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize mirdametinib for the treatment of all diseases. Additionally, Pfizer agreed, that for ten years, it will not conduct a clinical trial with a MEK inhibitor for NF1, but excluding a MEK inhibitor owned or controlled by a third party that acquires, or is acquired by, Pfizer. We subsequently amended the Mirdametinib License Agreement in August 2019 with regard to certain provisions relating to intellectual property. 
 Pursuant to the Mirdametinib License Agreement, as amended, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for at least one product in the U.S. and if regulatory approval is obtained, to commercialize such product in the U.S. If, following regulatory approval in the U.S., we reasonably anticipate that the product will receive a certain level of reimbursement in certain countries, then we will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for the product in such country and if regulatory approval is obtained, to commercialize such product in such country. 
 We are required to pay Pfizer up to an aggregate of 229.8 million upon achievement of certain commercial milestone events. 
 We will pay Pfizer tiered royalties on sales of mirdametinib at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the low 20s, that may be subject to deductions for expiration of valid claims, amounts due under third-party licenses and generic competition. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Unless earlier terminated, the Mirdametinib License Agreement will expire upon the expiration of all royalty obligations. The royalty period will expire on a country-by-country basis upon the later of (i) ten years from the first commercial sale, (ii) the expiration of all regulatory or data exclusivity and (iii) the expiration of the last-to-expire valid patent claim. Following expiration of the applicable royalty period for a country, we will continue to have a perpetual, fully paid-up, non-exclusive license to all IP licensed during the royalty period for such country. We have the right to terminate the Mirdametinib License Agreement for convenience upon thirty (30) days prior written notice. Pfizer may not terminate the agreement for convenience. Either we or Pfizer may terminate the Mirdametinib License Agreement if the other party is in material breach and such breach is not cured within the specified cure period. In addition, either we or Pfizer may terminate the Mirdametinib License Agreement in the event of specified insolvency events involving the other party. If Pfizer terminates the agreement as a result of our uncured material breach or our insolvency, Pfizer retains its license with respect to targets for which it has exercised an option (unless Pfizer elects otherwise), subject to reduced payment obligations. 
 BeiGene clinical collaboration agreement 
 In August 2018, we entered into a clinical collaboration agreement with BeiGene, the BeiGene Collaboration Agreement, to evaluate the safety, tolerability and preliminary efficacy of combining BeiGene s investigational RAF dimer inhibitor, lifirafenib (BGB-283), and mirdametinib, in a Phase 1b clinical trial for patients with advanced or refractory solid tumors. 
 We and BeiGene are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete our respective activities for the clinical trial. BeiGene is responsible for administering the clinical trial and we are responsible for performing the fixed dose formulation activities at our cost. Each party will be solely responsible for its costs associated with manufacturing and supply of its compound for the clinical trial. Upon completion of the clinical trial, if the parties agree that certain pre-defined criteria have been satisfied, the parties will negotiate in good faith a definitive agreement to provide for the expansion of the clinical collaboration and a commercial relationship based on specified principles, provided that neither party is obligated to enter into such definitive agreement. 
 We will share with BeiGene equally the costs associated with the clinical trial. The collaboration is managed by a joint steering committee of equal representation from us and BeiGene. 
 During a specified exclusivity period, neither party will develop or commercialize the other party s compound. Further, for a certain period following the effective date of the agreement, neither party will clinically develop (or prepare to clinically develop) or commercialize the combination of certain inhibitors in any form, or any products containing any such combination, except as permitted by the BeiGene Collaboration Agreement. 
 Unless earlier terminated, the BeiGene Collaboration Agreement will expire on the one-year anniversary of the date that BeiGene provides the final clinical trial report for the clinical trial to us. Either party may terminate the BeiGene Collaboration Agreement as follows: (i) either party entirely ceases all development of its compound, (ii) either party reasonably concludes that there is a patient safety issue or (iii) if a regulatory authority withdraws approval for either party s compound or the clinical trial. Either party may also terminate the BeiGene Collaboration Agreement if the other party is in material breach and such breach is not cured within the specified cure period. 
 GlaxoSmithKline clinical collaboration agreement and amendment 
 In June 2019, we entered into a clinical trial collaboration and supply agreement with GSK, the GSK Collaboration Agreement, to evaluate nirogacestat in combination with belantamab mafodotin (belamaf), GSK s BCMA ADC, in an adaptive Phase 1b clinical trial in patients with RRMM. 
 In October 2021, we amended the GSK Collaboration Agreement to add additional dosing regimens to the ongoing clinical trial evaluating the combination of nirogacestat and belamaf and to collaborate on additional trials evaluating the combination with other pharmaceutical agents for relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma. With this amendment, we announced the initiation of an expanded Phase 2 cohort from the first combination dose level that evaluated 0.95 mg/kg Q3W belamaf plus nirogacestat based on encouraging preliminary data observed in the Phase 1 cohort. The expanded Phase 2 cohort is further exploring the safety and efficacy profile compared to a 2.5 mg/kg Q3W belamaf monotherapy control arm, which is the same as the FDA approved monotherapy dose and schedule of belamaf. We also announced the addition of two new sub-studies that will explore belamaf plus nirogacestat in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone and in combination with lenalidomide plus dexamethasone in patients with RRMM. We believe that data from these sub-studies may enable future clinical trials in earlier lines of multiple myeloma. The amendment did not amend or modify the operational or financial responsibilities of the parties. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 In September 2022, we expanded the GSK Collaboration Agreement to include the potential for continued development and commercialization of the combination of belamaf and nirogacestat in earlier lines of treatment, including in newly diagnosed multiple myeloma patients. Under the expanded agreement, we continue to retain full commercial rights to nirogacestat. Additionally, we will continue to supply nirogacestat for future belamaf clinical trials and will seek to make nirogacestat commercially available in markets where approval has been sought by GSK for a combination with belamaf. GSK funds all development costs related to the combination regimen study, except for those related to the supply of nirogacestat and certain expenses related to intellectual property rights. We are responsible for costs to commercialize nirogacestat as part of the combination regimen. 
 
 Other clinical collaboration agreements related to nirogacestat and BCMA-directed therapy combination development 
 
 In addition to the GSK Collaboration Agreement, we have entered into several other clinical trial collaboration and supply agreements with industry partners to evaluate nirogacestat in combination with BCMA-directed therapies of various modalities, including CAR T-cell therapies, bispecific antibodies and monoclonal antibodies, in patients with RRMM. 
 
 Each partner is responsible for administering the clinical trials to evaluate its respective BCMA-directed therapy in combination with nirogacestat and is responsible for all costs associated with the direct conduct of the clinical trial, other than the manufacture and supply of nirogacestat and certain expenses related to intellectual property rights. Each collaboration is managed by a joint committee of our representatives and those of the respective partners. 
 
 Unless earlier terminated, each collaboration agreement will expire upon completion of the analyses contemplated by the clinical trial. Either we or the respective counterparty may terminate the collaboration agreement for other reasons specified within the collaboration agreement. 
 Jazz Pharmaceuticals asset purchase and exclusive license agreement 
 In October 2020, we announced an asset purchase and exclusive license agreement with Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, or Jazz, the Jazz Agreement, pursuant to which Jazz acquired our fatty acid amide hydrolase, or FAAH, inhibitor program including PF-04457845. Jazz made an upfront payment of 35 million to us with potential future payments of up to 375 million based upon the achievement of certain clinical development, regulatory, and commercial milestones. In addition, Jazz is obligated to pay us sales-based royalties on future net sales of PF-04457845. 
 Pursuant to the Jazz Agreement, Jazz is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for at least one product in the U.S. and if regulatory approval is obtained, to commercialize such product in the U.S. 
 Unless earlier terminated, the Jazz Agreement shall remain in effect on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the royalty term for such product in such country, as defined in the Jazz Agreement. Either party may terminate the Jazz Agreement if either party commits a material breach of the Jazz Agreement that is not cured within a certain time period. Jazz may terminate the Jazz Agreement for any reason so long as it provides advance written notice to us as specified in such agreement. 
 TEAD inhibitor portfolio license agreement 
 
 In May 2021, we announced an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, or KU Leuven, and the Flanders Institute for Biotechnology, or VIB, pursuant to which we in-licensed a portfolio of novel small molecule inhibitors of the TEA Domain, or TEAD, family of transcription factors, designed for the potential treatment of biomarker-defined solid tumors driven by aberrant Hippo pathway signaling. Under the terms of the agreement, we made an upfront payment of 11 million to KU Leuven and VIB. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, KU Leuven and VIB are also eligible to receive up to 285 million in development, regulatory and commercial milestones and tiered single-digit percentage royalties based on any future net sales of products developed based on the in-licensed technology. 
 
 EGFR inhibitor portfolio license agreement and sponsored research agreement 
 
 In October 2021, we announced an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, or Dana-Farber, pursuant to which we in-licensed a portfolio of novel small molecule inhibitors of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor, or EGFR, designed for the treatment of EGFR-mutant lung cancers. Under the terms of the agreement, we made an upfront payment to Dana-Farber. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Dana-Farber is also eligible to receive development and commercial milestones and royalties based on any future net sales of products developed based on the in-licensed technology. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Concurrent with this license agreement, we entered a multi-year sponsored research agreement with Stanford Medicine to fund continued research and development in a laboratory at Stanford Medicine as well as collaborating laboratories at Dana-Farber. This sponsored research agreement is intended to support lead optimization and translational biology efforts as the EGFR inhibitor portfolio advances towards development candidate nomination. 
 Manufacturing 
 We rely on third parties to manufacture all of our assets. We have entered into agreements with contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, to produce drug substance and drug product for the nirogacestat, mirdametinib and TEAD programs. We require all of our CMOs to conduct manufacturing activities in compliance with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, requirements. We currently rely solely on these CMOs for scale-up and process development work and to produce sufficient quantities of our product candidates for use in preclinical studies and clinical trials. We anticipate that these CMOs will have the capacity to support both clinical supply and commercial-scale production. We have entered into agreements for the commercial supply of nirogacestat drug substance and finished product. We intend to seek to enter into such arrangements, including potentially for back-up sources of supply, on a timely basis in light of anticipated commercial needs. 
 Sales and marketing 
 If any of our product candidates are approved, we intend to market and commercialize them in the U.S. and select international markets, either alone or in partnership with others. 
 Many desmoid tumor and NF1-PN patients are managed by specialist physicians, including oncologists, medical geneticists and neurologists, and therefore we believe can be reached with a targeted sales force. 
 For our product candidates being explored in combination with other agents or in highly prevalent diseases, we intend to establish commercialization strategies for each in collaboration with our partner as we approach potential marketing approval and will share responsibilities in a manner that takes into account our respective commercial infrastructures, competencies and country-specific expertise. 
 Educational and patient initiatives 
 We actively collaborate with desmoid tumor and NF1-PN constituents through a number of initiatives, including participation in patient meetings and educational initiatives. Examples of such constituents include the Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation, COG and Children s Tumor Foundation. We undertake these activities in order to better understand the burdens and unmet needs these patients face so that we can more effectively facilitate their access to our product candidates, if approved. In each of these disease areas we will support disease awareness and diagnosis and subsequent treatment of identified patients, by providing information, increasing physician awareness and creating more efficient referral pathways. In furtherance of these objectives, we have launched a broad multi-channel company-sponsored disease education campaign for desmoid tumors to support patients, physicians, and caregivers. 
 Competition 
 The pharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapid evolution of technologies and intense competition. While we believe that our product candidates, technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face competition from major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions, among others. 
 Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with approved treatment options, including off-label therapies, and new therapies that may become available in the future. Key considerations that would impact our ability to effectively compete with other therapies include the efficacy, safety, method of administration, cost, level of promotional activity and intellectual property protection of our products. Many of the companies against which we may compete have significantly greater financial resources and expertise than we do in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products. 
 Nirogacestat in Desmoid Tumors 
 There are no therapies currently approved by the FDA for the treatment of desmoid tumors. We are aware that other companies are, or may be, developing products for this indication, including, but not limited to, Ayala Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Bayer Corporation, Cellestia Biotech AG and Iterion Therapeutics, Inc. We are also aware of several therapies, some of which are 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 generic, that are used off-label for the treatment of desmoid tumors. These therapies include chemotherapeutic agents, such as liposomal doxorubicin and vinblastine/methotrexate, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, anti-hormonal therapies and tyrosine kinase inhibitors, such as sorafenib, imatinib and pazopanib. 
 Mirdametinib in NF1-PN 
 AstraZeneca PLC s Koselugo is currently the only therapy approved by the FDA for the treatment of NF1-PN. We are aware that other companies are, or may be, developing products for this indication, including, but not limited to, Array BioPharma Inc. (a subsidiary of Pfizer), Daiichi Sankyo Co., Ltd., Exelixis, Inc., Infixion Bioscience, Inc., NFlection Therapeutics, Inc., Novartis International AG, Pasithea Therapeutics Corp. and Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. We are also aware of several therapies, some of which are generic, that are used off-label for the treatment of NF1-PN. These therapies include radiotherapy and various systemic treatments, such as chemotherapy and immunotherapy. 
 BCMA-Targeted Therapies and GSI Combinations in Multiple Myeloma 
 For the treatment of multiple myeloma, we are aware that other companies are or may be developing other gamma secretase inhibitors in combination with BCMA-targeted therapies. This includes, but is not limited to, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. 
 Mirdametinib and BGB-3245 in MAPK-aberrant Cancers 
 For our biomarker-defined solid tumor portfolio, we are aware that other companies are or may be developing products for the treatment of solid tumors with specific mutations or aberrations that are being targeted by our programs. Multiple products are in development targeting RAS mutations, RAF mutations and other MAPK aberrations, including, but not limited to, those from Amgen Inc., AstraZeneca PLC, Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, Day One Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Erasca, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Fore Biotherapeutics Inc., Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Kinnate Biopharma Inc., Merck Co., Inc., Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., Moderna Inc., Novartis International AG, Pfizer, Revolution Medicines, Inc., TheRas, Inc. and Wellspring Biosciences, Inc. There may be additional companies with programs suitable for addressing these patient populations that could be competitive with our efforts but that have not yet disclosed specific clinical development plans. 
 TEAD Inhibitor Program 
 We are aware of other TEAD palmitoylation inhibitors in early-stage development, including, but not limited to, product candidates from Cedilla Therapeutics, Ikena Oncology, Inc., Inventiva S.A., Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd., Genentech, Inc. and Vivace Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Smaller or early-stage companies, including oncology-focused therapeutics companies, may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These companies may also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites, enrolling patients in clinical trials and acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 The availability of reimbursement from government and private payors will also significantly impact the pricing and competitiveness of our products. Our competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approvals for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approvals for our product candidates, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Intellectual property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, manufacturing and process discoveries and other know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. We plan to protect our proprietary position using a variety of methods, which include pursuit of U.S. and foreign patent applications related to proprietary technology, inventions and improvements, such as compositions of matter and methods-of-use, that we determine are important to the development and implementation of our business. For example, we, our licensors, or our collaborators currently have, or are pursuing, patents covering the composition of matter for our product candidates and we plan to generally pursue patent protection covering methods-of-use for one or more clinical programs. We also rely on trade secrets, trademarks, know-how, continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 
 Patents 
 28 

Table of Contents 

At the time we were formed in August 2017, we entered into license agreements with Pfizer for our lead product candidates, pursuant to which we acquired exclusive worldwide rights under Pfizer patents and know-how to develop, manufacture and commercialize our lead product candidates. 
 
 We have exclusive licenses under the Nirogacestat License Agreement to patent rights in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions relating to nirogacestat. The patent rights in-licensed under the Nirogacestat License Agreement include six granted patents in the U.S. (with the agreement originally covering three such patents, and three additional patents having been subsequently granted based on work conducted by us and with Pfizer s consent) and more than 25 patents granted in foreign jurisdictions including Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom and Japan. U.S. patents covering nirogacestat as a composition of matter have a statutory expiration date in 2025, U.S. patents that cover polymorphic forms of nirogacestat, including the form that is in clinical development expire in 2039, and a U.S. patent that covers pharmaceutical compositions expires in 2042, in each case, not including patent term adjustment or any regulatory extensions, with foreign counterparts pending. If we are successful in obtaining regulatory approval of nirogacestat for the treatment of desmoid tumors, we expect to rely on orphan drug exclusivity, which generally grants seven years of marketing exclusivity in the U.S. and 10 years of marketing exclusivity in Europe. See License and collaboration agreements Pfizer license agreements above for additional information on our rights under the Nirogacestat License Agreement. Nirogacestat received Orphan Drug Designation in the U.S. for the treatment of desmoid tumors and from the European Commission for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma. 
 
 We have exclusive licenses under the Mirdametinib License Agreement to patent rights in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions relating to mirdametinib. The patent rights in-licensed under the Mirdametinib License Agreement include granted patents based on work conducted by us and Pfizer and include four U.S. patents that cover polymorphic forms of mirdametinib, including the form that is currently in clinical development, methods of treatment with the polymorphic forms, and a U.S. patent that covers pharmaceutical compositions expire in 2041, in each case not including any regulatory extensions, with foreign counterparts pending. If we are successful in obtaining regulatory approval of mirdametinib for the treatment of NF1, we expect to rely on orphan drug exclusivity, which generally grants seven years of marketing exclusivity in the U.S. and 10 years of marketing exclusivity in Europe. See License and collaboration agreements Pfizer license agreements above for additional information on our rights under the Mirdametinib License Agreement. The FDA has granted mirdametinib Orphan Drug Designation for NF1-PN, and the European Commission has granted mirdametinib Orphan Drug Designation for NF1. 
 
 For combination therapeutics involving nirogacestat or mirdametinib, there may be opportunities to enhance our patent estate, which we will explore. There can be no assurance that patents will issue from any of these efforts. 
 Trade secrets 
 In addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. We typically rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. We protect trade secrets and know-how by establishing confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors and partners. These agreements generally provide that all confidential information developed or made known during the course of an individual or entity s relationship with us must be kept confidential during and after the relationship. These agreements also generally provide that all inventions resulting from work performed for us or relating to our business and conceived or completed during the period of employment or assignment, as applicable, shall be our exclusive property. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our proprietary information by third parties. 
 Coverage, pricing and reimbursement 
 Successful commercialization of new drug products depends in part on the extent to which reimbursement for those drug products will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drug products they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. The availability and extent of reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford a drug product. Sales of drug products depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of drug products are paid for by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. 
 A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular drug products. In 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 many countries, the prices of drug products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In general, the prices of drug products under such systems are substantially lower than in the U.S. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for drug products, but monitor and control company profits. Accordingly, in markets outside the U.S., the reimbursement for drug products may be reduced compared with the U.S. In the U.S., the principal decisions about reimbursement for new drug products are typically made by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new drug product will be covered and reimbursed under certain federal governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare, and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. However, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors and coverage and reimbursement levels for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. In the U.S., the process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a biological product typically is separate from the process for setting the price of such product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. With respect to biologics, third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication, or place products at certain formulary levels that result in lower reimbursement levels and higher cost sharing obligation imposed on patients. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover our product candidates could reduce physician utilization of a product. Moreover, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable a manufacturer to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on its investment in product development. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular medical product does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product, or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process usually requires manufacturers to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of their products to each payor separately and is a time-consuming process. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 
 safe, effective and medically necessary; 
 appropriate for the specific patient; 
 cost-effective; and 
 neither experimental nor investigational. 
 Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of pharmaceutical products, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover that product after FDA approval or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a manufacturer to sell its product at a profit. 
 In addition, in many foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. In the European Union, or EU, governments influence the price of products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed to by the government. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription products, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 
 Government regulation 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Government authorities in the U.S. at the federal, state and local level and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the EU, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug products, such as nirogacestat, mirdametinib and our other product candidates. Generally, before a new drug can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority and submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. 
 Clinical trials 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by, or under control of, the trial sponsor, in accordance with Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative, and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. Information about most clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is made public as part of the registration of the clinical trial. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability and safety of the drug. 
 Phase 2 clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. At the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety risks are identified, and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. 
 Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a larger number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval. These trials may include comparisons with placebo and/or other comparator treatments. The duration of treatment is often extended to mimic the actual use of a product during marketing. 
 A registrational trial is a clinical trial that adequately meets regulatory agency requirements for the evaluation of a drug candidate s efficacy and safety such that it can be used to justify the approval of the drug. Generally, registrational trials are Phase 3 trials but may be Phase 2 trials if the trial design provides a reliable assessment of clinical benefit, particularly in situations where there is an unmet medical need. 
 Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow up. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of a Biologics License Application, or BLA. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time, or the FDA may impose other sanctions on various grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the requirements of the IRB or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. There are also requirements related to registration and reporting of certain clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. FDA regulation 
 Approval process 
 In the U.S., pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA, and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending New Drug Applications, or NDAs, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 Pharmaceutical product development for a new product or certain changes to an approved product in the U.S. typically involves preclinical laboratory and animal tests, the submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before clinical testing may commence, and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 
 Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal studies to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including good laboratory practices. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 
 A 30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented on nor questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with GCP, an international standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators, and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 
 The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The trial protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an IRB for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, early evidence on effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a compound demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most cases, FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single Phase 3 trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in rare instances where the trial is a large multi-center trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically or ethically impossible. 
 
 Pursuant to the 21st Century Cures Act, which was enacted on December 13, 2016, the manufacturer of an investigational drug for a serious or life-threatening disease is required to make available, such as by posting on its website, its policy on evaluating 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 and responding to requests for expanded access. This requirement applies on the later of 60 days after the date of enactment or the first initiation of a Phase 2 or Phase 3 trial of the investigational drug. After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA is substantial. The submission of most NDAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, currently 3,242,026 for fiscal year 2023, and the manufacturer and/or sponsor under an approved NDA are also subject to annual program fees for eligible products, which are currently 393,933 for fiscal year 2023. 
 The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of new drug applications. Most such applications for standard review drug products are reviewed within ten to twelve months; most applications for priority review drugs are reviewed in six to eight months. Priority review can be applied to drugs that the FDA determines offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. 
 The FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with cGMP is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 
 After the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. 
 An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals and elements to assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 
 Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. 
 Exclusivity 
 Upon NDA approval of a new chemical entity, or NCE, which is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by FDA in any other NDA, that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which FDA cannot accept any Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, seeking approval of a generic version of that drug. Certain changes to a drug, such as the addition of a new indication to the package insert, are associated with a three-year period of exclusivity during which FDA cannot approve an ANDA for a generic drug that includes the change. 
 An ANDA may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity expires if a Paragraph IV certification is filed. If there is no listed patent in the Orange Book, there may not be a Paragraph IV certification, and, thus, no ANDA may be filed before the expiration of the exclusivity period. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Patent term extension 
 After NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for up to a five-year patent extension for one patent. The allowable patent term extension is calculated as half of the drug s testing phase the time between IND and NDA submission and all of the review phase the time between NDA submission and approval up to a maximum of five years. The time can be shortened if FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed 14 years from approval. 
 For patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office must determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been submitted. 
 Orphan drugs 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant Orphan Drug Designation to drugs or biologics intended to treat a rare disease or condition generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. or affects more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug or therapeutic biologic will be recovered from sales in the U.S. Orphan Drug Designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. Among the other benefits of Orphan Drug Designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA application user fee. After the FDA grants Orphan Drug Designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan Drug Designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first NDA applicant to receive FDA approval for a particular active ingredient to treat a particular disease with FDA Orphan Drug Designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the U.S. for that product, for that indication. During the seven-year exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same disease, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Such a designation, may also be revoked by the FDA in certain circumstances, such as if the agency finds that the applicant s request for designation request omitted material information required under the Orphan Drug Act and its implementing regulations. 
 Fast Track Designation and accelerated approval 
 The FDA is required to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment, and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Fast Track Designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. 
 In addition to other benefits such as the ability to engage in more frequent interactions with the FDA, the FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track drug s NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA is submitted. Additionally, the Fast Track Designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 
 Under the FDA s accelerated approval regulations, the FDA may approve a drug for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 
 In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint and, under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022, or FDORA, the FDA is now permitted to require, as appropriate, that such trials be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date of approval for a product granted accelerated approval. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis, and under FDORA, the FDA has increased authority for expedited procedures to do so. In addition, for products being considered for accelerated approval, the FDA generally requires, unless otherwise informed by the agency, that all advertising and promotional materials intended for dissemination or publication within 120 days of marketing approval be submitted to the agency for review during the pre-approval review period. 
 Breakthrough therapy designation 
 Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA provides more extensive development consultation opportunities with FDA senior staff, allows for the rolling review of the drug s application for approval and indicates that the product could be eligible for priority review, if supported by clinical data at the time of application submission for drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the breakthrough therapy program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a breakthrough therapy concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Breakthrough Therapy Designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. 
 Disclosure of clinical trial information 
 Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration of the trial on clinicaltrials.gov. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. 
 Post-approval requirements 
 Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, and compliance with applicable tracking and tracing requirements. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There are continuing, annual user fee requirements for any marketed products. 
 The FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an NDA. For example, the FDA may require post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. 
 FDA regulations require that products be manufactured in specific facilities and in accordance with cGMP regulations which require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance, the maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. In addition, drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs, and those supplying products, ingredients and components of them, are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP requirements and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 
 Once an approval of a drug is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in mandatory revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 restrictions under a REMS program. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 Restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 
 Fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 
 Refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or withdrawal of product approvals; 
 Product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and 
 Injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted by a manufacturer and any third parties acting on behalf of a manufacturer only for the approved indications and in a manner consistent with the approved label for the product. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. 
 EU regulation 
 In the EU, our product candidates also may be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. As in the U.S., medicinal products can be marketed only if a marketing authorization from the competent regulatory agencies has been obtained. 
 Similar to the U.S., the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. 
 In April 2014, the new Clinical Trials Regulation, (EU) No 536/2014 was adopted, and it came into effect on January 31, 2022, repealing the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC. The Clinical Trials Regulation is directly applicable in all the EU Member States meaning no national implementing legislation in each EU Member State is required. The transitory provisions of the new Clinical Trials Regulation provide that ongoing clinical trials previously authorized under the Directive can remain under the Directive, or they can transition to the Regulation. By January 31, 2025, all ongoing clinical trials must have transitioned to the new Regulation. 
 
 The new Clinical Trials Regulation aims to simplify and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the EU. The main characteristics of the Regulation include: a streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point through the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts (Part I contains scientific and medicinal product documentation and Part II contains the national and patient-level documentation). Part I is assessed by a coordinated review by the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted (Member States concerned) of a draft report prepared by a Reference Member State. Part II is assessed separately by each Member State concerned. Strict deadlines have been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. The role of the relevant ethics committees in the assessment procedure will continue to be governed by the national law of the concerned EU Member State. However, overall related timelines will be defined by the Clinical Trials Regulation. 
 To obtain a marketing authorization of a drug in the EU, we may submit MAAs, either under the so-called centralized or national authorization procedures. 
 Centralized procedure 
 The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization following a favorable opinion by the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, that is valid in all EU Member States, as well as the additional Member States of the European Economic Area (Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway). The centralized procedure is compulsory for medicines produced by specified biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy medicines (such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines) and products with a new active 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 substance indicated for the treatment of specified diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders or autoimmune diseases and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products with a new active substance indicted for other diseases, or products that represent a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or whose authorization would be in the interest of public health. Under the centralized procedure the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA, is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the Committee of Medicinal Products for Human Use, or the CHMP. Accelerated assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. The timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA under the accelerated assessment procedure is of 150 days, excluding clock stops. 
 National authorization procedures 
 There are also two other possible routes to authorize medicinal products in several EU countries, which are available for investigational medicinal products that fall outside the scope of the centralized procedure: 
 Decentralized procedure. Using the decentralized procedure, an applicant may apply for simultaneous authorization in more than one EU country of medicinal products that have not yet been authorized in any EU country and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. 
 Mutual recognition procedure. In the mutual recognition procedure, a medicine is first authorized in one EU Member State, in accordance with the national procedures of that country. Following this, further marketing authorizations can be sought from other EU countries in a procedure whereby the countries concerned agree to recognize the validity of the original, national marketing authorization. 
 Under the above described procedures, before granting a marketing authorization, the EMA or the competent authorities of the EU Member States make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. 
 EU regulatory exclusivity 
 In the EU, new products authorized for marketing (i.e., reference products) qualify for eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity upon marketing authorization. The data exclusivity period prevents generic applicants from relying on the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic marketing authorization in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial authorization of the reference product in the EU. The ten-year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. 
 EU orphan designation and exclusivity 
 The criteria for designating an orphan medicinal product in the EU, are similar in principle to those in the U.S. Under Article 3 of Regulation (EC) 141/2000, a medicinal product may be designated as orphan if (i) it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (ii) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify investment; and (iii) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU, or if such a method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition, as defined in Regulation (EC) 847/2000. Orphan medicinal products are eligible for financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and are, upon grant of a marketing authorization, entitled to ten years of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication. The application for orphan designation must be submitted before the application for marketing authorization. The applicant will receive a fee reduction for the marketing authorization application if the orphan designation has been granted, but not if the designation is still pending at the time the marketing authorization is submitted. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
 The ten-year market exclusivity in the EU may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation, for example, if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 maintenance of market exclusivity. Additionally, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar medicinal product for the same indication as an authorized orphan product at any time if: 
 the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior than the authorized orphan product; 
 the marketing authorization holder for the authorized orphan product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or 
 the marketing authorization holder for the authorized orphan product cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product. 
 The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area, or EEA, which consists of the EU Member States, plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland. 
 EU pediatric investigation plan 
 In the EU, companies developing a new medicinal product must agree upon a pediatric investigation plan, or PIP, with the EMA s Pediatric Committee, or the PDCO, and must conduct pediatric clinical trials in accordance with that PIP, unless the EMA has granted a product-specific waiver, a class waiver, or a deferral for one or more of the measures included in the PIP. This requirement also applies when a company wants to add a new indication, pharmaceutical form or route of administration for a medicine that is already authorized. The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the drug for which a marketing authorization is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures of the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when this data is not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Products that are granted a marketing authorization with the results of the pediatric clinical trials conducted in accordance with the PIP (even where such results are negative) are eligible for six months supplementary protection certificate extension, provided an application for such extension is made at the same time as filing the SPC application for the product, or at any point up to two years before the SPC expires. In the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of the orphan market exclusivity may be available. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted. 
 Post-Approval Controls 
 
 The holder of a marketing authorization must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports, or PSURs. 
 
 All new MAAs must include a risk management plan, or RMP, describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the marketing authorization. Such risk-minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. RMPs and PSURs are routinely available to third parties requesting access, subject to limited redactions. 
 
 All advertising and promotional activities for the product must be consistent with the approved summary of product characteristics, and therefore all off-label promotion is prohibited. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicines is also prohibited in the EU. Although general requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products are established under EU directives, the details are governed by regulations in each Member State and can differ from one country to another. 
 Other regulations rest of the world 
 For other countries outside of the EU and the U.S., such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Additionally, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with cGCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Other healthcare laws 
 Pharmaceutical companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business that may constrain the financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, as well as sell, market and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing authorization. Such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, and transparency laws and regulations related to drug pricing and payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare providers. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and responsible individuals may be subject to imprisonment. 
 Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the U.S. in addition to the FDA, including CMS, the HHS Office of Inspector General and HHS Office for Civil Rights, other divisions of the HHS and the Department of Justice. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians, and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors, healthcare providers and physicians may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any drugs for which we obtain marketing approval. In the U.S., these laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, false claims, physician transparency, and patient data privacy and security laws and regulations, including but not limited to those described below. 
 The U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or AKS, prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving or providing any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The AKS has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers and beneficiaries on the other hand. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the AKS. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the statute has been violated. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Moreover, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 
 Although we would not submit claims directly to payors, drug manufacturers can be held liable under the federal False Claims Act, which imposes civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities (including manufacturers) for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented to federal programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for items or services, including drugs, that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. The government may deem manufacturers to have caused the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. Several biopharmaceutical, medical device and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under federal false claims and civil monetary penalty laws for, among other things, allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of products for unapproved (e.g., or off-label), and thus non-covered, uses. In addition, the civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person who is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Our future marketing and activities relating to the reporting of wholesaler or estimated retail prices for our products, if approved, the reporting of prices used to calculate Medicaid rebate information and other information affecting federal, state and third-party reimbursement for our products, and the sale and marketing of our product candidates, are subject to scrutiny under these laws. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the AKS, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and certain other healthcare providers. The Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, imposed, among other things, new annual reporting requirements through the Physician Payments Sunshine Act for covered manufacturers for certain payments and transfers of value provided to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations were extended to include transfers of value made to certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners. Failure to submit timely, accurately and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value and ownership or investment interests may result in civil monetary penalties. Covered manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year and the reported information is publicly made available on a searchable website. 
 We may be subject to federal government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs, as well as federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 
 We may also be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final HIPAA Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, impose specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information held by covered entities and their business associates. Among other things, HITECH made HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as independent contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity, although it is unclear that we would be considered a business associate in the normal course of our business. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same requirements, thus complicating compliance efforts. See European data collection below for a discussion of data privacy and security enactments of the EU. 
 For example, California s Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, went into effect in January 2020, and the California Attorney General has since promulgated final regulations. The law provides broad rights to California consumers with respect to the collection and use of their personal information and imposes data protection obligations on certain businesses. While the CCPA does not apply to protected health information that is subject to HIPAA or personal information collected, used or disclosed in research, as defined by federal law, the CCPA may still affect our business activities. Moreover, on November 3, 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, under a ballot initiative. The CPRA amends the existing CCPA to include new consumer rights and additional data protection obligations. The new data protection requirements under the CPRA apply to information collected on or after January 1, 2022. With the promulgation of final regulations, the California State Attorney General has commenced enforcement actions against CCPA violators. The uncertainty surrounding the implementation of CCPA and the amendments under the CPRA exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. The California law further expands the need for privacy and process enhancements and commitment of resources in support of compliance. Moreover, more than ten states have proposed bills in the last year with provisions similar to the CCPA and CPRA. It is likely 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 that other states will pass laws similar to the CCPA and the CPRA in the near future and a federal data protection law may also be on the horizon. 
 Similar state and foreign fraud and abuse laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services. Such laws are generally broad and are enforced by various state agencies and private actions. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. Some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant federal government compliance guidance, and require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures or drug pricing. 
 In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, imprisonment, exclusion of drugs from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 
 European data collection 
 The collection and use of personal health data in or arising from the EU are governed by the provisions of the Data Protection Directive, and the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR. This directive imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, notification of data processing obligations to the competent national data protection authorities and the security and confidentiality of the personal data. The Data Protection Directive and GDPR also impose strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU, to the U.S. Failure to comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Directive, the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EU Member States may result in fines and other administrative penalties. The GDPR introduces new data protection requirements in the EU and substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules. The GDPR regulations may impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, including in respect of clinical trials, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. This may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Current and future legislation 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 In the U.S. and other jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. We expect that current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the price that we, or any collaborators, may receive for any approved products. 
 Payors, whether domestic or foreign, or governmental or private, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs and those methods are not always specifically adapted for new technologies such as gene therapy and therapies addressing rare diseases such as those we are developing. In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. In particular, in 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the ACA, was enacted, which, among other things, subjected biologic products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars; addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs; created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (increased to 70 pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, effective as of January 1, 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, administrative, executive and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an Executive Order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The Executive Order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration or other efforts, if any, to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA will impact our business. 
 Additionally, other federal health reform measures have been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the ACA was enacted: 
 The Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2030, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Following the temporary suspension, a 1 payment reduction will occur beginning April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022, and the 2 payment reduction will resume on July 1, 2022. 
 The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 On April 13, 2017, CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. 
 On May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 On May 23, 2019, CMS published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. 
 On December 20, 2019, former President Trump signed into law the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act (H.R. 1865), which repealed the Cadillac tax, the health insurance provider tax, and the medical device excise tax. It is impossible to determine whether similar taxes could be instated in the future. 
 On March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the Inflation Act, into law, which, among other provisions, includes several measures intended to lower the cost of prescription drugs and related healthcare reforms. These proposals, recommendations and enactments include changes to the existing framework in respect of income taxes, as well as new types of non-income taxes (such as taxes based on a percentage of revenue or taxes applicable to digital services). 
 Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the U.S. with respect to drug pricing practices. Specifically, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. At the federal level, President Biden signed an Executive Order on July 9, 2021 affirming the administration s policy to (i) support legislative reforms that would lower the prices of prescription drug and biologics, including by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices, by imposing inflation caps, and, by supporting the development and market entry of lower-cost generic drugs and biosimilars; and (ii) support the enactment of a public health insurance option. Among other things, the Executive Order also directs HHS to provide a report on actions to combat excessive pricing of prescription drugs, enhance the domestic drug supply chain, reduce the price that the Federal government pays for drugs, and address price gouging in the industry; and directs the FDA to work with states and Indian Tribes that propose to develop section 804 Importation Programs in accordance with the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, and the FDA s implementing regulations. FDA released such implementing regulations on September 24, 2020, which went into effect on November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. On September 25, 2020, CMS stated drugs imported by states under this rule will not be eligible for federal rebates under Section 1927 of the Social Security Act and manufacturers would not report these drugs for best price or Average Manufacturer Price purposes. Since these drugs are not considered covered outpatient drugs, CMS further stated it will not publish a National Average Drug Acquisition Cost for these drugs. If implemented, importation of drugs from Canada may materially and adversely affect the price we receive for any of our product candidates. Further, on November 20, 2020 CMS issued an Interim Final Rule implementing the Most Favored Nation, or MFN, Model under which Medicare Part B reimbursement rates would have been be calculated for certain drugs and biologicals based on the lowest price drug manufacturers receive in Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development countries with a similar gross domestic product per capita. However, on December 29, 2021, CMS rescinded the Most Favored Nations rule. Additionally, on November 30, 2020, HHS published a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers. Pursuant to court order, the removal and addition of the aforementioned safe harbors were delayed and recent legislation imposed a moratorium on implementation of the rule until January 1, 2026. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, and the Biden administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, both the Biden administration and Congress have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 
 We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. Federal Government will pay for healthcare drugs and services, which could result in reduced demand for our drug candidates or additional pricing pressures. 
 Individual states in the U.S. have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our drugs or put pressure on our drug pricing, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 227 full-time employees, of whom, 113 focus on driving forward research and development programs, 36 focus on commercial operations and 78 provide strategic business development, finance and other technical expertise, as well as general and administrative services. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We expect headcount growth to continue for the foreseeable future, particularly as we continue to develop our products and commercialization capabilities. 
 We believe our employees are among the most important assets to our company and are key to achieving our goals and expectations. Accordingly, we focus significant attention on attracting and retaining talented individuals. Our management teams and function leaders regularly review employee engagement and satisfaction surveys and monitor employee turnover rates. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We offer competitive compensation to attract and retain the best people. Our total compensation package includes market-competitive salary, bonuses, and equity. We offer full-time employees equity at the time of hire and through discretionary annual equity grants because we want them to have an ownership stake in the company and to be committed to our long-term success. We offer a wide range of benefits across areas such as health, family, finance, community, and paid time off, including healthcare and wellness benefits, a 401(k) plan, access to legal services, and parental leave. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 Diversity and inclusion are important parts of our culture. We are focused on understanding our diversity and inclusion strengths and opportunities and executing on a strategy to support further progress. We created a number of employee resource groups to foster dialogue and engagement around dimensions of diversity, such as gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or other shared attributes, which we believe help build community and enable opportunities for development. We continue to focus on building a pipeline for talent to create more opportunities for workplace diversity and to support greater representation within the company. 
 Corporate history and information 
 We were originally formed in Delaware in August 2017 and until March 29, 2019, we conducted our business through SpringWorks Therapeutics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Pursuant to the terms of a corporate reorganization and merger that was completed on March 29, 2019, or the Reorganization, all of the equity interests in SpringWorks Therapeutics, LLC were exchanged for the same number and class of newly issued securities of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. and, as a result, SpringWorks Therapeutics, LLC became a wholly owned subsidiary of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. 
 On September 17, 2019, we completed our initial public offering, or IPO, pursuant to which we issued and sold 10,350,000 shares of our common stock, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 1,350,000 additional shares of our common stock, at the public offering price of 18.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds of 169.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. Upon the closing of the IPO, our outstanding convertible preferred stock automatically converted into shares of common stock. 
 On October 13, 2020, we completed a follow-on offering pursuant to which we issued and sold 5,637,254 shares of our common stock, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase 735,294 additional shares of our common stock, at the public offering price of 51.00 per share, resulting in net proceeds of 269.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we sold 2,247,500 shares of our common stock under an at-the-market offering program, or ATM Program, for gross proceeds of 69.7 million, less commissions and other fees of 1.9 million for net proceeds of 67.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 130.3 million remains available under the ATM Program. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

On September 6, 2022, we entered into an expanded global, non-exclusive license and collaboration agreement with GSK, plc, formerly GlaxoSmithKline plc, or GSK, for nirogacestat in combination with belantamab mafodotin (belamaf) and, concurrent with the execution of such agreement, we entered into a stock purchase agreement, or the Stock Purchase Agreement, with an affiliate of GSK, Glaxo Group Limited, or GGL, under which GGL agreed to purchase from us in a private placement transaction 2,050,819 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 75.0 million, or 36.57 per share. 
 
 On September 7, 2022, we and certain accredited investors, or the Investors, entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which we agreed to sell and issue to the Investors in a private placement transaction, or the Private Placement, an aggregate of 8,650,520 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 26.01 per share. In connection with the Private Placement, we received gross proceeds of approximately 225 million, and after deducting commissions and offering costs, net proceeds were approximately 216.8 million. 
 We own various U.S. federal trademark applications and unregistered trademarks, including our company name and our logo. All other trademarks or trade names referred to in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this prospectus supplement are referred to without the symbols and , but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 
 See Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II Item 8 for more information about the above-mentioned transactions. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 100 Washington Blvd, Stamford, CT 06902, and our phone number is (203) 883-9490. Our website address is http://www.springworkstx.com. The information contained in or accessible from our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report, and you should not consider it part of this Annual Report. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet address is www.springworkstx.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, proxy and information statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available through the Investors portion of our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated herein by reference. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC s Interactive Data Electronic Applications system at http://www.sec.gov . All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law. 
 COVID-19 pandemic 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2, was identified in Wuhan, China. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization designated the outbreak of COVID-19, the disease associated with SARS-CoV-2, as a global pandemic. This disease, including emerging variant strains of COVID-19, continues to spread in the areas in which we operate. Governments and businesses around the world have taken unprecedented actions to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, including, but not limited to, shelter- in-place orders, quarantines, significant restrictions on travel, as well as restrictions that prohibit many employees from going to work. Starting at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we initiated a number of business continuity measures to mitigate potential disruption to our operations and in order to preserve the integrity of our research and development programs. Our response has evolved over the course of the COVID-19 pandemic, and we have largely resumed normal operations. To date, we have not experienced any material disruptions to the execution of the research and development activities that we currently have underway; however, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any impacts of emerging variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, we may experience disruptions that could impact our research and development, and commercialization timelines and outcomes. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, along with the impact of emerging variants, on our business. While the extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic impacts our future results will depend on future developments, the pandemic and associated impacts, including the duration, spread and intensity of the pandemic (including any resurgences), the impact of emerging variant strains of the COVID-19 virus and the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, all of which remain uncertain and difficult to predict, could result in a material impact to our business, prospects, future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Careful consideration should be given to the following risk factors, in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, in evaluating the Company and our business. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. If any of the following risks and uncertainties actually occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks described below are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only risks facing the company. New risk factors can emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict the impact that any factor or combination of factors may have on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Summary of company-specific material risk factors 
 We have included a summary of the material risks that we believe are specific to SpringWorks. The summary does not include all material risks associated with our business and is not a conclusive ranking or prioritization of our risk factors. Further, placement of certain of these risks in the summary section as opposed to others does not constitute guidance that the risk factors included in the summary are the only material risks to consider when considering an investment in our securities. We believe that all risk factors presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are important to an understanding of our company and should be given careful consideration. In addition, the summary of company-specific material risks does not include the appropriate level of detail necessary to fully understand these risks, and the corresponding risk factors that follow provide essential detail and context necessary to fully understand and appreciate these company-specific risks associated with our business. 
 Risks related to our research and development 
 Our business is highly dependent on the success of our lead product candidates, nirogacestat and mirdametinib, as well as the other product candidates in our pipeline. If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development of, obtain regulatory approval for, or commercialize, our product candidates, or if we experience delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We were not involved in the early development of our lead product candidates or in the development of third-party agents being developed in combination with our product candidates; therefore, we are dependent on third parties having accurately generated, collected, interpreted and reported data from certain preclinical and clinical trials for our product candidates. 
 If our clinical trials fail to replicate positive results from earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted by us or third parties, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates. 
 Interim topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more data become available, are not necessarily predictive of the final results of the completed study or the results of other ongoing or future studies and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes. 
 Although we have successfully completed the double-blind portion of our DeFi trial, a registrational Phase 3, global, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial, whose open-label extension portion remains ongoing, we have limited experience completing registrational clinical trials, and we may be unable to do so for additional product candidates we may develop. 
 We expect to develop nirogacestat and mirdametinib, and potentially future product candidates, in combination with other therapies, and safety or supply issues with combination use products may delay or prevent development and approval of such product candidates. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in any of our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 The target patient populations of nirogacestat for the treatment of desmoid tumors and mirdametinib for the treatment of NF1-PN are small and have not been definitively determined, and if our estimates of the number of treatable patients is lower than expected, our potential revenues from sales of our product candidates, if approved, and our ability to achieve profitability would be compromised. 
 Risks related to our reliance on third parties 
 We rely on third parties to conduct certain aspects of our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or commercialize, any potential product candidates. 
 Because we rely on third-party manufacturing and supply partners, our supply of preclinical and clinical development materials may become limited or interrupted or may not be of satisfactory quantity or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 Despite entering into commercial manufacturing and supply agreements related to the supply of nirogacestat s active pharmaceutical ingredient and finished nirogacestat drug product, we have not yet manufactured on a commercial 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 scale, nor have we entered into commercial supply arrangements with respect to our other product candidates, and we expect to rely on third parties to produce and process commercial quantities of our product candidates, if approved. 
 We are dependent on a small number of suppliers for some of the materials used to manufacture our product candidates, and on one company for the manufacture of the active pharmaceutical ingredient for each of our product candidates. 
 Our existing and future collaborations are important to our business. If we are unable to maintain our existing collaborations or enter into new collaborations, or if these collaborations are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, our collaborators have broad discretion in many aspects of their performance of collaboration activities and they may take actions with which we do not agree. 
 Risks related to our intellectual property 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties, including from Pfizer Inc., or Pfizer, for our lead product candidates, and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under our patent licenses with third parties, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 Risks related to government regulation 
 We have been granted Orphan Drug Designation for nirogacestat and mirdametinib and may seek Orphan Drug Designation for other product candidates, but we may be unable to obtain or maintain such designation, or the benefits associated with such designation, including the potential for market exclusivity, which may negatively impact our financial performance. 
 A portion of our manufacturing of our lead product candidates takes place in China, with additional capacity sourced from India, through third-party manufacturers. A significant disruption in the operation of those manufacturers, a trade war or political unrest could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks related to managing our business and operations 
 We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 We have no history of commercializing marketed products and we have not yet implemented our commercialization operations. We are preparing for commercialization by investing significant time and money into building these capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will successfully set up our commercialization capabilities. 
 We currently do not have the internal research capabilities required to independently discover new product candidates, and we plan to execute our growth strategy, in part by identifying and in-licensing or acquiring additional product candidates that have been discovered and initially developed by others. We may not be successful in executing our growth strategy or such growth strategy may not deliver the anticipated results. 
 Our current operations are concentrated in two locations, and we or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by natural disasters, including those that may be related to climate change, or other unforeseeable or uncontrollable events, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Risks related to our financial position and need for additional capital 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will incur net losses in the future. 
 We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our prospects and likelihood of success. 
 We will require additional capital to fund our operations and if we fail to obtain necessary capital, we will not be able to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 Risks related to our common stock 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our bylaws designate certain specified courts as the sole and exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Company-specific material risk factors 
 Risks related to our research and development 
 Our business is highly dependent on the success of our lead product candidates, nirogacestat and mirdametinib, as well as the other product candidates in our pipeline. If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development of, obtain regulatory approval for, or commercialize, our product candidates, or if we experience delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 Our future success and ability to generate revenue from our product candidates, which we do not expect will occur for several years, if ever, is dependent on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize one or more product candidates. In July 2020, we announced full enrollment in our registrational Phase 3 clinical trial of nirogacestat and we announced the initiation of a potentially registrational Phase 2b clinical trial of mirdametinib in October 2019. In May 2022, we announced positive topline results from our Phase 3 clinical trial of nirogacestat, and in September 2022, we presented additional data from the Phase 3 trial at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress. We submitted a New Drug Application, or NDA, for nirogacestat to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in December 2022. In February 2023, the NDA filing was accepted by the FDA and granted priority review with an assigned Prescription Drug User Fee Action, or PDUFA, target action date of August 27, 2023. If either of our lead product candidates encounter safety or efficacy problems, development delays or regulatory issues or other problems, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, our development plans and business would be significantly harmed. 
 All of our other product candidates are in earlier stages of development and will require substantial additional investment for preclinical development, clinical development, regulatory review and approval in one or more jurisdictions. 
 We may not have the financial resources to continue the development of, or to modify existing or enter into new collaborations for, a product candidate if we experience any issues that delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, our product candidates, including: 
 our inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and effective; 
 our ability to establish commercial manufacturing processes and product supply arrangements; 
 insufficiency of our financial and other resources to complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 negative or inconclusive results from our preclinical studies, clinical trials or the clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or abandon a program; 
 product-related adverse events experienced by subjects in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs or therapeutic biologics similar to our product candidates; 
 delays in submitting an Investigational New Drug application, or IND, or comparable foreign applications, or delays or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial or a suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 
 conditions imposed by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or comparable foreign regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 
 poor effectiveness of our product candidates during clinical trials; 
 better than expected performance of control arms, such as placebo groups, which could lead to negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials; 
 delays in enrolling subjects in clinical trials; 
 high drop-out rates of subjects from clinical trials; 
 inadequate supply or quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 
 greater than anticipated clinical trial or manufacturing costs; 
 unfavorable FDA, EMA, or comparable regulatory authority inspection and review of a clinical trial site; 
 failure of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all; 
 delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally or with respect to our therapies in particular; or 
 varying interpretations of data by the FDA, EMA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 We were not involved in the early development of our lead product candidates or in the development of third-party agents being developed in combination with our product candidates; therefore, we are dependent on third parties having accurately generated, collected, interpreted and reported data from certain preclinical and clinical trials for our product candidates. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 We had no involvement with or control over the initial preclinical and clinical development of any of our lead product candidates or third-party agents being developed in combination with our product candidates. We are dependent on third parties having conducted their research and development in accordance with the applicable protocols and legal, regulatory and scientific standards; having accurately reported the results of all preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted with respect to such product candidates; and having correctly collected and interpreted the data from these trials. If these activities were not compliant, accurate or correct, the clinical development, regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates will be adversely affected. 
 If our clinical trials fail to replicate positive results from earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted by us or third parties, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates. 
 Our preclinical studies or early clinical trials of our product candidates, whether conducted by us or third parties, may not necessarily be predictive of the results of later clinical trials that we conduct. Similarly, even if we are able to complete our planned clinical trials of our product candidates, positive results from such clinical trials may not be replicated in our subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trials. 
 Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authority approval. Furthermore, the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval, which may lead to the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities delaying, limiting or denying approval of our product candidates. 
 Interim topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more data become available, are not necessarily predictive of the final results of the completed study or the results of other ongoing or future studies and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose interim topline or preliminary data from our clinical trials, such as the interim data updates from adult patients in the ReNeu trial, our Phase 2b clinical trial of mirdametinib announced in February 2021 and June 2021, and positive topline results from the double-blind portion of the DeFi trial and additional data from the DeFi trial, which were presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress in September 2022. Interim updates are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the data and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, any topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. For example, our interim data from the ReNeu trial reflected results from the first adult patients enrolled in the trial, but we have not yet reported final data from this trial across all patients, and those results may materially differ from our data in adults. Interim topline or preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim topline or preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. In addition, we may report interim analyses of only certain endpoints rather than all endpoints. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. As a result, interim data may not be predictive of the final results of the same study or the results of ongoing or future studies. Differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects and may cause the trading price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. 
 Furthermore, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is typically selected from a more extensive amount of available information. You or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product, product candidate or our business. If the interim topline or preliminary data that we report differ from late, final or actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 approval for, and commercialize, the product candidate being studied or any of our other product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Although we have successfully completed the double-blind portion of our DeFi trial, whose open-label extension portion remains ongoing, we have limited experience completing registrational clinical trials, and we may be unable to do so for additional product candidates we may develop. 
 We will need to successfully complete registrational clinical trials in order to obtain the approval of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to market any product candidates. Carrying out clinical trials, including later-stage registrational clinical trials, is a complicated process. Although we reported positive topline data from the double-blind portion of the DeFi trial in May 2022 and additional data from the DeFi trial at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress in September 2022, which supported our NDA submission for nirogacestat in December 2022, which was accepted by the FDA in February 2023 and granted priority review with an assigned PDUFA target action date of August 27, 2023, as an organization, we have limited experience completing registrational clinical trials. We will need to continue to build and expand our clinical development and regulatory capabilities, and we may be unable to recruit and train qualified personnel. We also expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize any potential product candidates. Consequently, we may be unable to successfully and efficiently execute and complete necessary clinical trials in a way that leads to an NDA submission and approval of our product candidates. We may require more time and incur greater costs than our competitors and may not succeed in obtaining regulatory approval of any product candidates that we develop. Failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our planned clinical trials, could prevent us from or delay us in commercializing our product candidates. 
 We expect to develop nirogacestat and mirdametinib, and potentially future product candidates, in combination with other therapies, and safety or supply issues with combination use products may delay or prevent development and approval of such product candidates. 
 We intend to develop nirogacestat and mirdametinib, and likely other future product candidates, in combination with one or more other approved or unapproved rational therapies to treat cancer or other diseases. For example, we are currently evaluating mirdametinib in combination with lifirafenib, BeiGene Ltd. s, or BeiGene's, RAF dimer inhibitor, and nirogacestat in combination with several BCMA-directed therapies across modalities through our collaborations with industry leaders developing such therapies. 
 We will not be able to market and sell nirogacestat, mirdametinib or any product candidate we develop in combination with an unapproved rational therapy to treat cancer for a combination indication if that unapproved cancer therapy does not ultimately obtain marketing approval either alone or in combination with our product. In addition, unapproved cancer therapies face the same risks described herein elsewhere with respect to our product candidates currently in development and clinical trials, including the potential for serious adverse effects, delay in the clinical trials and lack of FDA approval. 
 Even if any product candidate we develop were to receive marketing approval or be commercialized for use in combination with other existing therapies, we would continue to be subject to the risks that the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities outside of the United States, or U.S., could revoke approval of the therapy used in combination with our product or that safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues could arise with any of those existing therapies. If the therapies we use in combination with our product candidates are replaced as the standard of care for the indications we choose for any of our product candidates, the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional clinical trials. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in our own products, if approved, being removed from the market or being less successful commercially. 
 If the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities do not approve these other drugs or revoke their approval of, or if safety, efficacy, quality, manufacturing or supply issues arise with, the drugs we choose to evaluate in combination with our product candidate we develop, we may be unable to obtain approval of or market such combination therapy. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in any of our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including: 
 the patient eligibility and exclusion criteria defined in the protocol; 
 the size of the patient population required for analysis of the clinical trial s primary endpoints; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 delays in our research programs or clinical supply chain resulting from factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the proximity of patients to clinical trial sites; 
 the design of the clinical trial; 
 our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience, and the ability of these investigators to identify and enroll suitable patients; 
 perception of the safety profile of our product candidates; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 
 the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 
 For example, we are developing nirogacestat for the treatment of desmoid tumors and mirdametinib for the treatment of NF1-PN, both of which are rare diseases with small patient populations. As a result, although we have completed enrollment in our DeFi and ReNeu trials, we may encounter difficulties enrolling subjects in our other clinical trials for these product candidates due, in part, to the small size of these patient populations. In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a clinical trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials in such clinical trial site. In addition, in the case of mirdametinib, we may face difficulty with enrollment due to physician or patient perception of an adverse tolerability profile. 
 Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of our clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. 
 The target patient populations of nirogacestat for the treatment of desmoid tumors and mirdametinib for the treatment of NF1-PN are small and have not been definitively determined, and if our estimates of the number of treatable patients is lower than expected, our potential revenues from sales of our product candidates, if approved, and our ability to achieve profitability would be compromised. 
 Our estimates of both the number of patients who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the subset of patients with these diseases in a position to receive our product candidates, if approved, are based on our beliefs and estimates, and these estimates may prove to be incorrect. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, input from physicians that treat patients with the diseases we are targeting, patient foundations and secondary market research databases. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases, and any regulatory approvals that we may receive for a product candidate may include limitations for use or contraindications that decrease the addressable patient population. Accordingly, the target patient populations may turn out to be lower than expected, in which case the potential revenues from sales of our product candidates, if approved, would be lower than expected. 
 Risks related to our reliance on third parties 
 We rely on third parties to conduct certain aspects of our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or commercialize, any potential product candidates. 
 We depend upon third parties to conduct certain aspects of our preclinical studies and depend on third parties, including independent investigators, to conduct our clinical trials under agreements with universities, medical institutions, contract research organizations, or CROs, strategic partners and others. We expect to negotiate budgets and contracts with such third parties, which may result in delays to our development timelines and increased costs. 
 We commenced operations in August 2017, and we continue to build our infrastructure and hire personnel necessary to execute our operational plans. We rely especially heavily on third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and, as a result, may have limited control over the clinical investigators and limited visibility into their day-to-day activities, including with respect to their compliance with the approved clinical protocol. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and these third parties are required to comply with good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP requirements through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, clinical investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to suspend or terminate these 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 trials or perform additional preclinical studies or clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot be certain that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCP requirements. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, requirements and may require a large number of patients. 
 Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be adversely affected if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
 Any third parties conducting aspects of our preclinical studies or our clinical trials will not be our employees and, except for remedies that may be available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our preclinical studies and clinical programs. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other product development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the preclinical or clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our development timelines, including clinical development timelines, may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed or precluded entirely. 
 If any of our relationships with these third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, or others terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or other third parties or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management s time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO begins work. As a result, delays may occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired development timelines. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken in response have also had a significant impact on our CROs, and we expect that they may face further disruption in light of resurgences of COVID-19 and emerging variant strains thereof, recent acceleration of the spread of more transmissible variants of COVID-19 in the areas in which we operate, stagnant vaccination rates and related factors, which may affect our ability to initiate and complete our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, investigators and other third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Because we rely on third-party manufacturing and supply partners, our supply of preclinical and clinical development materials may become limited or interrupted or may not be of satisfactory quantity or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 We rely on third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture all of our preclinical and clinical trial product supplies. We do not own manufacturing facilities for producing any product supplies. There can be no assurance that our preclinical and clinical development product supplies will not be limited, interrupted, of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices. In particular, any replacement of our manufacturers could require significant effort and expertise because there may be a limited number of qualified replacements. 
 The manufacturing process for a product candidate is subject to FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authority review. Suppliers and manufacturers must meet applicable manufacturing requirements and undergo rigorous facility and process validation tests required by regulatory authorities in order to comply with regulatory standards, such as cGMPs. In the event that any of our manufacturers fails to comply with such requirements or to perform its obligations to us in relation to quality, timing or otherwise, or if our supply of components or other materials becomes limited or interrupted for other reasons, we may be forced to manufacture the materials ourselves, for which we currently do not have the capabilities or resources, or enter into an agreement with another third party, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. In either scenario, our clinical trials supply could be delayed significantly as we establish alternative supply sources. In some cases, the technical skills or technology required to manufacture our product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills or technology to another third party and a feasible alternative may not exist. These factors would increase our reliance on such manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such manufacturer in order to have another third-party manufacture our product candidates. If we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. The delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could negatively affect our ability to develop 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 product candidates in a timely manner or within budget. Furthermore, a manufacturer may possess technology related to the manufacture of our product candidate that such manufacturer owns independently. This would increase our reliance on such manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such manufacturer in order to have another manufacturer manufacture our product candidates. In addition, changes in manufacturers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply and that of any new manufacturer. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies, which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. 
 Our or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements and comply with cGMP could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: 
 an inability to initiate or continue clinical trials of product candidates under development; 
 delay in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving regulatory approvals, for product candidates; 
 loss of the cooperation of an existing or future collaborator; 
 subjecting third-party manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; 
 requirements to cease distribution or to recall batches of our product candidates; and 
 in the event of approval to market and commercialize a product candidate, an inability to meet commercial demands for our products. 
 
 In addition, we contract with packaging providers with the appropriate expertise, facilities and scale to meet our needs. Failure to maintain cGMP can result in a contractor receiving FDA sanctions, which can impact our ability to operate or lead to delays in clinical development programs. We believe that our current packaging contractors operate in accordance with cGMP, but we can give no assurance that FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will not conclude that a lack of compliance exists. In addition, any delay in contracting for packaging services, or failure of the contract manufacturer to perform the services as needed, may delay clinical trials, registration and launches, which could negatively affect our business. The extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic impacts our ability to procure our preclinical and clinical trial product supplies will depend on the severity and duration of the spread of the virus (along with emergent variant strains thereof, recent acceleration of the spread of more transmissible variants of COVID-19 in the areas in which we operate and stagnant vaccination rates) and the actions undertaken to contain COVID-19 or treat its effects, and may cause delays. If our current third-party contract manufacturers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers and we may be unable to replace them on a timely basis or at all. Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates or products may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 Our product candidates and any drugs that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and drugs for access to manufacturing facilities. There is no assurance we would be able to enter into similar commercial arrangements with other manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval. 
 Despite entering into commercial manufacturing and supply agreements related to the supply of nirogacestat s active pharmaceutical ingredient and finished nirogacestat drug product, we have not yet manufactured on a commercial scale, nor have we entered into commercial supply arrangements with respect to our other product candidates, and we expect to rely on third parties to produce and process commercial quantities of our product candidates, if approved. 
 We expect to continue to rely on third-party manufacturers if we receive regulatory approval for our product candidates. We have only limited manufacturing and supply agreements in place with respect to our product candidates. While we have agreements for the commercial supply of both nirogacestat s active pharmaceutical ingredient and finished nirogacestat product, our supply arrangements for our other product candidates are limited to non-commercial, development-stage manufacturing and supply. As a result, we do not yet have long-term supply arrangements with respect to such other product candidates. To the extent that we enter into future manufacturing arrangements with third parties for commercial supply of our product candidates, if approved, we will depend on these third parties to perform their obligations in a timely manner consistent with contractual and regulatory requirements, including those related to quality control and assurance. 
 
 Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future third-party manufacturers could delay clinical development, marketing approval, or commercial supply, including with respect to nirogacestat. If our current suppliers, or future third-party manufacturers, cannot perform as agreed, or if such contract manufacturers choose to terminate their agreements with us, we will be required to replace such manufacturers. We may incur added costs, delays, and difficulties in identifying and qualifying any such replacement manufacturer or in reaching an agreement with any such alternative manufacturers. We will also need to verify, such as through a manufacturing comparability study, that any new supplier will produce our product candidate or product according to the specifications previously submitted to the FDA, EMA or another comparable regulatory authority. In 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 addition, changes in suppliers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new supplier. The delays associated with the verification of a new supplier or comparability of new manufacturing processes could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates or commercialize our product in a timely manner or within budget. 
 The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must also be approved by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities following inspections that will be conducted after we submit an application to the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. We do not directly control the manufacturing process of, and will be completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP requirements for the manufacture of our product candidates. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no direct control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA, EMA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. 
 We are dependent on a small number of suppliers for some of the materials used to manufacture our product candidates, and on one company for the manufacture of the active pharmaceutical ingredient for each of our product candidates. 
 We currently depend on a small number of suppliers for some of the materials used in, and processes required to develop, our product candidates. We cannot ensure that these suppliers or service providers will remain in business or have sufficient capacity or supply to meet our needs, or that they will not be purchased by one of our competitors or another company that is not interested in continuing to work with us. Our use of a small number of suppliers exposes us to several risks, including disruptions in supply, price increases or late deliveries. There are, in general, relatively few alternative sources of supply for substitute materials. Our current vendors may be unable or unwilling to meet our future demands for our clinical trials or commercial sale. Finding suitable replacement suppliers, materials and processes could take a substantial amount of time and it may be difficult to establish replacement suppliers who meet regulatory requirements. Any disruption or delay in supply could compromise our ability to pursue development and eventual commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Our existing and future collaborations are important to our business. If we are unable to maintain our existing collaborations or enter into new collaborations, or if these collaborations are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, our collaborators have broad discretion in many aspects of their performance of collaboration activities and they may take actions with which we do not agree. 
 An important part of our strategy is to evaluate and, as deemed appropriate, extend our current, or enter into additional, partnerships in the future, including potentially with major biopharmaceutical companies. We have limited capabilities for product development and are currently in the process of building our preclinical research and development and commercial capabilities. Accordingly, we have entered into collaborations with other companies to provide us with important technologies in order to more fully develop our product candidates and we may enter into collaborations with other companies to provide us with important technologies or funding for our programs. 
 Any current or future collaborations we may extend or enter into may pose a number of risks, including the following: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply; 
 collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; 
 collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs or license arrangements based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as a strategic transaction that may divert resources or create competing priorities; 
 collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products and product candidates if the collaborators believe that the competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 
 for collaborations involving combination therapies that have not yet been tested together, treatment-emergent adverse events may be unforeseen and may negatively impact the monotherapy development of our product candidates; 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 product candidates discovered in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; 
 collaborators may fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the development, manufacture, distribution or marketing of a product candidate or product; 
 collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our product candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 
 disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development, might cause delays or terminations of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates, might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to product candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; 
 collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 
 collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; and 
 collaborations may be terminated by the collaborator, and, if terminated, we could lose license rights to the applicable product candidates or could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 
 
 Under our collaboration agreement with BeiGene, the combination of mirdametinib and lifirafenib is being evaluated in a Phase 1b/2 clinical trial. Additionally, under our various collaboration agreements with industry leading BCMA-directed therapy developers, the combination of nirogacestat and the BCMA-directed therapy of each such developer is being evaluated in relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma patients. Under these existing collaboration arrangements, upon completion of the relevant clinical trials, we and our collaboration partners will have the opportunity to negotiate in good faith to provide for the expansion of the respective clinical collaboration and the potential establishment of a commercial relationship. However, our partners have no obligation to continue development of the combination products, regardless of the applicable clinical trial results. We also jointly formed MapKure, LLC, or MapKure, with BeiGene for the development of BGB-3245, and although we contribute to clinical development and other operational activities and have representation on MapKure s board of directors and joint steering committee, we do not control the development process. MapKure may pursue a development plan that differs from our expectations, which may or may not be successful. 
 If our collaborations do not result in the successful discovery, development and commercialization of product candidates, or if one of our collaborators elects not to enter into collaboration agreements to pursue future development, we may not receive any future funding or milestone or royalty payments under such collaborations. Risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described in this report may also apply to the activities of our collaborators. 
 Additionally, if one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may find it more difficult to attract new collaborators and our perception in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate partners for our product candidates and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. In order for us to successfully partner our product candidates, potential partners must view our product candidates as economically valuable in markets they determine to be attractive in light of the terms that we are seeking and other available products for licensing by other companies. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large biopharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. Our ability to reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities or planning, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise or capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations or do not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates, bring them to market and generate revenue from sales of drugs or continue to develop our technology, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. Even if we are successful in our efforts to establish new strategic partnerships, the terms that we agree upon may not be favorable to us, and we may not be able to maintain such strategic partnerships if, for example, development or approval of a product candidate is delayed or sales of an approved product are disappointing. Any delay in 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 entering into new strategic partnership agreements related to our product candidates could delay the development and commercialization of our product candidates and reduce their competitiveness even if they reach the market. 
 Risks related to our intellectual property 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties, including from Pfizer, for our lead product candidates, and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. Any termination of a product license could result in the loss of significant rights and would cause material adverse harm to our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Disputes may also arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 
 our diligence obligations with respect to the use of licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 
 the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. 
 If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
 We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we own, as we are for intellectual property that we license, which are described below. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could materially suffer. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under our patent licenses with third parties, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We are a party to license agreements pursuant to which we in-license key patents for our product candidates. At the time we began our operations in August 2017, we entered into four license agreements with Pfizer, three of which remain in effect, including a license agreement for each of our lead product candidates, nirogacestat and mirdametinib, both of which agreements were amended and restated in 2019. In addition, in 2021, we entered into a license for our TEAD inhibitor program with Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and the Flanders Institute for Biotechnology, as well as a license for a portfolio of epidermal growth factor receptor small molecule inhibitors with the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Each of our existing licenses imposes various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, our licensors may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market the products covered by such licensed intellectual property. While we assigned the Pfizer license agreement covering our FAAH inhibitor program in connection with the sale of that program to Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, or Jazz, in October 2020, there can be no assurance that Jazz will comply with the terms of such license, which could result in its termination and our inability to recover that asset as a remedy for a potential material breach of Jazz s obligations to us in connection with such sale. 
 We may have limited control over the maintenance and prosecution of these in-licensed rights, activities or any other intellectual property that may be related to our in-licensed intellectual property. For example, we cannot be certain that such activities by these licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. We have limited control over the manner in which our licensors initiate an infringement proceeding against a third-party infringer of the intellectual property rights or defend certain of the intellectual property that is licensed to us. It is possible that the licensors infringement proceeding or defense activities may be less vigorous than they would have been had we conducted them ourselves. 
 Risks related to government regulation 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 We have been granted Orphan Drug Designation for nirogacestat and mirdametinib and may seek Orphan Drug Designation for other product candidates, but we may be unable to obtain or maintain such designation, or the benefits associated with such designation, including the potential for market exclusivity, which may negatively impact our financial performance. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the U.S. and Europe, may designate drugs and therapeutic biologics for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug or therapeutic biologic as an orphan drug if it is a drug or therapeutic biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the U.S., or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the U.S. where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug or therapeutic biologic will be recovered from sales in the U.S. In the U.S., Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding toward clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. Such a designation, however, may be revoked by the FDA in certain circumstances, such as if the agency finds that the applicant s request for designation request omitted material information required under the Orphan Drug Act and its implementing regulations. If a product that has Orphan Drug Designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA, or Biologics License Application, or BLA, to market the same product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. 
 In June 2018, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation to nirogacestat for the treatment of desmoid tumors and in September 2019, the European Commission granted nirogacestat Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma. In October 2018, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation to mirdametinib for the treatment of NF1 and in July 2019 the European Commission granted mirdametinib Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of NF1. We may seek Orphan Drug Designations for nirogacestat and mirdametinib for other indications or for our other product candidates. There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain such designations. 
 Even if we obtain Orphan Drug Designation for any of our future product candidates in specific indications, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval of nirogacestat, mirdametinib or any other such product candidates for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the U.S. may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity in the U.S. for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs or therapeutic biologics with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan product is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug or therapeutic biologic with the same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug or therapeutic biologic is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In Europe, we could be prevented from marketing our products if a similar medicinal product is granted Orphan Drug Designation for the same indications that we are pursuing. Once authorized, with a limited number of exceptions, neither the competent authorities of the EU member states, the EMA or the European Commission are permitted to accept applications or grant marketing authorization for other similar medicinal products with the same therapeutic indication. Marketing authorization could also be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication if the latter product is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the original orphan medicinal product. 
 U.S. patents covering nirogacestat as a composition of matter have a statutory expiration date in 2025, U.S. patents that cover polymorphic forms of nirogacestat, including the form that is currently in clinical development, expire in 2039, and a U.S. patent that covers pharmaceutical compositions expires in 2042, in each case, not including patent term adjustment or any regulatory extensions, with foreign counterparts pending. Four U.S. patents that cover polymorphic forms of mirdametinib, including the form that is currently in clinical development, methods of treatment with the polymorphic forms, and a U.S. patent that covers pharmaceutical compositions expire in 2041, in each case not including any regulatory extensions, with foreign counterparts pending. Notwithstanding expected patent life, if orphan drug exclusivity does not protect these products from competition, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Orphan Drug Designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug or therapeutic biologic nor gives the drug or therapeutic biologic any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. In addition, while we may seek Orphan Drug Designation for our future product candidates, we may never receive such designations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 A portion of our manufacturing of our lead product candidates takes place in China, with additional capacity sourced from India, through third-party manufacturers. A significant disruption in the operation of those manufacturers, a trade war or political unrest could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently contract manufacturing operations to third parties, and clinical quantities of our lead product candidates are manufactured by these third parties outside the U.S., including in China, with additional capacity sourced from India. We expect to continue to use such third-party manufacturers for such product candidates. Any disruption in production or inability of our manufacturers in those countries to produce adequate quantities to meet our needs, whether as a result of a natural disaster or other causes, could impair our ability to operate our business on a day-to-day basis and to continue our development of our product candidates. Furthermore, since certain of these manufacturers are located in China, we are exposed to the possibility of product supply disruption and increased costs in the event of changes in the policies of the U.S. or Chinese governments, political unrest or unstable economic conditions in China. For example, a trade war could lead to tariffs on the chemical intermediates we use that are manufactured in China. Any of these matters could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any recall of the manufacturing lots or similar action regarding our product candidates used in clinical trials could delay the trials or detract from the integrity of the trial data and its potential use in future regulatory filings. In addition, manufacturing interruptions or failure to comply with regulatory requirements by any of these manufacturers could significantly delay clinical development of potential products and reduce third-party or clinical researcher interest and support of proposed trials. These interruptions or failures could also impede commercialization of our product candidates and impair our competitive position. Further, we may be exposed to fluctuations in the value of the local currencies in China and India. Future appreciation of the local currencies could increase our costs. In addition, our labor costs could continue to rise as wage rates increase due to increased demand for skilled laborers and the availability of skilled labor declines in such countries. 
 Risks related to managing our business and operations 
 We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 227 full-time employees. As our clinical development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we expect we will need additional managerial, clinical, manufacturing, medical, regulatory, sales, marketing, financial, legal and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 recruiting, integrating, retaining and motivating additional employees; 
 managing our development efforts effectively, including the clinical, manufacturing and quality review process for our product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors, collaboration partners and other third parties; and 
 improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on third parties, including independent organizations, advisors and consultants, to provide certain services to support and perform our operations. There can be no assurance that the services of these third parties will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality, accuracy or quantity of the services provided is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain, or may be substantially delayed in obtaining, regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other suitable outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully execute the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our development and commercialization goals. 
 We have no history of commercializing marketed products and we have not yet implemented our commercialization operations. We are preparing for commercialization by investing significant time and money into building these capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will successfully set up our commercialization capabilities. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 We are currently building our commercialization capabilities to allow us to market our product candidates, if approved, either alone or in combination with others. Establishing commercialization capabilities will require substantial investment of time and money and may divert significant management focus and resources. In addition, we will be competing with larger biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with established commercialization and marketing capabilities as we seek to recruit suitable personnel. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our efforts to set up commercialization capabilities will be successful. 
 We currently do not have the internal research capabilities required to independently discover new product candidates, and we plan to execute our growth strategy, in part by identifying and in-licensing or acquiring additional product candidates that have been discovered and initially developed by others. We may not be successful in executing our growth strategy or such growth strategy may not deliver the anticipated results. 
 While we are currently building out internal discovery and preclinical research and development capabilities, there can be no assurance that we will successfully achieve the capacity to independently discover and initially develop new product candidates. We also plan to source new product candidates, including those that may be complementary to our existing product candidates, by in-licensing or acquiring them from other companies, academic institutions or other asset originators. If we are unable to identify, in-license or acquire and integrate product candidates, our ability to pursue our growth strategy would be limited. 
 Research programs and business development efforts to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources, and we currently have limited internal drug discovery and preclinical research and development capabilities. In-licensing and acquiring product candidates or development programs often requires significant payments and expenses and may consume valuable resources. We will need to devote a substantial amount of time and personnel to develop and commercialize any in-licensed or acquired technology or product candidate, in addition to doing so for our existing product candidates. Our business development efforts or acquisition or licensing attempts may fail to yield additional complementary or successful product candidates for clinical development and commercialization for a number of reasons, including the following: 
 our identification or business development methodology or search criteria and process may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates with a high probability of success for development progression; 
 we may not be able or willing to assemble sufficient resources or expertise to identify and in-license or acquire additional product candidates; 
 for product candidates we seek to in-license or acquire, we may not be able to agree to acceptable terms with the licensor or owner of those product candidates; 
 any product candidates that we do in-license or acquire may not succeed in preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 we may not succeed in formulation or process development of such in-licensed or acquired product candidates; 
 such in-licensed or acquired product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unlikely to receive regulatory approval or be unmarketable if approved; 
 competitors may develop alternatives that render such in-licensed product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 
 in-licensed or acquired product candidates may be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights that we may not be able to access; 
 in-licensed or acquired product candidates that we develop may not allow us to best make use of our expertise and our development and commercial infrastructure as currently expected; 
 the market for a product candidate that we in-license or acquire may change during the course of our development of the product candidate so that such product candidate may become unreasonable to continue to develop; 
 a product candidate that we in-license or acquire may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and 
 a product candidate that we in-license or acquire may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors. 
 If any of these events occur, we may not be successful in executing our growth strategy or our growth strategy may not deliver the anticipated results. 
 Our current operations are concentrated in two locations, and we or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by natural disasters, including those that may be related to climate change, or other unforeseeable or uncontrollable events, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Our current headquarters are located in Stamford, Connecticut. Our development operations are currently located in Durham, North Carolina. We currently outsource our manufacturing operations to third parties, and clinical quantities of our product candidates are manufactured by these third parties outside the U.S., including in Canada, China, France and India. Any 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 unplanned event, such as flood, fire, explosion, earthquake, extreme weather condition, medical epidemics, power shortage, telecommunication failure or other natural or man-made accidents or incidents that result in us being unable to fully utilize our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, particularly on a daily basis, and have significant negative consequences on our financial and operating conditions. 
 Loss of access to these facilities may result in increased costs, delays in the development of our product candidates or interruption of our business operations. Earthquakes or other natural disasters could further disrupt our operations and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters or our development operations, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. Disaster recovery and business continuity plans may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. As part of our risk management approach, we maintain insurance coverage at levels that we believe are appropriate for our business. However, in the event of an accident or incident at these facilities, we cannot assure you that the amounts of insurance will be sufficient to satisfy any damages and losses. If our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, are unable to operate because of an accident or incident or for any other reason, even for a short period of time, any or all of our research and development programs may be harmed. Any business interruption may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks related to our financial position and need for additional capital 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will incur net losses in the future. 
 We have incurred significant net losses in each reporting period since our inception. To date, we have financed our operations principally through equity financings. We have derived all of our revenue and deferred revenue from the nonrefundable upfront payment we received under the Jazz asset purchase and license agreement and from the non-exclusive license and collaboration agreement with GlaxoSmithKline. We do not have any products approved for commercial sale or sources of recurring revenue. If our product candidates are not successfully developed and approved, we may never generate any revenue from them. We continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in each annual period since our inception. Our net losses were 277.4 million, 173.9 million and 45.6 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 569.9 million and 292.5 million, respectively. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our research and development of, seek regulatory approvals for, and prepare for commercialization of, our product candidates, including our lead product candidates, nirogacestat and mirdametinib, and any future product candidates. 
 We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 advance the development of our lead product candidates, nirogacestat and mirdametinib, through late-stage clinical trials, including registrational clinical trials and potentially for other indications; 
 advance our development programs for our other product candidates through clinical development and into later-stage clinical development; 
 seek marketing approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 
 invest in or in-license other technologies or product candidates for further preclinical and clinical development; 
 hire additional personnel, including clinical, quality control, scientific, medical, business development and finance personnel, and continue to build our infrastructure; 
 expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts and our operations as a public company; 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and 
 establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on our own or jointly with third parties. 
 To become and remain profitable, we or any potential future collaborators must develop and eventually commercialize products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining marketing approval for product candidates, manufacturing, obtaining reimbursement approval, marketing and selling products for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post- 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 marketing requirements. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenue that is significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause stockholders to lose all or part of their investment. Market volatility resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or other factors could also adversely impact our ability to access capital as and when needed. 
 Even if we succeed in commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop, register and market additional product candidates. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our prospects and likelihood of success. 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We were formed in August 2017 and our operations to date have been focused on preparing and executing our clinical trials for our product candidates, building our infrastructure, raising capital and executing partnerships. Consequently, we have limited operations upon which to evaluate our business, and predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing drug products. Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate activity or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval, secure market access and reimbursement and become commercially viable. 
 Although we announced topline results from the DeFi trial, a registrational Phase 3 clinical trial of nirogacestat, in May 2022 and presented additional data from the DeFi trial at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress in September 2022, which data supports our December 2022 NDA submission that was accepted by the FDA in February 2023 and granted priority review with an assigned PDUFA target action date of August 27, 2023, we have not yet demonstrated the ability to successfully obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate, we have no products approved for commercial sale and we have not generated any revenue from product sales to date. In addition, as a business with a limited operating history, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors and risks frequently experienced by early-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields, or other known or unknown factors and risks that may be infrequent or unique. 
 In addition, we are building out commercialization capabilities in order to transition from a company with a development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities and may not be successful in such a transition. 
 We will require additional capital to fund our operations and if we fail to obtain necessary capital, we will not be able to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts of cash to conduct further research and development and clinical trials of our product candidates to seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and to launch and commercialize any products for which we receive regulatory approval. As of December 31, 2022, we had 597.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into 2026. However, our future capital requirements and the period for which our existing resources will support our operations may vary significantly from what we expect, and we will in any event require additional capital in order to complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates. Our monthly spending levels will vary based on new and ongoing development and corporate activities. Because the length of time and activities associated with development of our product candidates is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development and any approved marketing and commercialization activities. 
 Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of clinical trials for our product candidates; including any unforeseen costs we may incur as a result of clinical trial delays due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia and Ukraine conflict, or other causes; 
 the clinical and preclinical development and manufacturing plans we establish for these product candidates; 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 the number and characteristics of product candidates that we develop or in-license; 
 the cost of identifying and evaluating potential product candidates for acquisition or license, including the cost of preclinical activities or clinical activities; 
 the terms of any collaboration or licensing agreements we may choose to enter into; 
 the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the FDA, the EMA, and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 
 the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
 the cost of defending intellectual property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us or our product candidates; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 the cost and timing of completion of commercial-scale outsourced manufacturing activities; 
 the establishment of sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval in regions where we choose to commercialize our products on our own or jointly with third parties; and 
 the degree of commercial success achieved following the successful completion of development and regulatory approval activities for a product candidate. 
 If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or one or more of our other research and development initiatives. Any of the foregoing events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 We do not have any committed external source of funds or other support for our development efforts and we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Until we can generate sufficient product or royalty revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we expect to finance our future cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing or distribution arrangements. If we raise additional funds through public or private equity offerings, the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders rights. Further, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, existing stockholder ownership interest may be diluted. In addition, any debt financing may subject us to fixed payment obligations and covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional capital through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish certain valuable rights to our product candidates, technologies, future revenue streams or research programs or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. We also could be required to seek commercial or development partners for our lead products or any future product candidate at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or relinquish our rights to product candidates or technologies that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. 
 Risks related to our common stock 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, future debt or other financing arrangements may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 Our executive officers, directors and their affiliates and holders of more than 5 of our common stock beneficially hold, in the aggregate, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 62.8 of our outstanding voting stock. Therefore, these stockholders will have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that stockholders may feel are in their best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or the certificate of incorporation, and amended and restated bylaws, as further amended, or the bylaws, contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include: 
 a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; 
 a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors; and 
 a requirement of approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and the authority of the board of directors to issue convertible preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which convertible preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 
 In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions they desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our bylaws designate certain specified courts as the sole and exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or the Chancery Court, will be the sole and exclusive forum for state law claims for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or the Delaware Forum Provision. The Delaware Forum Provision does not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Our bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the Federal Forum Provision. Our bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision; provided, however, that stockholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 The Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing the claims identified above, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware or the State of Connecticut. Additionally, the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 which may discourage such lawsuits. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our Federal Forum Provision. If the Federal Forum Provision is found to be unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such an action. The Federal Forum Provision may also impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert that the provision is not enforceable or invalid. The Chancery Court or the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more, or less, favorable to us than our stockholders. 
 General risk factors 
 Risks related to research and development and the biopharmaceutical industry 
 Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidate, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that such product candidate is safe and effective in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. We may be unable to establish clinical endpoints that applicable regulatory authorities would consider clinically meaningful, and a clinical trial can fail at any stage of testing. 
 Differences in trial design between early-stage clinical trials and later-stage clinical trials make it difficult to extrapolate the results of earlier clinical trials to later clinical trials. Moreover, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. Additionally, we are conducting and plan to conduct some open-label trials, where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or either an existing approved drug or placebo. Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only the investigational product candidate and sometimes may do so at different dose levels . Open-label clinical trials are subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect as patients in those trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. Open-label clinical trials may be subject to a patient bias where patients perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment. In addition, open-label clinical trials may be subject to an investigator bias where those assessing and reviewing the outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. Where a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial is designed to allow enrolled subjects to cross-over to the treatment arm, there may be a risk of inadvertent unblinding of subjects prior to cross-over, which may limit the clinical meaningfulness of those data and may require the conduct of additional clinical trials. As such, the results from an open-label trial may not be predictive of future clinical trial results with any of our product candidates for which we include an open-label clinical trial when studied in a controlled environment with a placebo or active control. 
 Successful completion of clinical trials is a prerequisite to submitting an NDA to the FDA, a Marketing Authorization Application, or MAA, to the EMA and similar marketing applications to comparable foreign regulatory authorities for each product candidate and, consequently, the ultimate approval and commercial marketing of any product candidates. 
 We do not know whether any of our ongoing or planned clinical trials, including trials for our combination therapies using nirogacestat and mirdametinib, will be completed on schedule, if at all, or, in some cases, whether such clinical trials will begin. 
 We may experience delays in initiating or completing clinical trials and preparing for regulatory submissions. We also may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, any future clinical trials that we could conduct that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our current product candidates or any future product candidates, including: 
 delays in our clinical trials and preclinical programs resulting from factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the potential impact that sanctions and other measures being imposed in response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, or the global business disruption caused by the conflict, may have on revenue and supply chain; 
 regulators, Institutional Review Boards, or IRBs, or ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with prospective clinical trial sites and prospective CROs, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 clinical trials of any product candidates may fail to show acceptable safety or efficacy, or produce negative or inconclusive results and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or we may decide to abandon product development programs; 
 the number of subjects required for clinical trials of any product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate or subjects may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than we anticipate; 
 our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the clinical trial protocol or drop out of the trial, which may require that we add new clinical trial sites or investigators; 
 we may elect to, or regulators, IRBs or ethics committees may require, that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research or trials for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 
 the cost of clinical trials of any product candidates may be greater than we anticipate; 
 the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be inadequate to initiate or complete a given clinical trial; 
 our product candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators, regulators, IRBs or ethics committees to suspend or terminate the clinical trials; 
 reports from clinical testing of other therapies may raise safety or efficacy concerns about our product candidates; and 
 the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities may require us to submit additional data, such as long-term toxicology studies, or impose other requirements before permitting us to initiate a clinical trial. 
 We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs of the institutions in which such clinical trials are being conducted, or the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, or recommended for suspension or termination by the Data Safety Monitoring Board, or the DSMB, for such clinical trial. A suspension or termination may be imposed due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or clinical trial site by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product or treatment, failure to establish or achieve clinically meaningful trial endpoints, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. Further, the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our clinical trial design and our interpretation of data from clinical trials or may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. 
 Our costs will increase if we experience delays in clinical testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be reassigned or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, potentially impairing our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and harming our business and results of operations. Any delays in our clinical development programs may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations significantly. The clinical trials sponsored by our partners with our product candidates in combination with our partners therapies pose the same development risks. 
 The successful development of biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain. 
 Successful development of biopharmaceuticals is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Product candidates that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for several reasons including: 
 clinical trial results may show the product candidates to be less effective than expected (for example, a clinical trial could fail to meet its primary or key secondary endpoint(s)) or to have unacceptable side effects or toxicities; 
 failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals. Among other things, such delays may be caused by patients who fail the trial screening process, slow enrollment in clinical trials, patients dropping out of trials, patients lost to follow-up; 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 length of time to achieve trial endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis or NDA preparation, discussions with the FDA, an FDA request for additional preclinical or clinical data (such as long-term toxicology studies) or unexpected safety or manufacturing issues; 
 preclinical study results may show the product candidate to be less effective than desired or to have harmful side effects; 
 supply issues, manufacturing costs and formulation issues, including our inability to successfully combine our product candidates with other therapies; 
 post-marketing approval requirements; and 
 the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent our product candidates from being commercialized. 
 The length of time necessary to complete clinical trials and to submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority varies significantly from one product candidate to the next and from one country to the next and may be difficult to predict. 
 Even if we are successful in obtaining marketing approval, commercial success of any approved products will also depend in large part on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, including government payors such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and managed care organizations in the U.S. or country specific governmental organizations in foreign countries, which may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures designed to reduce the cost of healthcare. Third-party payors could require us to conduct additional studies, including post-marketing studies related to the cost effectiveness of a product, to qualify for reimbursement, which could be costly and divert our resources. If government and other healthcare payors were not to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products once approved, market acceptance and commercial success would be reduced. 
 In addition, if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, we will be subject to significant regulatory obligations regarding the submission of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration and will need to continue to comply (or ensure that our third-party providers comply) with cGMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, there is always the risk that we, a regulatory authority or a third party might identify previously unknown problems with a product post-approval, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency. Compliance with these requirements is costly, and any failure to comply or other issues with our product candidates post-approval could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Due to our limited resources and access to additional capital, we must prioritize development of certain programs and product candidates; these decisions may prove to be wrong and may adversely affect our business. 
 We may fail to identify and acquire, through purchase or license, viable new product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons. If we fail to identify and acquire additional product candidates, our business could be materially harmed. 
 Efforts to identify and pursue new product candidates and disease targets require substantial technical, financial and human resources, regardless of whether they are ultimately successful. We currently rely on third parties, including current and future collaborators, to perform all of our research and preclinical activities. Programs may initially show promise in preclinical studies, yet fail to yield positive results during clinical development for a number of reasons, including: 
 the methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential indications and/or product candidates; or 
 product candidates may, after further study, be shown to have harmful adverse effects or other characteristics that indicate they are unlikely to be effective products. 
 Because we have limited financial and human resources, we intend to initially focus on programs and product candidates for a limited set of indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications with our existing product candidates that may later prove to have greater commercial potential or a greater likelihood of success. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential product candidates or other potential programs that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 
 Our future clinical trials or those of our future collaborators may reveal significant adverse events not seen in prior preclinical studies or clinical trials and may result in a safety profile that could inhibit regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of our product candidates. 
 If significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of our clinical trials, we may have difficulty recruiting patients to our clinical trials, patients may drop out of our trials or we may be required to abandon the trials or our development 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 efforts of one or more product candidates altogether. For example, a prior Phase 2 clinical trial of mirdametinib was terminated and enrollment in the Phase 2 portion of a Phase 1/2 clinical trial was halted as a result of adverse events observed at doses of mirdametinib of 15 mg twice daily, or BID, or above using both intermittent and continuous dosing schedules. These adverse events included ocular disorders (visual disturbances, blurred vision and retinal vein occlusion), nervous system disorders (confusion, slowed ideation, slurred speech and hallucinations), musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders (general weakness and neck muscle weakness associated with mild and moderate elevations in creatine phosphokinase) and cardiac disorders (decreased left ventricular ejection fraction and congestive heart failure). Although these doses were significantly higher than the maximum allowable dose of 4 mg BID in our ongoing Phase 2b clinical trial of mirdametinib in NF1-PN, we plan to treat patients in this trial for a period of up to 24 months, which would be longer than any subjects have been treated with mirdametinib in prior trials. In our ongoing Phase 2b clinical trial, we may observe adverse events similar to those that were seen at higher doses of mirdametinib in prior clinical trials owing to the potentially increased duration of treatment, or other factors. In addition, this trial s enrollment includes pediatric NF1-PN patients. There is limited safety data of mirdametinib in children under the age of 16 and it is possible that there may be unanticipated adverse events observed in this patient population. 
 If we elect or are required to delay, suspend or terminate any clinical trial of any product candidates that we develop, the commercial prospects of such product candidates will be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed or eliminated. Serious adverse events or other adverse events, as well as tolerability issues, observed in clinical trials could hinder or prevent market acceptance of the product candidate at issue. 
 We, the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or an IRB may suspend clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including a belief that subjects in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. Some potential therapeutics developed in the biotechnology industry that initially showed therapeutic promise in early-stage trials have later been found to cause side effects that prevented their further development. Even if the side effects do not preclude the product candidate from obtaining or maintaining marketing approval, restrictions could be imposed on the approval or an approved product could be subject to a boxed warning, which is the FDA's most prominent warning regarding safety concerns, and undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance of the approved product due to its tolerability versus other therapies. 
 Increasing demand for compassionate use of our product candidates could negatively affect our reputation and harm our business. 
 We are developing product candidates for the treatment of indications for which there are currently limited or no available therapeutic options. It is possible for individuals or groups to target companies with disruptive social media campaigns related to a request for access to unapproved drugs for patients with significant unmet medical need. If we experience a similar social media campaign regarding our decision to provide or not provide access to any of our current or future product candidates under an expanded access policy, our reputation may be negatively affected and our business may be harmed. 
 Recent media attention to individual patients expanded access requests has resulted in the introduction and enactment of legislation at the local and national level referred to as Right to Try laws, such as the federal Right to Try Act of 2017 signed into law on May 30, 2018, which are intended to allow patients access to unapproved therapies earlier than traditional expanded access programs. A possible consequence of both activism and legislation in this area may be the need for us to initiate an unanticipated expanded access program or to make our product candidates more widely available sooner than anticipated. 
 In addition, some patients who receive access to drugs prior to their commercial approval through compassionate use, expanded access programs or right to try access have life-threatening illnesses and have exhausted all other available therapies. The risk for serious adverse events in this patient population is high, which could have a negative impact on the safety profile of our product candidates if we were to provide them to these patients, which could cause significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which could materially harm our business. If we were to provide patients with any of our product candidates under an expanded access program, we may in the future need to restructure or pause any compassionate use and/or expanded access programs for a variety of reasons, which could prompt adverse publicity or other disruptions related to current or potential participants in such programs. 
 We face significant competition from other biopharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other compounds or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results. Our potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly as they develop novel approaches to treating disease indications that our product candidates are also focused on treating. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel therapeutics or to in-license novel therapeutics that could make the product candidates that we develop obsolete. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaboration partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates are efficacy, safety, tolerability, reliability, convenience of use, price and reimbursement. 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the availability and price of our competitors products could limit the demand and the price we are able to charge for our product candidates. We may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of our product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates for use in limited circumstances. 
 Even if any product candidate we develop receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 If any future product candidate we develop receives marketing approval, whether as a single agent or in combination with other therapies, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. If the product candidates we develop do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of any product candidate, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the efficacy and potential advantages compared to other treatments; 
 the ability to offer our products, if approved, for sale at competitive prices; 
 the convenience and ease of administration compared to other treatments; 
 the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 
 the strength of marketing and distribution support; 
 the ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage, market access and adequate reimbursement; and 
 the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 
 Changes in methods of product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 
 As product candidates proceed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards potential approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the materials manufactured using altered processes. Such changes may also require additional testing, including bridging or comparability testing to demonstrate the validity of clinical data obtained in clinical trials following manufacturing changes, FDA notification or FDA approval. 
 Because all prior clinical trials of nirogacestat and mirdametinib were conducted by third parties, we will need to perform analytical and other tests to demonstrate that any new drug product material is comparable in all respects, including potency, to the product used in such earlier clinical trials. There is no assurance that any such product will pass the required comparability testing, that any other future third-party manufacturer that we engage will be successful in producing our product candidates or that any materials produced by any third-party manufacturer that we engage will have the same effect in patients that we have observed to date with respect to materials used in prior clinical trials. 
 All of the above could delay completion of clinical trials, require the conduct of bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence sales and generate revenue. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Moreover, we have not yet manufactured or processed on a commercial scale and may not be able to do so for any of our product candidates if approved. We may make changes as we work to optimize our manufacturing processes, but we cannot be sure that even minor changes in our processes will result in therapies that are safe, effective and approved for commercial sale. 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of testing our product candidates in clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical trials, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claim may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even a successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 inability to bring a product candidate to the market; 
 decreased demand for our products; 
 harm to our reputation; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials; 
 initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 costs to defend the related litigation; 
 diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 substantial monetary awards to clinical trial participants or patients who receive an approved product; 
 product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 loss of revenue; 
 exhaustion of any available insurance and of our capital resources; 
 inability to commercialize any product candidate, if approved; and 
 a decline in our stock price. 
 Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with collaborators. Even if our agreements with any current or future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, that indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. Although we currently carry clinical trial insurance, the amount of insurance coverage we carry may not be adequate, and, in the future, we may be unable to maintain this insurance coverage, or we may not be able to obtain additional or replacement insurance at a reasonable cost, if at all. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay those amounts. 
 Risks related to intellectual property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property, and patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 Our commercial success will depend in large part on obtaining and maintaining patent, trademark and trade secret protection of our proprietary technologies and our product candidates, their respective components, formulations, combination therapies, methods used to manufacture them and methods of treatment, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop unauthorized third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our product candidates is affected by the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents that cover these activities. If our patents expire, or we are unable to secure and maintain patent protection for any product or technology we develop, or if the scope of the patent protection secured is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop may be adversely affected. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions such as patent term adjustments and/or extensions, may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Our current composition of matter patents covering nirogacestat and mirdametinib, were licensed from Pfizer in connection with the formation of our company. U.S. patents covering nirogacestat as a composition of matter have a statutory expiration date in 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 2025, U.S. patents that cover polymorphic forms of nirogacestat, including the form that is currently in clinical development, expire in 2039, and a U.S. patent that covers pharmaceutical compositions expire in 2042, in each case, not including patent term adjustment or any regulatory extensions, with foreign counterparts pending. Four U.S. patents that cover polymorphic forms of mirdametinib, including the form that is currently in clinical development, methods of treatment with the polymorphic forms and a U.S. patent that covers pharmaceutical compositions expire in 2041, in each case not including any regulatory extensions, with foreign counterparts pending. Our earliest patents may expire before, or soon after, either product candidate achieves marketing approval in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions. Upon the expiration of the current patents, we currently intend to rely on orphan drug exclusivity to market our lead products. Once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including generics. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. The expiration of the patents covering our lead product candidates, and our inability to secure additional patent protection, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 The patenting process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. In addition, we may not pursue or obtain patent protection in all relevant markets. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and are reliant on our licensors or licensees. 
 The strength of patents in the biopharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license now or in the future may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the U.S. or in other foreign countries. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents we hold with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. 
 Since patent applications in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, there is no certainty that any patent application related to a product candidate was the first to be filed. Furthermore, for U.S. applications in which at least one claim is entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of an application. 
 We cannot be certain that we are the first to invent any inventions covered by a pending patent application and, if we are not, we could be subject to priority disputes. We may be required to disclaim part or all of the term of certain patents or all of the term of certain patent applications. There may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the validity or enforceability of a patent claim. There also may be prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. No assurance can be given that if challenged, our patents would be declared by a court to be valid or enforceable or that even if found valid and enforceable, a competitor s technology or product would be found by a court to infringe our patents. We may analyze patents or patent applications of our competitors that we believe are relevant to our activities and consider that we are free to operate in relation to our product candidates, but our competitors may achieve issued claims, including in patents we consider to be unrelated, which block our efforts or may potentially result in our product candidates or our activities infringing such claims. The possibility exists that others will develop products which have the same effect as our products on an independent basis which do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property rights or will design around the claims of patents that we have had issued that cover our products. In addition, some of our patent applications and patents may cover inventions owned jointly by us and our collaborators. There can be no assurance that we and our collaborators will agree upon matters related to patent filing and prosecution strategy required to execute an effective patent strategy or that decisions made by our collaborators will be consistent with our goals for protecting our solely owned intellectual property. 
 Recent or future patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. Under the enacted Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or America Invents Act, enacted in 2013, the U.S. moved from a first-to-invent to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. The America Invents 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Act includes a number of other significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and establish a new post-grant review system. The effects of these changes are currently unclear as the USPTO only recently developed new regulations and procedures in connection with the America Invents Act and many of the substantive changes to patent law, including the first-to-file provisions, only became effective in March 2013. In addition, the courts have yet to address many of these provisions and the applicability of the act and new regulations on specific patents discussed herein have not been determined and would need to be reviewed. However, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of any patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make or use compounds that are similar to the compositions of our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our patents; 
 the active ingredients in our current product candidates will eventually become commercially available in generic drug products, and no patent protection may be available with regard to formulation or method of use; 
 a company or its licensor, as the case may be, may fail to meet its obligations to the U.S. government in regard to any in-licensed patents and patent applications funded by U.S. government grants, leading to the loss of patent rights; 
 such company or its licensors, as the case may be, might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 
 it is possible that a pending patent applications will not result in issued patents; 
 it is possible that there are prior public disclosures that could invalidate our or our licensors patents, as the case may be, or parts of our or their patents; 
 it is possible that others may circumvent our owned or in-licensed patents; 
 it is possible that there are unpublished applications or patent applications maintained in secrecy that may later issue with claims covering our products or technology similar to ours; 
 the laws of foreign countries may not protect our or our licensors , as the case may be, proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S.; 
 the claims of our owned or in-licensed issued patents or patent applications, if and when issued, may not cover our product candidates; 
 our owned or in-licensed issued patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages, may be narrowed in scope, or be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties; 
 the inventors of owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications may become involved with competitors, develop products or processes which design around our patents, or become hostile to us or the patents or patent applications on which they are named as inventors; 
 it is possible that owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications omit individual(s) that should be listed as inventor(s) or include individual(s) that should not be listed as inventor(s), which may cause these patents or patents issuing from these patent applications to be held invalid or unenforceable; 
 we have engaged in scientific collaborations in the past, and will continue to do so in the future. Such collaborators may develop adjacent or competing products to ours that are outside the scope of our patents; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies for which we can obtain patent protection; 
 it is possible that product candidates we develop may be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; or 
 the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we rely heavily upon know-how and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and technological security measures. Such measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. 
 In addition, courts outside the U.S. are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. If we choose to go to court to stop a third party from using any of our trade secrets, we may incur substantial costs. These lawsuits may consume our time and other resources even if we are successful. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. 
 Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual or entity during the course of the party s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the individual, and which are related to our current or planned business or research and development or made during normal working hours, on our premises or using our equipment or proprietary information, are our exclusive property. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our proprietary technology by third parties. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation, inter partes review, post grant review, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our product candidates and/or proprietary technologies infringe their intellectual property rights. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of drugs, products or their methods of use or manufacture. Thus, because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields, there may be a risk that third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our product candidates, technologies or methods. 
 If a third party claims that we infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 
 infringement and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our management s attention from our core business; 
 substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product candidate or technology at issue infringes on or violates the third party s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner s attorneys fees; 
 a court prohibiting us from developing, manufacturing, marketing or selling our product candidates, or from using our proprietary technologies, unless the third party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to do; 
 if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees and other amounts, and/or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property rights for our products; and 
 redesigning our product candidates or processes so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. Generally, conducting clinical trials and other development activities in the U.S. is protected under the Safe Harbor exemption as set forth in 35 U.S.C. 271. If any of our product candidates are approved by the FDA, third parties may then seek to enforce their patent by filing a 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 patent infringement lawsuit against us. While we do not believe that any claims of such patent that could otherwise materially adversely affect commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, are valid and enforceable, we may be incorrect in this belief, or we may not be able to prove it in a litigation. In this regard, patents issued in the U.S. by law enjoy a presumption of validity that can be rebutted only with evidence that is clear and convincing, a heightened standard of proof. There may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. Even if we obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and any patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we or our licensors may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. 
 Third parties may assert that our employees, consultants, collaborators or partners have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. 
 As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biopharmaceutical or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, and although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings could adversely affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to develop any future product candidates on acceptable terms. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Because our programs may involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. 
 Our product candidates may also require specific formulations to work effectively and these rights may be held by others. We may develop products containing our compounds and pre-existing pharmaceutical compounds. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary or important to our business operations. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all, which could harm our business. We may need to cease use of the compositions or methods covered by such third-party intellectual property rights and may need to seek to develop alternative approaches that do not infringe on such intellectual property rights which may entail additional costs and development delays, even if we were able to develop such alternatives, which may not be feasible. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 
 Additionally, we sometimes collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. In certain cases, these institutions may provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to others, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property or to maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of such program and our business and financial condition could suffer. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional product candidates that we may seek to acquire. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly and could put any patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. 
 We may choose to challenge the patentability of claims in a third party s U.S. patent by requesting that the USPTO review the patent claims in an ex-parte re-exam, inter partes review or post-grant review proceedings. These proceedings are expensive and may consume our time or other resources. We may choose to challenge a third party s patent in patent opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office, or EPO, or other foreign patent offices. The costs of these opposition proceedings could be substantial and may consume our time or other resources. If we fail to obtain a favorable result at the USPTO, EPO or other foreign patent offices, then we may be exposed to litigation by a third party alleging that the patent may be infringed by our product candidates or proprietary technologies. 
 In addition, because some patent applications in the U.S. may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, patent applications in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, and publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by issued patents or any pending applications, or that we or, if applicable, a licensor were the first to invent the technology. Our competitors also may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering our products or technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our patents or any patent applications, which could require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to those owned by or in-licensed to us, we or, in the case of in-licensed 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 technology, the licensor may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the U.S. If we or one of our licensors is a party to an interference proceeding involving a U.S. patent application on inventions owned by or in-licensed to us, we may incur substantial costs, divert management s time and expend other resources, even if we are successful. 
 Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or any patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Litigation or interference proceedings may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the U.S. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during such litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent application process and following the issuance of a patent. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or the USPTO. 
 If we or one of our licensing partners initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the U.S., defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the U.S. or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to validity, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we, our patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, or if we are otherwise unable to adequately protect our rights, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business and our ability to commercialize or license our technology and product candidates. 
 Changes in patent law in the U.S. and in ex-U.S. jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, the U.S. has recently enacted, and is currently implementing, wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. We cannot predict how these decisions or any future decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patents. Similarly, any adverse changes in the patent laws of other jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world is expensive. While certain of our licensed patents, including patents covering our lead product candidates, have been issued in major markets and other countries, our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the U.S. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our products in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued patents and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us or our licensors to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products against third parties in violation of our proprietary rights generally. The initiation of proceedings by third parties to challenge the scope or validity of our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and any patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us or our licensors. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any product candidates we may develop, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Action of 1984, or Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Risks related to government regulation 
 The regulatory approval process for our product candidates in the U.S., the European Union, and other jurisdictions is currently uncertain and will be lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval, if any, of our product candidates. 
 The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, import, export, marketing and distribution of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the U.S., the EMA in the European Union, or EU, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. We are not permitted to market any product in any jurisdiction until we receive marketing approval from the appropriate regulatory authority. Aside from the NDA we submitted to the FDA in December 2022 for nirogacestat for the treatment of adults with desmoid tumors, accepted by the FDA in February 2023 and granted priority review with an assigned PDUFA target action date of August 27, 2023, we have not previously submitted an NDA to the FDA, an MAA to the EMA or similar marketing application to comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In the U.S., an NDA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish that the product candidate is safe, pure and potent for each desired indication. An NDA must also include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product, and the manufacturing facilities must complete a successful pre-approval inspection. 
 The FDA may also require a panel of experts, referred to as an Advisory Committee, to deliberate on the adequacy of the safety and efficacy data to support approval. The opinion of the Advisory Committee, although not binding, may have a significant impact on our ability to obtain approval of any product candidates that we develop based on the completed clinical trials. 
 In addition, clinical trials can be delayed or terminated for a variety of reasons, including delays or failures related to: 
 obtaining regulatory authorization to begin a clinical trial, if applicable; 
 the availability of financial resources to begin and complete the planned trials; 
 reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 obtaining approval at each clinical trial site by an independent IRB or ethics committee; 
 recruiting suitable patients to participate in a clinical trial in a timely manner; 
 having patients complete a clinical trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 clinical trial sites deviating from clinical trial protocol, not complying with GCP requirements or dropping out of a trial; 
 the availability of materials or manufacturing slots for the products needed for our clinical trials, as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and resulting heightened economic sanctions from the U.S., which could lead to delays in these trials; We could face higher costs or reduced availability of supplies, materials, components, or services for product candidates in the U.S., the European Union, and other jurisdictions; 
 addressing any patient safety concerns that arise during the course of a clinical trial; 
 addressing any conflicts with new or existing laws or regulations; 
 adding new clinical trial sites; or 
 manufacturing qualified materials under cGMP regulations for use in clinical trials. 
 Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials and is affected by many factors. Further, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs for the institutions in which such clinical trials are being conducted, or the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or recommended for suspension or termination by the DSMB for such clinical trial, due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or clinical trial sites by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. If we experience termination of, or delays in the completion of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing any clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 
 Since March 2020, when foreign and domestic inspections of facilities were largely placed on hold, the FDA has been working to resume pre-pandemic levels of inspection activities, including routine surveillance, bioresearch monitoring and pre-approval inspections. Should the FDA determine that an inspection is necessary for approval and an inspection cannot be completed during the review cycle due to restrictions on travel, and the FDA does not determine a remote interactive evaluation to be adequate, the FDA has stated that it generally intends to issue, depending on the circumstances, a complete response letter or defer action on the application until an inspection can be completed. During the COVID-19 public health emergency, a number 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA's inability to complete required inspections for their applications. Regulatory authorities outside the U.S. may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and may experience delays in their regulatory activities. 
 The FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our regulatory plan for our product candidates. 
 The general approach for FDA approval of a new drug is dispositive data from one or more well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials of the product candidate in the relevant patient population. Phase 3 clinical trials typically involve a large number of patients, have significant costs and take years to complete. 
 Our clinical trial results may not support approval of our product candidates. In addition, our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval, or regulatory approval could be delayed, for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the dosing regimen, design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications; 
 we may encounter safety or efficacy problems caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate that our product candidates clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks; 
 the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of an NDA or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere; 
 the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 
 the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 We may seek regulatory approval of our product candidates based on an interim analysis conducted of a registrational trial, particularly if the interim analysis is statistically significant for the primary endpoint and the safety data demonstrate an acceptable safety and tolerability profile. The results of any such interim analysis would be discussed with the FDA at a pre-NDA meeting to assess the adequacy of the data to support the submission of an NDA; however, if the FDA does not agree that the interim analysis provides a sufficient basis for regulatory approval, we would not submit an NDA until the conclusion of such registrational trial. 
 Breakthrough Therapy Designation or Fast Track Designation from the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 
 The FDA has granted Fast Track Designation and Breakthrough Therapy Designation for nirogacestat for the treatment of adult patients with progressive, unresectable, recurrent or refractory desmoid tumors or deep fibromatosis, and has granted Fast Track Designation for mirdametinib for the treatment of patients at least two years of age with NF1-associated inoperable PN that are progressing or causing significant morbidity. We may seek Breakthrough Therapy Designation or Fast Track Designation for our other product candidates. 
 If a product is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the product sponsor may apply for Fast Track Designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe one of our product candidates is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Even if we do receive Fast Track Designation, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw Fast Track Designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 
 A breakthrough therapy is defined as a product that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For products that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. 
 Designation as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a Breakthrough Therapy Designation may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to products considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if a product candidate qualifies as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification and rescind the Breakthrough Therapy Designation. 
 The results of clinical trials conducted at clinical trial sites outside the U.S. might not be accepted by the FDA, and data developed outside of a foreign jurisdiction similarly might not be accepted by such foreign regulatory authority. 
 Some of the prior clinical trials for our product candidates were conducted outside the U.S., and we intend to conduct additional clinical trials outside the U.S. Although the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may accept data from clinical trials conducted outside the relevant jurisdiction, acceptance of these data is subject to certain conditions. For example, the FDA requires that the clinical trial must be well designed and conducted and performed by qualified investigators in accordance with ethical principles such as IRB or ethics committee approval and informed consent, the trial population must adequately represent the U.S. population, and the data must be applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice in ways that the FDA deems clinically meaningful. In addition, while these clinical trials are subject to the applicable local laws, acceptance of the data by the FDA will be dependent upon its determination that the trials were conducted consistent with all applicable U.S. laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that the FDA will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S. as adequate support of a marketing application. Similarly, we must also ensure that any data submitted to foreign regulatory authorities adheres to their standards and requirements for clinical trials and there can be no assurance a comparable foreign regulatory authority would accept data from trials conducted outside of its jurisdiction. 
 Our relationships with healthcare providers and physicians and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the U.S. and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of pharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose pharmaceutical manufacturers to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or AKS, and the federal False Claims Act, or FCA, which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which such companies sell, market and distribute pharmaceutical products. In particular, the research of our product candidates, as well as the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the AKS, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or the specific intent to violate it. Violations are subject to civil and criminal fines and penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved, imprisonment, and exclusion from government healthcare programs. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA; 
 the federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the FCA, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment to, or approval by Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim or an obligation to pay or transmit money to the federal government, or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Manufacturers can be held liable 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The government may deem manufacturers to have caused the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery. When an entity is determined to have violated the FCA, the government may impose civil fines and penalties ranging, plus treble damages, and exclude the entity and its products from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs; 
 the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact, or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the AKS, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or the specific intent to violate it; 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose, among other things, requirements on certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their respective business associates, independent contractors that perform services for covered entities that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, there may be additional federal, state and non-U.S. laws which govern the privacy and security of health and other personal information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts; and 
 the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended, or ACA, and its implementing regulations, which require some manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations were extended to include transfers of value made to certain non-physician providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners (physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified registered nurse anesthetists and anesthesiologist assistants, and certified-nurse midwives). 
 
 Additionally, we are subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws and regulations described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of the payor. Many U.S. states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and False Claims Act, and may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental payors, including private insurers. In addition, some states have passed laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the April 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and/or the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America s Code on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals. Several states also impose other marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state and require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. State and foreign laws, including for example the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, which became effective May 2018 also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements and, if we fail to comply with an applicable state law requirement, we could be subject to penalties. Finally, there are state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. In addition, some states have passed laws that require medical device companies to comply with guidance issued by the HHS Office of Inspector General and the Advanced Medical Technology Association. 
 The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Pharmaceutical companies may also be subject to federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies continue to closely scrutinize interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 
 It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, contractual damages and the curtailment or restricting of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Further, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause a biopharmaceutical manufacturer to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect business in an adverse way. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the U.S., including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the U.S., a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 
 We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval of any product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 
 If any of our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-marketing information, including both federal and state requirements in the U.S. and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, we will be subject to continued compliance with cGMP and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations and applicable product tracking and tracing requirements. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA, 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 BLA, or other marketing application and previous responses to inspection observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. Additionally, under FDORA, sponsors of approved drugs and biologics must provide 6 months notice to the FDA of any changes in marketing status, such as the withdrawal of a drug, and failure to do so could result in the FDA placing the product on a list of discontinued products, which would revoke the product s ability to be marketed. The FDA may also require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, or REMS, program as a condition of approval of our product candidates, which could entail requirements for long-term patient follow-up, a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA, EMA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our product candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration. 
 The FDA may impose consent decrees or withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, imposition of post-marketing studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 
 fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 
 refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 
 product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. Certain endpoint data we hope to include in any approved product labeling also may not make it into such labeling, including exploratory or secondary endpoint data such as patient-reported outcome measures, which could impact our ability to promote products for which we obtain approval. The policies of the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the U.S. or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates, if approved, which could make it difficult for us to sell any product candidates profitably. 
 The success of our product candidates, if approved, depends on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for, or accurately estimate the potential revenue from, our product candidates or assure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we may develop. 
 Patients who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. 
 Government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 safe, effective and medically necessary; 
 appropriate for the specific patient; 
 cost-effective; and 
 neither experimental nor investigational. 
 
 In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by CMS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of product candidates, once approved. Patients are unlikely to use our product candidates, once approved, unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of their cost. There is significant uncertainty related to insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. 
 
 Payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 required that CMS, the agency responsible for administering the Medicare program, reduce the Medicare clinical laboratory fee schedule by 2 in 2013, which served as a base for 2014 and subsequent years. In addition, effective January 1, 2014, CMS also began bundling the Medicare payments for certain laboratory tests ordered while a patient received services in a hospital outpatient setting. Additional state and federal healthcare reform measures are expected to be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for certain pharmaceutical products or additional pricing pressures. 
 
 Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average manufacturer price, average sales price and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. Payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and other third-party payors in the U.S. and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the U.S. with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. 
 Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, cost containment initiatives and additional legislative changes. 
 Additionally, on December 2, 2020, HHS published a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers. Pursuant to an order entered by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, the portion of the rule eliminating safe harbor protection for certain rebates related to the sale or purchase of a pharmaceutical product from a manufacturer to a plan sponsor under Medicare Part D has been delayed to January 1, 2023. On December 31, 2020, CMS published a new rule, effective January 1, 2023, requiring manufacturers to ensure the full value of co-pay assistance is passed on to the patient or these dollars will count toward the Average Manufacturer Price and Best Price calculation of the drug (the Medicaid Accumulator Rule ). On May 17, 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 2022, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia granted the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America's (PhRMA) motion for summary judgement invalidating the Medicaid Accumulator Rule. Further, implementation of this change and new safe harbors for point-of-sale reductions in prices for prescription pharmaceutical products and pharmacy benefit manager service fees are currently under review by the Biden administration and may be amended or repealed. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, and the Biden administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, Congress has indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 
 At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosures and transparency measures, and, in some cases, implementing regulations designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 We expect that healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals or clearances of our product candidates, if any, may be. 
 In addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 Further, the Right to Try Act of 2017, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act of 2017. 
 Ongoing healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 Payors, whether domestic or foreign, or governmental or private, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs and those methods are not always specifically adapted for new technologies such as gene therapy and therapies addressing rare diseases such as those we are developing. In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably. In particular, in 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the ACA, was enacted, which, among other things, subjected biologic products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars; addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs; created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (increased to 70 pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, effective as of January 1, 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, Congressional and executive challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration or other efforts, if any, to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA will impact our business. 
 Prior to the Biden administration, on October 13, 2017, former President Trump signed an Executive Order terminating the cost-sharing subsidies that reimburse insurers under the ACA. The former Trump administration concluded that cost-sharing reduction, or CSR, payments to insurance companies required under the ACA have not received necessary appropriations from Congress and announced that it will discontinue these payments immediately until those appropriations are made. Several state Attorneys General filed suit to stop the administration from terminating the subsidies, but their request for a restraining order was denied by a federal judge in California on October 25, 2017. On August 14, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled in two separate cases that the federal government is liable for the full amount of unpaid CSRs for the years preceding and including 2017. For CSR claims made by health insurance companies for years 2018 and later, further litigation will be required to determine the amounts due, if any. Further, on June 14, 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled that the federal government was not required to pay more than 12 billion in ACA risk corridor payments to third-party payors who argued the payments were owed to them. On April 27, 2020, the United States Supreme Court reversed the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit's decision and remanded the case to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, concluding the government has an obligation to pay these risk corridor payments under the relevant formula. It is unclear what impact these rulings will have on our business. 
 In addition, CMS published a final rule that would give states greater flexibility as of 2020 in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the ACA was enacted. 
 The Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs, including aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. 
 On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 On April 13, 2017, CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. 
 On May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 
 On May 23, 2019, CMS published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. 
 On December 20, 2019, former President Trump signed into law the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act (H.R. 1865), which repealed the Cadillac tax, the health insurance provider tax, and the medical device excise tax. It is impossible to determine whether similar taxes could be instated in the future. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, extended the suspension period to March 31, 2021. An Act to Prevent Across-the-Board Direct Spending Cuts, and for Other Purposes, signed into law on April 14, 2021, extended the suspension period to December 31, 2021. 
 
 As discussed above, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the U.S. with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. See Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates, if approved, which could make it difficult for us to sell any product candidates profitably. At the federal level, the former Trump administration s budget proposal for fiscal year 2021 included a 135 billion allowance to support legislative proposals seeking to reduce drug prices, increase competition, lower out-of-pocket drug costs for patients and increase patient access to lower-cost generic and biosimilar drugs. On March 10, 2020, the former Trump administration sent principles for drug pricing to Congress, calling for legislation that would, among other things, cap Medicare Part D beneficiary out-of-pocket pharmacy expenses, provide an option to cap Medicare Part D beneficiary monthly out-of-pocket expenses and place limits on pharmaceutical price increases. Further, the former Trump administration also previously released a Blueprint to lower drug prices and reduce out of pocket costs of drugs that contains additional proposals to increase manufacturer competition, increase the negotiating power of certain federal healthcare programs, incentivize manufacturers to lower the list price of their products and reduce the out of pocket costs of drug products paid by consumers. HHS has already started the process of soliciting feedback on some of these measures and, at the same time, is immediately implementing others under its existing authority. For example, in May 2019, CMS issued a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. However, it is unclear whether the Biden administration will challenge, reverse, revoke or otherwise modify these executive and administrative actions. 
 
 In addition, there have been several changes to the 340B drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge for medications sold to certain health care facilities. On December 27, 2018, the District Court for the District of Columbia invalidated a reimbursement formula change under the 340B drug pricing program, and CMS subsequently altered the FYs 2019 and 2018 reimbursement formula on specified covered outpatient drugs. The court ruled this change was not an adjustment which was within the Secretary s discretion to make but was instead a fundamental change in the reimbursement calculation. However, most recently, on July 31, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit overturned the district court s decision and found that the changes were within the Secretary s authority. On September 14, 2020, the plaintiffs-appellees filed a Petition for Rehearing En Banc (i.e., before the full court), which was denied on October 16, 2020. Plaintiffs-appellees filed a petition for a writ of certiorari at the Supreme Court on February 10, 2021 and the petition was granted on July 2, 2021. On June 15, 2022, the Supreme Court unanimously reversed the Court of Appeals' decision, holding that HHS's 2018 and 2019 reimbursement rates for 340B hospitals were contrary to the statute and unlawful. We continue to review developments impacting the 340B program. 
 
 In 2020, former President Trump announced several executive orders related to prescription drug pricing that sought to implement several of the former administration's proposals. In response, the FDA released a final rule on September 24, 2020, which went into effect on November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. Further, on November 20, 2020, CMS issued an Interim Final Rule implementing the Most Favored Nation, or MFN, Model under which Medicare Part B reimbursement rates will be calculated for certain drugs and biologicals based on the lowest price drug manufacturers receive in Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development countries with a similar gross domestic product per capita. The MFN Model regulations mandate participation by identified Part B providers and would have applied to all U.S. states and territories for a seven-year period beginning January 1, 2021, and ending December 31, 2027. However, on December 29, 2021 CMS rescinded the Most Favored Nations rule. 
 
 On July 9, 2021, President Biden signed an Executive Order affirming the administration s policy to (i) support legislative reforms that would lower the prices of prescription drug and biologics, including by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices, by imposing inflation caps, and, by supporting the development and market entry of lower-cost generic drugs and biosimilars; and (ii) support the enactment of a public health insurance option. Among other things, the Executive Order also directs HHS to provide a report on actions to combat excessive pricing of prescription drugs, enhance the domestic drug supply chain, reduce the price that the Federal government pays for drugs, and address price gouging in the industry; and directs the FDA to work with states and Indian Tribes that propose to develop section 804 Importation Programs in accordance with the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, and the FDA s implementing regulations. FDA released such implementing regulations on September 24, 2020, which went into effect on November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. On September 25, 2020, CMS stated drugs imported by states under this rule will not be eligible for federal rebates under Section 1927 of the Social Security Act and manufacturers would not report these drugs for best price or Average Manufacturer Price purposes. Since these drugs are not considered covered outpatient drugs, CMS further stated it will not publish a National Average Drug Acquisition Cost for these drugs. If implemented, importation of drugs from Canada may materially and adversely affect the price we receive for any of our product candidates. 
 
 Additionally, on November 30, 2020, HHS published a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers. Pursuant to court order, the removal and addition of the aforementioned safe harbors were delayed and recent legislation imposed a moratorium on implementation of the rule until January 1, 2026. This deadline was pushed back to January 1, 2027 by the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 further delayed implementation of this rule to January 1, 2032. 
 
 On August 16, 2022 the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was passed, which among other things, allows for CMS to negotiate prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D, beginning with ten high-cost drugs paid for by Medicare Part D starting in 2026, followed by 15 Part D drugs in 2027, 15 Part B or Part D drugs in 2028, and 20 Part B or Part D drugs in 2029 and beyond. The legislation subjects drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax for failing to comply with the legislation by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price under the law or for taking price increases that exceed inflation. The legislation also caps Medicare beneficiaries annual out-of-pocket drug expenses at 2,000. The effect of Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known. 
 
 We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect: 
 
 the demand for our product candidates, if we obtain regulatory approval; 
 our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our approved products; 
 our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; 
 the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and 
 the availability of capital. 
 
 Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors, which may adversely affect our future profitability. 
 
 Further, on December 31, 2020, CMS published a new rule, effective January 1, 2023, requiring manufacturers to ensure the full value of co-pay assistance is passed on to the patient or these dollars will count toward the Average Manufacturer Price and Best Price calculation of the drug. On May 17, 2022, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia granted the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America's (PhRMA) motion for summary judgment invalidating the accumulator adjustment rule. 
 
 Individual states in the U.S. have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. See Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates, if approved, which could make it difficult for us to sell any product candidates profitably. 
 These laws, and future state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used. 
 Off-label use or misuse of our products may harm our reputation in the marketplace or result in injuries that lead to costly product liability suits. 
 We are developing nirogacestat for the treatment of desmoid tumors and mirdametinib for the treatment of NF1-PN. If our product candidates are approved by the FDA, we may only promote or market our product candidates for their specifically approved indications and in a manner consistent with the approved labeling. We will train our marketing and sales force against promoting our product candidates for uses outside of the approved indications for use, known as off-label uses. We cannot, however, prevent a physician from using our products off-label, when in the physician s independent professional medical judgment he or she deems it appropriate. Furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those approved by the FDA may not effectively treat such conditions. Any such off-label use of our product candidates could harm our reputation in the marketplace among physicians and patients. There may also be increased risk of injury to patients if physicians attempt to use our products for any off-label uses, which could lead to product liability suits that that might require significant financial 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 and management resources and that could harm our reputation. Additionally, the FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding off-label uses and if we, or our collaborators, do not promote our products, if approved, in a manner consistent with the approved labeling, we, or they, may be subject to warnings or enforcement action for off-label marketing. Violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and other statutes, including the FCA, relating to the promotion and advertising of prescription drugs may lead to investigations or allegations of violations of federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and state consumer protection laws. 
 Disruptions at the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, in recent years, including in 2018 and 2019, the U.S. government shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. During the ongoing COVID-19 public health emergency, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA's inability to complete required inspections for their applications. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns or delays could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 EU drug marketing and reimbursement regulations may materially affect our ability to market and receive coverage for our products in the European member states. 
 We intend to seek approval to market our product candidates in both the U.S. and in selected foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for our product candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, particularly those in the EU, the pricing of drugs is subject to governmental control and other market regulations which could put pressure on the pricing and usage of our product candidates. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing approval of a product candidate. In addition, market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures. 
 Much like the AKS prohibition in the U.S., the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the EU. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is governed by the national anti-bribery and other laws of EU Member States, and operations in the United Kingdom would be subject to relevant United Kingdom laws, including the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. 
 Payments made to physicians in certain EU Member States must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician s employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual EU Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the EU Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. 
 In addition, in most foreign countries, including the European Economic Area, or EEA, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. Reference pricing used by various EU member states and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high- 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 priced member states, can further reduce prices. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. In some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical study or other studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of any of our product candidates to other available therapies in order to obtain or maintain reimbursement or pricing approval. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for biopharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Publication of discounts by third-party payors or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries. If pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels or if reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, our revenues from sales and the potential profitability of any of our product candidates in those countries would be negatively affected. Moreover, if the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine expands into the region, there is the potential for us to face higher costs or reduced availability of materials or manufacturing slots for product candidates in the EU and other jurisdictions. 
 We may incur substantial costs in our efforts to comply with evolving global data protection laws and regulations, and any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations may harm our business and operations. 
 We collect, store, process and transmit sensitive data, including legally protected health information, or PHI, personally identifiable information, intellectual property and proprietary business information. As we seek to expand our business, we are, and will increasingly become, subject to numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and standards, as well as contractual obligations, relating to the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of sensitive and personal information in the jurisdictions in which we operate. In many cases, these laws, regulations and standards apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between or among us, our subsidiaries and other parties with which we have commercial relationships. These laws, regulations and standards may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that will materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The regulatory framework for data privacy, data security and data transfers worldwide is rapidly evolving, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business, and as a result, interpretation and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could result in enforcement actions against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In addition, many states in which we operate have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal information. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to sensitive and personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts. Where state laws are more protective than HIPAA, we must comply with the state laws we are subject to, in addition to HIPAA. In certain cases, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations and procedures to comply with these more stringent state laws. Further, in some cases where we process sensitive and personal information of individuals from numerous states, we may find it necessary to comply with the most stringent state laws applicable to any of the information. California recently enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, which creates new individual privacy rights for California consumers (as defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA will require covered companies to provide certain disclosures to consumers about its data collection, use and sharing practices, and to provide affected California residents with ways to opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information. The CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020, and the California State Attorney General submitted final regulations for review on June 2, 2020, which were finalized and are now effective. The California State Attorney General has commenced enforcement actions against violators as of July 1, 2020. Further, a new California privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, was passed by California voters on November 3, 2020. The CPRA, which became effective on January 1, 2023, creates additional obligations with respect to processing and storing personal information. We will continue to monitor developments related to the CPRA and anticipate additional costs and expenses associated with CPRA compliance. Four other states have passed comprehensive privacy laws and other U.S. states also are considering omnibus privacy legislation. While the CCPA and CPRA contain an exception for certain activities involving PHI under HIPAA, we cannot yet determine the impact the CCPA, CPRA or other such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. 
 
 In addition to our operations in the U.S., which may be subject to healthcare and other laws relating to the privacy and security of health information and other personal information, we may seek to conduct clinical trials in EEA and may become subject to additional European data privacy laws, regulations and guidelines. In the event we decide to conduct clinical trials or continue to enroll subjects in our ongoing or future clinical trials, we may be subject to additional privacy restrictions. The collection, use, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of personal data regarding individuals in the EU, including personal health data, is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018. The GDPR is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, including requirements 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 relating to processing health and other sensitive data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, providing notification of data breaches, and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the EU, including the United States, and permits data protection authorities to impose large penalties for violations of the GDPR, including potential fines of up to 20 million or 4 of annual global revenues, whichever is greater. The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. In addition, the GDPR includes restrictions on cross-border data transfers. The GDPR [may] increase[d] our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process where such processing is subject to the GDPR, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, including as implemented by individual countries. Compliance with the GDPR will be a rigorous and time-intensive process that may increase our cost of doing business or require us to change our business practices, and despite those efforts, there is a risk that we may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with our European activities. Further, the United Kingdom s decision to leave the EU, often referred to as Brexit, has created uncertainty with regard to data protection regulation in the United Kingdom. In particular, it is unclear how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated now that the United Kingdom has left the EU. 
 
 In particular, national laws of member states of the EU are in the process of being adapted to the requirements under the GDPR, thereby implementing national laws which may partially deviate from the GDPR and impose different obligations from country to country, so that we do not expect to operate in a uniform legal landscape in the EEA. Also, as it relates to processing and transfer of genetic data, the GDPR specifically allows national laws to impose additional and more specific requirements or restrictions, and European laws have historically differed quite substantially in this field, leading to additional uncertainty. Further, the impact of Brexit , whereby the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the EU on January 31, 2020 is uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 
 In the event we commence clinical trials in the EEA, we must also ensure that we maintain adequate safeguards to enable the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA, in particular to the U.S., in compliance with European data protection laws. We expect that we will continue to face uncertainty as to whether our efforts to comply with any obligations under European privacy laws will be sufficient. If we are investigated by a European data protection authority, we may face fines and other penalties. Any such investigation or charges by European data protection authorities could have a negative effect on our existing business and on our ability to attract and retain new clients or biopharmaceutical partners. We may also experience hesitancy, reluctance or refusal by European or multi-national clients or biopharmaceutical partners to continue to use our products and solutions due to the potential risk exposure as a result of the current (and, in particular, future) data protection obligations imposed on them by certain data protection authorities in interpretation of current law, including the GDPR. Such clients or biopharmaceutical partners may also view any alternative approaches to compliance as being too costly, too burdensome, too legally uncertain or otherwise objectionable and therefore decide not to do business with us. Any of the forgoing could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additional laws and regulations governing international operations could negatively impact or restrict our operations. 
 If we further expand our operations outside of the U.S., we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to operate. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of any foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the U.S. to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring us to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the company, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because in many countries hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. 
 Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the U.S., or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. If we expand our presence outside of the U.S., it will require us to dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws, and these laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing or selling certain products and product candidates outside of the U.S., which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 
 We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations of any such laws and regulations. 
 Among other matters, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations, which are collectively referred to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm and other consequences. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. We also expect our non-U.S. activities to increase in time. We plan to engage third parties for clinical trials and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations and other regulatory approvals, and we can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. 
 Risks related to managing business and operations 
 Public health outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely impact our business, including our preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 Public health outbreaks, epidemics and pandemics could adversely impact our business. For example, the novel strain of coronavirus, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2, identified in Wuhan, China in December 2019, and the resulting disease from SARS-CoV-2, or COVID-19, has become a global pandemic. This disease, including recent acceleration of the spread of more transmissible variants of COVID-19, continues to spread in the areas in which we operate. The pandemic and government measures taken in response have had a significant impact, both directly and indirectly, on businesses and commerce throughout the world generally: worker shortages have occurred; supply chains have been disrupted; facilities and production have been suspended; and demand for certain goods and services, such as medical services and supplies, has spiked, while demand for other goods and services, such as travel, has fallen. While, as of the date of this report, we have not experienced any material disruptions to the execution of the research and development activities that we currently have underway, as a result of the pandemic, including the impact of emerging variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, including the recent acceleration of the spread of the more transmissible variant strains in the areas in which we operate, and the availability and utilization of COVID-19 vaccines, and with respect to any future epidemics, all of which remain uncertain and difficult to predict, we may continue to experience disruptions that could severely impact research and development, and commercialization timelines and outcomes, including, but not limited to: 
 
 delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; 
 delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 
 diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 
 interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal, state or foreign governments, employers and others or interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures (such as procedures that are deemed non-essential under law, regulation or institutional policies), which may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints and the inability of patients to travel to trial sites or complete scheduled study visits; 
 interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which may impact review and approval timelines; 
 interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems; 
 interruptions in preclinical studies due to restricted or limited operations at our contracted research facilities; 
 unforeseen costs we may incur as a result of the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including the costs of mitigation efforts; 
 deterioration of worldwide credit and financial markets that could limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures; 
 investment-related risks, including difficulties in liquidating investments due to current market conditions and adverse investment performance; 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our research and development activities, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; and 
 interruptions or limitations of the types described affecting our service providers and collaboration partners, including contract research organizations running clinical trials and collaboration partners sponsoring clinical trials in which we are supplying our product candidates or otherwise participating. 
 
 Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, several vaccines for COVID-19 have received Emergency Use Authorization by the FDA and some of these vaccines later received marketing approval. Additional vaccines may be authorized or approved in the future. The resultant demand for vaccines and potential for manufacturing facilities and materials to be commandeered under the Defense Production Act of 1950, or equivalent foreign legislation, may make it more difficult to obtain materials or manufacturing slots for the products needed for our clinical trials, which could lead to delays in these trials. In addition, the trading prices for common stock of other biopharmaceutical companies have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, including the recent acceleration of the spread of the more transmissible variants of COVID-19 in the areas in which we operate, and the continuing and long-term impacts are difficult to predict. While the negative effects of the pandemic appear to be lessening and vaccines have been widely distributed and continue to be distributed in the U.S., numerous other countries have not developed or distributed vaccines at all or on widespread bases, and, therefore, may continue to see widespread impact of the COVID-19 virus. The negative economic impacts on economies generally, resulting volatility in the stock market, and the negative impact on many industries, the workforce and retailers continue to be felt. Additionally, there have emerged numerous variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, and there is a possibility that the vaccines we currently have available will not be protective against such variant strains, as well as concerns around stagnant vaccination rates, recent acceleration of the spread of more transmissible variants of COVID-19 in the areas in which we operate, and related factors which continue to impede progress toward the return to pre-pandemic activities and levels of consumer confidence. The extent to which the current pandemic and any potential future resurgences or outbreaks impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic spread and distribution of the disease, the duration of the pandemic, travel restrictions and social distancing in the U.S. and other countries, business closures or business disruptions, the success of treatments and vaccines designed to combat the COVID-19 virus and the effectiveness of other actions taken in the U.S. and other countries to diagnose, contain and treat the disease. If we or any of the third parties with whom we engage were to experience shutdowns or other business disruptions, our ability to conduct our business and development activities in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively impacted. There can be no assurance that any such disruptions or delays will not materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, access to financial resources and our financial condition. 
 If we lose key management personnel, or if we fail to recruit additional highly skilled personnel, our ability to pursue our business strategy will be impaired, could result in loss of markets or market share and could make us less competitive. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biopharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our management, scientific and medical personnel, including Saqib Islam, our Chief Executive Officer, Frank Perier, our Chief Financial Officer, Bhavesh Ashar, our Chief Commercial Officer, Badreddin Edris, our Chief Operating Officer, L. Mary Smith, our Chief Development Officer, and James Cassidy, our Chief Medical Officer. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees, and other scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements for these individuals, could harm our business. 
 Competition for skilled personnel in our industry is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all. To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided equity incentive awards that vest over time, and from time to time we will consider additional forms of incentives given then-prevailing company circumstances and market conditions. The value to employees of restricted stock units and awards and stock options that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams are at-will employees and may terminate their employment with us on short notice. We do not maintain key man insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. Given the stage of our programs and our plans to expand operations, our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior personnel across our organization. 
 Our business could be negatively affected by cyber security threats. 
 A cyberattack or similar incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, damage to our reputation, or financial loss. We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure, including 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 mobile technologies, to operate our business. Our technologies, systems, networks, or other proprietary information, and those of our vendors, suppliers and other business partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of proprietary and other information, or could otherwise lead to the disruption of our business operations. Cyberattacks are becoming more sophisticated and certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended period and could lead to disruptions in critical systems or the unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information. These events could lead to financial loss due to remedial actions, loss of business, disruption of operations, damage to our reputation, or potential liability. Our systems and insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. Furthermore, as cyberattacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyberattacks. 
 We are increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology (IT) systems and data to operate our business. Any failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security lapse of that technology, including security attacks, incidents, and/or breaches, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 
 We have outsourced significant parts of our IT and business infrastructure to third-party providers, and we currently use these providers to perform critical IT and business services for us. We are therefore vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks and incidents on the associated networks and systems, whether they are managed by us directly or by the third parties with whom we contract, and we have experienced and may in the future experience such cybersecurity threats and attacks. In the context of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the risk of such threats and attacks increased, as virtual and remote working became more widely used, and sensitive data is accessed by employees working in less secure, home-based environments. The way we work continues to have and will likely continue to contain a significant remote component in most aspects of the business and we will continue to factor this into our cybersecurity risk management strategy. In addition, due to our reliance on third-party providers, we have experienced and may in the future experience interruptions, delays, or outages related to IT service availability due to a variety of factors outside of our control, including technical failures, natural disasters, fraud, or security attacks experienced by or caused by these third-party providers. Interruptions in the service provided by these third-party providers could affect our ability to perform critical tasks. 
 As a global pharmaceutical company, our systems are subject to frequent cyber-attacks. Due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, our efforts may not prevent service interruptions or security breaches (e.g., ransomware attacks). Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. 
 Despite the implementation of security technical and organizational measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties with which we contract, are vulnerable to damage from security incidents, breaches, and/or attacks (e.g., ransomware, computer viruses, worms, and other destructive or disruptive software), unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures. System failures, accidents, or security attacks and/or breaches of our systems could result in operational interruptions and/or a material disruption of our clinical and commercialization activities and business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to remedy. The loss or compromised integrity of clinical trial data could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any systems disruptions, security incidents, or security breaches were to result in a loss of, damage to, or compromised integrity of our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and our product research, development, and commercialization efforts could be disrupted or delayed. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to provide compensation for any losses associated with such events. 
 We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification, or intentional or accidental disclosure or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company, including personal information of our personnel. In addition, outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or those of our vendors or fraudulently induce our personnel or personnel of our vendors to disclose sensitive information to gain access to our data. Like other companies, we have on occasion, and will continue to experience, threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, and other security incidents, breaches, and attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. Although we have experienced some of the events described above, to date, they have not had a material impact on our operations. Still, the occurrence of any of the events described above in the future could disrupt our business operations and result in enforcement actions or liability, including potential fines and penalties, claims for damages, and shareholder litigation. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Security incidents could also include supply chain attacks which, if successful, could cause a delay in the manufacturing of our product or drug candidates. Our key business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. In addition, our increased use of cloud technologies could heighten these and other operational risks, and any failure by cloud technology service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption, or loss of confidential or proprietary information. 
 Finally, as we increase our commercial activities and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, we may become a more attractive target for malicious third parties. If a material breach of our security or that of our third-party providers occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, we could lose business and our reputation and credibility could be damaged. We could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair or replace information assets and/or information systems. We could also be required to change third-party providers and/or products at significant cost. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring, and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. Any breach of our security measures by third-party actions, employee negligence and/or error, malfeasance, defects, or compromise of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our data could result in: 
 severe harm to our reputation or brand, or a material and adverse effect on the overall market perception of our technical and organizational measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information; 
 individual and/or class action lawsuits, which could result in financial judgments against us potentially causing us to incur legal fees and costs; 
 legal or regulatory enforcement action, which could result in fines and/or penalties and which would cause us to incur legal fees and costs; and/or 
 additional costs associated with responding to business interruption or security incidents and/or breaches, such as investigative and remediation costs, the costs of providing individuals and/or data owners with notice of the breach, legal fees, the costs of any additional fraud or cyber detection activities, or the costs of prolonged system disruptions or shutdowns. 
 Any of these events could materially adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, academic collaborators, partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, academic collaborators, partners and vendors. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to comply with the laws of the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the U.S. and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws, or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the U.S., our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. These laws may impact, among other things, our current activities with principal investigators and research patients, as well as proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs. We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, academic collaborators, partners and vendors, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent such activities may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could result in the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, imprisonment, disgorgement, possible exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment of our operations. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our development activities involve the use of biological and hazardous materials and can produce hazardous waste products. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials, which could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by our third-party manufacturers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages and such liability could exceed our resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and/or interrupt our business operations. 
 Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not carry specific biological waste or hazardous waste insurance coverage, workers compensation or property and casualty and general liability insurance policies that include coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. 
 Changes in tax law could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state, and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of our common stock. In recent years, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. Future changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. Shareholders should consult with their legal and tax advisers regarding the implications of potential changes in tax laws on an investment in our common stock. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax credit carryforwards may be subject to limitation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal, state and city net operating loss carryforwards of 368.3 million, 260.9 million and 3.7 million, respectively, which are available to reduce future taxable income. Federal net operating loss carryforwards generated 2018 through 2022 of 364.0 million will be limited to offset 80 of taxable income for an indefinite period of time, until fully utilized. Federal net operating loss carryforwards of 4.3 million reported in 2017, and the state and city net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates through 2040. We also have federal tax credits of 22.7 million, which may be used to offset future tax liabilities. These tax credit carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in 2038. 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the Code, as amended, changes in our ownership may limit the amount of our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards that could be utilized annually to offset our future taxable income, if any. This limitation would generally apply in the event of a cumulative change in ownership of our company of more than 50 within a three-year period. Any such limitation may significantly reduce our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards before they expire. Private placements and other transactions that have occurred since our inception, as well as our initial public offering, may trigger such an ownership change pursuant to Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. Any such limitation, whether as the result of the initial public offering, prior private placements, sales of our common stock by our existing stockholders or additional sales of our common stock by us, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in future years. Generally, under current law, federal net operating losses generated after December 31, 2017 are not subject to expiration and may not be carried back to prior taxable years. However, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, suspended the 80 taxable income limitation for net operating losses generated in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to the extent these losses are exhausted during the special five-year carryback period or during the 2018, 2019 or 2020 tax years. Additionally, as noted above, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, the CARES Act provisions no longer apply and the deductibility of such federal net operating losses is limited to 80 of our taxable income in any future taxable year. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. Portions of our future clinical trials may be conducted outside of the U.S. and unfavorable economic conditions resulting in the weakening of the U.S. dollar would make those clinical trials more costly to operate. In addition, regarding the current Russia-Ukraine conflict, while we do not have any clinical trial sites or operations in Ukraine or Russia, if the current conflict expands into the region continues, resulting heightened economic sanctions from the U.S. and the international community, in addition to environmental regulations, could limit our ability to procure or use certain materials or manufacturing slots for the products needed for our clinical trials, which could lead to delays in these trials. Furthermore, the most recent global financial crisis caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets, and, in recent months, we have observed increased economic uncertainty in the U.S. and abroad. A severe or prolonged economic downturn (including inflation or uncertainty caused by political violence and chaos) could result in a variety of risks to our business, including a reduced ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy or international trade disputes could also strain our suppliers, some of which are located outside of the U.S., possibly resulting in supply disruption, including lack of renewals. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from governments with respect to Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG, policies and practices may cause us to incur additional costs or expose us to additional risks. 
 
 There has been increasing public focus and scrutiny from investors and governmental and nongovernmental organizations on corporate ESG practices. Our ESG practices may not meet the standards of all of our stockholders and advocacy groups may campaign for further changes. A failure, or perceived failure, to respond to related expectations could cause harm to our business and reputation and have a negative impact on the market price of our securities. New governmental regulations could result in new regulations and new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and disclosures which may lead to increased expenditures for sustainability initiatives. 
 Risks related to a company s financial position and need for additional capital 
 The amount of our future losses is uncertain and our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, each of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including the following: 
 the timing and success or failure of clinical trials for our product candidates or competing product candidates, or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or partners; 
 our ability to successfully recruit and retain subjects for clinical trials, and any delays caused by difficulties in such efforts; 
 our ability to obtain marketing approval for our product candidates, and the timing and scope of any such approvals we may receive; 
 the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research and development activities relating to our product candidates, which may change from time to time; 
 the cost of manufacturing our product candidates, which may vary depending on the quantity of production and the terms of our agreements with manufacturers; 
 our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; 
 expenditures that we will or may incur to develop additional product candidates; 
 the level of demand for our product candidates should they receive approval, which may vary significantly; 
 the timing and level of investment in commercialization efforts to support product candidates, both before and after regulatory approval is obtained; 
 the risk/benefit profile, cost and reimbursement policies with respect to our product candidates if approved, and existing and potential future therapeutics that compete with our product candidates; and 
 future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies. 
 The cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Risks related to common stock 
 An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 
 Our shares of common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on September 13, 2019. Given the limited trading history of our common stock, there is a risk that an active trading market for our shares will not be sustained, which could put downward pressure on the market price of our common stock and thereby affect the ability of our stockholders to sell their shares. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using our shares of common stock as consideration. 
 The price of our stock is and may continue to be volatile, and stockholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control and often unrelated or disproportionate to our financial performance, including limited trading volume. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk factors section and elsewhere in this report, these factors include: 
 the completion of our ongoing registrational clinical trial for nirogacestat and the commencement, enrollment, or results of our potentially registrational clinical trial for mirdametinib; 
 any delay in our regulatory filings for our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file letter or a request for additional information; 
 adverse results from or delays in future clinical trials; 
 our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 
 adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval of our product candidates or any future product candidate; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates or any future product candidate, including but not limited to clinical trial requirements for approvals; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 adverse developments concerning our manufacturers; 
 our inability to obtain adequate product supply for any approved product or inability to do so at acceptable prices; 
 our inability to establish collaborations or partnerships, if needed; 
 our failure to commercialize our product candidates, if approved; 
 additions or departures of key medical, scientific or management personnel; 
 unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates; 
 introduction of new products or services offered by us or our competitors; 
 clinical trial results for other product candidates that could compete with our product candidates; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 
 our cash position; 
 our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 
 publication of research reports about us or our industry, or product candidates in particular, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 
 trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in accounting practices; 
 ineffectiveness of our internal controls; 
 disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 
 significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 
 general political and economic conditions; and 
 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic factors (including the Russia-Ukraine conflict) and have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. If the market price of our common stock does not exceed a stockholder's purchase price, such stockholder may not realize any return on their investment in us and may lose some or all of their investment. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new and existing compliance initiatives. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act which require, among other things, that we file, with the SEC, annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, was enacted. There are significant corporate governance and executive compensation related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that require the SEC to adopt additional rules and regulations in these areas such as say on pay and proxy access. 
 Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 
 If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. As of December 31, 2022, we had 62,423,129 shares of common stock outstanding, of which 893,713 shares are restricted shares subject to future vesting. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 62.8 of our shares of common stock are beneficially held by directors, executive officers and holders of more than 5 of our common stock and will be subject to certain limitations of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 
 In addition, shares of common stock that are either subject to outstanding options or reserved for future issuance under our existing equity compensation plans will become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting schedules and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act. If these additional shares of common stock are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Additionally, the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the 2019 Stock Option and Equity Incentive Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, with January 1, 2020 having been the first of such increases and continuing through and including January 1, 2030, by 5 of the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares as determined by our board of directors. Unless our board of directors elects not to increase the number of shares available for future grant each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 
 We will be required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management will be required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting could detect problems that our management s assessment did not, and could lead to additional findings, potentially including material weaknesses. Material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting could lead to restatements of our financial statements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 We are subject to certain reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our headquarters are located in Stamford, Connecticut, where we have leased approximately 24,000 square feet of office space under a lease that expires in April 2028, with two five-year renewal options or one ten-year renewal option. Our development operations are based in Durham, North Carolina, where we have leased approximately 10,350 square feet of office space under a lease that expires in 2023, with two five-year renewal options. We believe that our current and planned facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the foreseeable future, and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock has been listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "SWTX" since September 13, 2019. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Common Stock. 
 Holders of our Common Stock 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were approximately 168 shareholders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 The following graph shows the value of an investment of 100 from September 13, 2019, or the date our common stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market, through December 31, 2022, in our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Index (S P 500), the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, and Nasdaq Composite Index. The historical stock price performance of our common stock shown in the performance graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

100 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchase of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the section titled Selected financial data and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to "we," "us," "our," "SpringWorks," or the "Company" refer to SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc., together with its subsidiaries. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties.We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the developments in our business and the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from the results discussed or projected in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. We discuss risks and other factors that we believe could cause or contribute to these potential differences elsewhere in this Annual Report, including under Item 1A. Risk Factors and under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the developments in our business and the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made by us, which speak only as of the date they are made. We disclaim any obligation, except as specifically required by law and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in our expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company applying a precision medicine approach to acquiring, developing and commercializing life-changing medicines for underserved patient populations suffering from devastating rare diseases and cancer. We have a differentiated portfolio of small molecule targeted oncology product candidates and are advancing two late- stage clinical trials, one registrational and one potentially registrational, in rare tumor types, as well as several other programs addressing highly prevalent, genetically defined cancers. Our strategic approach and operational excellence across research, translational science, and clinical development have enabled us to rapidly advance our two lead product candidates into late-stage clinical trials, enabling a New Drug Application, or NDA, submission for one such candidate in December 2022 that was accepted by the FDA in February 2023 and granted priority review with an assigned Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, target action date of August 27, 2023, while simultaneously entering into multiple shared-value partnerships with industry leaders to expand our portfolio. From this foundation, we are continuing to build a differentiated fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company intensely focused on understanding patients and their diseases in order to develop transformative targeted medicines. 
 As described in Part I, Item 1. "Business," we currently have three product candidates in clinical development. Refer to Part I, Item 1. "Business" for a summary of our clinical programs. 
 On September 7, 2022, we and certain accredited investors, or the Investors, entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which we agreed to sell and issue to the Investors in a private placement transaction, or the Private Placement, an aggregate of 8,650,520 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, at a purchase price of 26.01 per share. Upon closing of the Private Placement, we received gross proceeds of approximately 225 million, and after deducting commissions and offering costs, net proceeds were approximately 216.8 million. In connection with the Private Placement, we and the Investors also entered into a registration rights agreement providing for the registration for resale of the shares of our common 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 stock. The shares were registered for resale pursuant to our registration statement on Form S-3, or the Registration Statement, filed with the SEC on October 6, 2020, and the prospectus supplement relating to the shares, filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022. 
 On September 6, 2022, we entered into an expanded global, non-exclusive license and collaboration agreement with GSK, or the GSK License Agreement, for nirogacestat in combination with either belantamab mafodotin (belamaf), or with any other cytotoxic antibody-drug conjugate targeting B-cell maturation antigen, or BCMA, derived from belantamab that is controlled by GSK, either alone as a combination therapy, or together with other pharmaceutical agents. Concurrent with the execution of the GSK License Agreement, we entered into a stock purchase agreement, or the Stock Purchase Agreement, with an affiliate of GSK, Glaxo Group Limited, or GGL, under which GGL purchased 2,050,819 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, in a private placement transaction for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 75.0 million, or 36.57 per share. The shares were sold at a 25 premium to the volume-weighted average share price of Common Stock for a specified 30-day period prior to entering into the Stock Purchase Agreement. We are also eligible to receive up to 550.0 million in additional payments based on reaching certain development and commercial milestones. We retain full commercial rights to nirogacestat. Additionally, we will continue to supply nirogacestat for future belamaf clinical trials and will seek to make nirogacestat commercially available in markets where approval has been sought by GSK for combination with belamaf. GSK will continue to fund all development costs, except for those related to the supply of nirogacestat and certain expenses related to intellectual property rights. 
 On February 25, 2021, we entered into a sales agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with Cowen and Company, LLC, or Cowen, pursuant to which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock having aggregate offering proceeds of up to 200.0 million, or the Shares, from time to time through Cowen as our sales agent. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Cowen may sell the Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an "at the market offering" as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We may sell the Shares in amounts and at times to be determined by us from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, but we have no obligation to sell any Shares under the Sales Agreement. We or Cowen may suspend or terminate the offering of Shares upon notice to the other party and subject to other conditions. In August 2022, we sold 2,247,500 shares of Common Stock under this at-the-market offering program, or ATM Program, for gross proceeds of 69.7 million, less commissions of 1.9 million for net proceeds of 67.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 130.3 million remains available under the ATM Program. 
 
 On October 13, 2020, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock. In connection with the offering, we issued and sold 5,637,254 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 51.00 per share. The net proceeds from the offering were 269.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 17.2 million and offering expenses of approximately 0.8 million. 
 Since our inception in August 2017, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to conducting research and development activities for our product candidates, executing our business development strategy, building our intellectual property portfolio, organizing and staffing our company, building commercialization capabilities, business planning, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these activities. 
 To date, we have derived all of our revenue and deferred revenue from the nonrefundable upfront payment we received under the asset purchase and exclusive license agreement with Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, or Jazz, the Jazz Agreement, and from the GSK License Agreement. We do not have any products approved for commercial sale or sources of recurring revenue. We had cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale marketable securities of 597.0 million and 432.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily with proceeds from the sale of our securities including net proceeds of 269.5 million from our follow-on financing in October 2020, net proceeds of 67.8 million from the ATM program in August 2022, gross proceeds of approximately 75.0 million from the Stock Purchase Agreement entered into concurrently with the GSK License Agreement in September 2022 and net proceeds of 216.8 million from the Private Placement in September 2022. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will enable us to fund our operational expenses and capital expenditure requirements into 2026. 
 Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were 277.4 million, 173.9 million, and 45.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 569.9 million and 292.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. In addition, we anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 
 advance the development of our lead product candidates, nirogacestat and mirdametinib, through late-stage clinical trials, including registrational clinical trials and potentially for other indications; 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on our own or jointly with third parties; 
 advance our development programs for our other product candidates through preclinical and clinical development and into later-stage clinical development; 
 seek marketing approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 
 invest in or in-license other technologies or product candidates for further preclinical and clinical development; 
 hire additional personnel, including clinical, quality control, scientific, medical, business development, finance and other technical personnel, and continue to build our infrastructure; 
 expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development, manufacturing, business development and commercialization efforts and our operations as a public company; 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio. 
 We will not generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for nirogacestat or mirdametinib, we expect to incur significant expenses related to developing our commercialization capabilities to support product sales, marketing and distribution activities, either alone or in collaboration with others. 
 
 Our license and collaboration agreements 
 Pfizer license agreements 
 In August 2017, we entered into a license agreement, or the Nirogacestat License Agreement, with Pfizer pursuant to which we acquired exclusive worldwide rights to nirogacestat. We subsequently amended the Nirogacestat License Agreement in July of 2019 with regard to certain provisions relating to intellectual property. Pursuant to the Nirogacestat License Agreement, as amended, we are required to pay Pfizer payments of up to an aggregate of 232.5 million upon achievement of certain commercial milestone events. We will pay Pfizer tiered royalties on sales of nirogacestat at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the low 20s, which may be subject to deductions for expiration of valid claims, amounts due under third-party licenses and generic competition. 
 In August 2017, we entered into a license agreement, or the Mirdametinib License Agreement, with Pfizer, collectively with the Nirogacestat License Agreement referred to as the Pfizer License Agreements , pursuant to which we acquired exclusive worldwide rights to mirdametinib. We subsequently amended the Mirdametinib License Agreement in August of 2019 with regard to certain provisions relating to intellectual property. Pursuant to the Mirdametinib License Agreement, as amended, we are required to pay Pfizer up to an aggregate of 229.8 million upon achievement of certain commercial milestone events. We will pay Pfizer tiered royalties on sales of mirdametinib at percentages ranging from the mid-single digits to the low 20s, which may be subject to deductions for expiration of valid claims, amounts due under third-party licenses and generic competition. 
 TEAD license agreement 
 In May 2021, we entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, or KU Leuven, and the Flanders Institute for Biotechnology, or VIB, pursuant to which we in-licensed a portfolio of novel small molecule inhibitors of the TEA Domain, or TEAD, family of transcription factors, designed for the potential treatment of biomarker-defined solid tumors driven by aberrant Hippo pathway signaling. Under the terms of the agreement, we made an upfront payment of 11 million to KU Leuven and VIB. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, KU Leuven and VIB are also eligible to receive up to 285 million in development, regulatory and commercial milestones, and tiered single-digit percentage royalties based on any future net sales of products developed based on the in-licensed technology. 
 EGFR license agreement 
 In October 2021, we entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Dana-Farber and a sponsored research agreement with Stanford Medicine, or Stanford, for a portfolio of novel small molecule inhibitors of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor, or EGFR, designed for the treatment of EGFR-mutant cancers. Under the terms of the license agreement with Dana- 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Farber, we made an upfront payment to Dana-Farber and Dana-Farber will be eligible to receive development and commercial milestones and royalties based on any future net sales generated based on the in-licensed technology. 
 Concurrent with the execution of the license agreement with Dana-Farber, we entered a multi-year sponsored research agreement with Stanford to fund continued research and development in a laboratory at Stanford Medicine as well as collaborating laboratories at Dana-Farber. The sponsored research agreement with Stanford is intended to support lead optimization and translational biology efforts as the EGFR inhibitor portfolio advances towards development candidate nomination. Pursuant to the sponsored research agreement, we have been granted the option to negotiate for licenses to further intellectual property which might arise from performance of the sponsored research. 
 BeiGene clinical collaboration agreement 
 In August 2018, we entered into a clinical collaboration agreement with BeiGene, Ltd., or BeiGene, to evaluate the safety, tolerability and preliminary efficacy of combining lifirafenib and mirdametinib in a Phase 1b clinical trial for patients with advanced or refractory solid tumors. Pursuant to the agreement, each party is solely responsible for its costs associated with manufacturing and supply of its compound for the clinical trial. We and BeiGene share equally the other costs associated with the clinical trial. 
 GSK expanded non-exclusive license and collaboration agreement 
 In September 2022, we announced an expansion of our ongoing, non-exclusive clinical collaboration with GSK, which originally commenced in June 2019. The announcement coincided with our entry into the GSK License Agreement for the potential continued development and commercialization of nirogacestat in combination with either belamaf, GSK s antibody-drug conjugate, or ADC, targeting BCMA or any other cytotoxic ADC targeting BCMA derived from belantamab that is controlled by GSK, either alone as a combination therapy, or together with other pharmaceutical agents. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the GSK License Agreement and concurrent with the execution of such agreement, we entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement, under which GGL purchased 2,050,819 shares of our common stock in a private placement transaction for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 75.0 million, or 36.57 per share. The shares were sold at a 25 premium to the volume-weighted average share price of our common stock for a specified 30-day period prior to entering into the Stock Purchase Agreement. 
 Under the terms of the GSK License Agreement, we are also eligible to receive up to 550.0 million in additional payments, if certain development and commercial milestones are met. We continue to retain full commercial rights to nirogacestat. Additionally, SpringWorks will supply nirogacestat for future belamaf clinical trials and will seek to make nirogacestat commercially available in markets where approval has been sought by GSK for a combination with belamaf. GSK will continue to fund all development costs, except for those related to the supply of nirogacestat and certain expenses related to intellectual property rights. 
 Other clinical collaboration agreements related to nirogacestat and BCMA-directed therapy combination development 
 
 In addition to the GSK Collaboration Agreement, we have entered into several other clinical trial collaboration and supply agreements with industry partners to evaluate nirogacestat in combination with BCMA-directed therapies of various modalities, including CAR T-cell therapies, bispecific antibodies and monoclonal antibodies, in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. 
 
 Each partner is responsible for administering the clinical trial to evaluate its respective BCMA-directed therapy in combination with nirogacestat and is responsible for all costs associated with the direct conduct of the clinical trial, other than the manufacture and supply of nirogacestat and certain expenses related to intellectual property rights. Each collaboration is managed by a joint committee by us and the respective partners. 
 
 Unless earlier terminated, each collaboration agreement will expire upon completion of the analyses contemplated by the clinical trial. Either we or the respective party may terminate the collaboration agreement for other reasons specified within the collaboration agreement. 
 Jazz Pharmaceuticals asset purchase and exclusive license agreement 
 In October 2020, we and Jazz announced the Jazz Agreement, pursuant to which Jazz acquired our fatty acid amide hydrolase, or FAAH, inhibitor program including PF-04457845. Jazz made an upfront payment of 35 million to us with potential future payments of up to 375 million based upon the achievement of certain clinical development, regulatory, and commercial milestones. In addition, Jazz is obligated to pay us sales-based royalties on future net sales of PF-04457845. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 See Business License and collaboration agreements for more information on our license and collaboration agreements. 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2, was identified in Wuhan, China. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization designated the outbreak of COVID-19, the disease associated with SARS-CoV-2, as a global pandemic. The disease, including emerging variant strains of COVID-19, continues to spread in the areas in which we operate. Governments and businesses around the world have taken unprecedented actions to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, including, but not limited to, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, significant restrictions on travel, as well as restrictions that prohibit many employees from going to work. Starting at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we initiated a number of business continuity measures to mitigate potential disruption to our operations and in order to preserve the integrity of our research and development programs. Our response has evolved over the course of the COVID-19 pandemic, and we have largely resumed normal operations. To date, we have not experienced any material disruptions to the execution of the research and development activities that we currently have underway; however, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any impacts of emerging variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, stagnant vaccination rates and related factors, we may experience disruptions that could impact our research and development and commercialization timelines and outcomes. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, along with the impact of emerging variants, on our business. While the extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic impacts our future results will depend on future developments, the pandemic and associated impacts, including the duration, spread and intensity of the pandemic (including any resurgences), the impact of emerging variant strains of the COVID-19 virus and the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, all of which remain uncertain and difficult to predict, could result in a material impact to our business, prospects, future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Components of our results of operations 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have derived all of our revenue and deferred revenue from the nonrefundable upfront payment we received under the Jazz Agreement and from the GSK License Agreement. We have not generated any commercial revenue from the sale of products. If our development efforts for our current product candidates or additional product candidates that we may develop in the future are successful and can be commercialized, we may generate revenue in the future from sales of approved products. In addition, we may enter into collaboration and license agreements from time to time that provide for certain payments due to us. Accordingly, we may generate revenue from such collaboration or license agreements in the future. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Our research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in connection with the development of our product candidates. These expenses include: 
 employee-related expenses, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for our research and development personnel; 
 fees paid to consultants for services directly related to our research and development programs; 
 expenses incurred under agreements with third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, investigative clinical trial sites, academic institutions and consultants that conduct research and development activities on our behalf or in collaboration with us; 
 costs associated with preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 costs associated with the manufacture of drug substance and finished drug product for preclinical testing and clinical trials; 
 costs associated with technology and intellectual property licenses; and 
 an allocated portion of facilities and facility-related costs, which include expenses for rent and other facility-related costs and other supplies. 
 External costs for research and development expenses are tracked on a program-by-program basis. Expenditures for clinical development, including upfront licensing fees and milestone payments associated with our product candidates, are charged to 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 research and development expense as incurred. These expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing development activities, including salaries and benefits, materials and supplies, preclinical expenses, clinical trial and related clinical manufacturing expenses, depreciation of equipment, contract services and other outside expenses. Costs for certain development activities, such as manufacturing and clinical trials, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using either time-based measures or data such as information provided to us by our vendors on actual activities completed or costs incurred. 
 We expect our research and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in activities related to developing our product candidates and our preclinical programs, and as certain product candidates advance into later stages of development, including nirogacestat, for which we submitted an NDA in December 2022, and the ReNeu trial, our potentially registrational Phase 2b clinical trial of mirdametinib. The process of conducting the necessary clinical trials to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. As a result, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, finance, corporate, commercial, business development and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal fees relating to patent and corporate matters; professional fees for accounting, auditing, tax and administrative consulting services; insurance costs; administrative travel expenses; and facility-related expenses, which include direct depreciation costs and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and other operating costs. 
 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support the continued development of our product candidates and expand operations to support the organization, including commercialization. 
 Interest and other income 
 Interest and other income consists primarily of interest income. Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale marketable securities. 
 Equity investment loss 
 The equity investment loss represents our share of the losses from the MapKure investment, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
 Income taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for using the asset-and-liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized as income in the period that includes the enactment date. Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded in the provision for income taxes. 
 We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies and results of recent operations. Valuation allowances are provided, if based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. If management determines that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of our net recorded amount, management would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 
 We record uncertain tax positions in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) management determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 threshold, management recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 
 We provide reserves for potential payments of tax to various tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions. These reserves are based on a determination of whether and how much of a tax benefit taken by us in its filings or positions is more likely than not to be realized following resolution of any potential contingencies related to the tax benefit. Potential interest related to the underpayment of income taxes will be classified as a component of income tax expense and any related penalties will be classified in income tax expenses in the statement of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have federal, state and city net operating loss carryforwards of 368.3 million, 260.9 million and 3.7 million, respectively, which are available to reduce future taxable income. Federal net operating loss carryforwards generated 2018 through 2022 of 364.0 million, will be available to offset 80 of taxable income for an indefinite period of time, until fully utilized. Federal net operating loss carryforwards of 4.3 million reported in 2017, and the state and city net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates through 2040. We also have federal tax credits of 22.7 million, which may be used to offset future tax liabilities. These tax credit carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in 2038. 
 
 Results of operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Operating expenses: Research and development 146,122 101,676 44,446 44 General and administrative 134,552 71,792 62,760 87 Total operating expenses 280,674 173,468 107,206 62 Loss from operations (280,674) (173,468) (107,206) 62 Interest and other (expense) income: Other (expense) income, net (138) (152) 14 (9) Interest income, net 6,285 698 5,587 800 Total interest and other income 6,147 546 5,601 1026 Equity investment loss (2,890) (988) (1,902) 193 Net loss (277,417) (173,910) (103,507) 60 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expense increased by 44.4 million to 146.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 101.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 44 . 
 Our research and development expenses are summarized in the table below: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Personnel-related 70,876 39,102 31,774 Licensing, trial and drug manufacturing 66,447 57,181 9,266 Facility-related and other 8,799 5,393 3,406 Total research and development expenses 146,122 101,676 44,446 
 
 The increase in research and development expense was primarily attributable to a 31.8 million increase in internal costs driven by the growth in employee costs associated with increases in the number of personnel, including an increase in stock-based 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 compensation expense, and an increase of 22.6 million in external costs related to drug manufacturing, clinical trial and other research, partially offset by an 11.0 million decrease in licensing costs related to the nonrefundable upfront payment to KU Leuven and VIB for the in-licensing of the TEAD inhibitor program in May 2021. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 134.6 million and 71.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, as follows: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Personnel-related 81,441 44,861 36,580 Professional and consulting fees 43,996 20,923 23,073 Facility-related and other 9,115 6,008 3,107 Total general and administrative expenses 134,552 71,792 62,760 
 The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to a 36.6 increase in internal costs driven by the growth in employee costs associated with increases in the number of personnel, including an increase in stock-based compensation expense as we continue to expand our operations to support the organization, and a 23.1 million increase in information technology costs and consulting and professional services, including legal, regulatory and compliance, as we continue to build new capabilities, including commercial. 
 Other income 
 The increase in other income was driven by an increase in interest income, net, during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was attributable to a significant increase in interest rates, which drove a higher return on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for the full year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Change Licensing revenue 35,000 (35,000) (100) Operating expenses: Research and development 101,676 51,859 49,817 96 General and administrative 71,792 29,465 42,327 144 Total operating expenses 173,468 81,324 92,144 113 Loss from operations (173,468) (46,324) (127,144) 274 Interest and other (expense) income: Other (expense) income, net (152) 25 (177) (708) Interest income, net 698 1,330 (632) 100 Total interest and other income 546 1,355 (809) (60) Equity investment loss (988) (605) (383) 63 Net loss (173,910) (45,574) (128,336) 282 
 Revenue 
 We did not recognize any revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue of 35.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 was attributable to the nonrefundable upfront payment from Jazz in October 2020 related to the asset purchase and exclusive license agreement between us and Jazz. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expense increased by 49.8 million to 101.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 51.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 96 . 
 The increase in research and development expense was attributable to a 25.4 million increase in external costs related to licensing, drug manufacturing and trial costs, a 23.2 million increase in internal costs driven by the growth in employee costs associated with increases in the number of personnel and an increase in non-cash share-based compensation expense, and a 1.2 million increase in facility-related, and other miscellaneous department expenses. The increase in external costs was driven by an increase of 14.4 million in external costs related to drug manufacturing and trial costs and the 11.0 million nonrefundable upfront payment to KU Leuven and VIB for the in-licensing of the TEAD inhibitor program. 
 Our research and development expenses are summarized in the table below: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Personnel-related 39,102 15,900 23,202 Trial and drug manufacturing 57,181 31,766 25,415 Facility-related and other 5,393 4,193 1,200 Total research and development expenses 101,676 51,859 49,817 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 71.8 million and 29.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, as follows: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2021 2020 Change Personnel-related 44,861 16,476 28,385 Professional and consulting fees 20,923 10,437 10,486 Facility-related and other 6,008 2,552 3,456 Total general and administrative expenses 71,792 29,465 42,327 
 The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to the hiring of additional personnel in our general and administrative functions, as we continued to expand our operations to support the organization, including commercialization capabilities, and an increase in non-cash share-based compensation expense. In addition, general and administrative expense included a 10.5 million increase in information technology costs and consulting and professional services, including legal, regulatory and compliance. 
 Other income 
 The decrease in other income was driven by a decrease in interest income, net, during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This decrease was attributable to a significant decline in interest rates as a result of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which drove a lower return on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for a portion of 2020 and during the full year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily with proceeds from the sale of our securities including net proceeds of 269.5 million from our follow-on financing in October 2020, net proceeds of 67.8 million from the ATM program in August 2022, gross proceeds of approximately 75.0 million from the Stock Purchase Agreement entered into 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 concurrently with the GSK License Agreement in September 2022 and net proceeds of 216.8 million from the Private Placement in September 2022. 
 We have incurred operating losses and experienced negative operating cash flows since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for at least the foreseeable future. Our net loss was 277.4 million, 173.9 million and 45.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 569.9 million and 292.5 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Funding requirements 
 Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, including our research and development programs, as well as our commercialization activities and corporate operations. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable, accrued expenses and prepaid expenses. 
 We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance as of December 31, 2022, will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into 2026. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our marketable securities consist of high-quality, highly liquid available-for-sale debt securities including corporate debt securities, U.S. government securities, non-U.S. government securities, and commercial paper. 
 Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the following: 
 the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates; 
 the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval in regions where we choose to commercialize our products on our own; 
 the degree of commercial success achieved following the successful completion of development and regulatory approval activities for a product candidate. 
 the clinical development plans we establish for our product candidates; 
 the number and characteristics of product candidates that we develop; 
 the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the European Medicines Agency and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 
 the terms of our existing and any future license or collaboration agreements we may choose to enter into, including the amount of upfront, milestone and royalty obligations; 
 the other costs associated with in-licensing new technologies, such as any increased costs of research and development and personnel; 
 the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
 the cost of defending intellectual property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us or our product candidates; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; and 
 the cost and timing of completion of commercial-scale outsourced manufacturing activities; 
 We will need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements for clinical trials, other research and development expenditures, commercial activities and business development efforts. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical studies. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and marketing, distribution or licensing 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, current ownership interests will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect rights of common stockholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making acquisitions or capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research, product development or future commercialization efforts, or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Cash flows 
 The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash used in operating activities (161,563) (127,877) (32,191) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (215,597) 83,592 (418,832) Net cash provided by financing activities 340,702 1,157 270,485 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (36,458) (43,128) (180,538) 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 161.6 million, 127.9 million, and 32.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to our net loss for the year of 277.4 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 77.8 million and a net change of 38.1 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of 73.0 million for equity-based compensation expense, 1.1 million for non-cash operating lease expense amortization and 2.9 million for the equity investment loss associated with our investment in MapKure. The change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a net increase of 17.5 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses, 19.5 million in deferred revenue, 1.9 million in prepaid expenses and other non-current assets, partially offset by a 0.9 million decrease in lease liability, driven by cash payments for operating leases. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to our net loss for the year of 173.9 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 40.9 million and a net change of 5.1 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of 38.4 million for equity-based compensation expense, 1.0 million for non-cash operating lease expense amortization and 1.0 million for the equity investment loss associated with our investment in MapKure. The change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a net increase of 12.0 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by a 5.3 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other non-current assets, and a 1.4 million decrease in lease liability, driven by cash payments for operating leases. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily due to our net loss for the year of 45.6 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 12.0 million and a net change of 1.3 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of 10.0 million for equity-based compensation expense, 1.0 million for non-cash operating lease expense amortization and 0.6 million for the equity investment loss associated with our investment in MapKure. The change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a net increase of 4.6 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by a 2.0 million increase in prepaid expenses and other non-current assets, and a 1.4 million decrease in lease liability, driven by cash payments for operating leases. 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 215.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by the purchases of available-for-sale debt securities of 481.1 million, capital expenditures of 10.2 million, our June 2022 investment in MapKure of 4.2 million, offset by the proceeds from the sale and maturity of available-for-sale debt securities of 279.8 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 million. Net cash provided by investing activities was 83.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by net sales of available-for-sale marketable securities of 85.6 million. Net cash used in investing activities was 418.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to the purchase of available-for-sale debt securities of 442.7 million, our June 2020 investment in MapKure of 3.5 million and capital expenditures of 0.6 million, offset by the proceeds from the sale and maturity of available-for-sale debt securities of 28.0 million. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 340.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by net proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 340.1 million. Net cash provided by financing activities was 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of proceeds from stock option exercises. Net cash provided by financing activities was 270.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and consisted of proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs of 269.6 million as well as stock option exercises of 0.9 million. 
 
 Contractual obligations and other commitments 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business for clinical trials, preclinical studies, manufacturing and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination following a certain period after notice and therefore we believe that our non-cancelable obligations under these agreements are not material. 
 We have not recorded any reserves for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue 
 We recognize revenue for consideration received related to the development and commercialization of medicines, which is conducted through various means, including in-house development by us, joint development or collaboration agreements with third parties, sale or out licensing of product rights, and others. The terms of these arrangements and agreements may contain multiple promised goods and services, which may include licenses, know-how, drug product, related agreements and other deliverables. Payments to us under these arrangements may include one or more of the following: upfront license fees; milestone payments; and royalties on future product sales. 
 Arrangements Within the Scope of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC 606, which applies to all contracts with customers, except for contracts that are within the scope of other standards, such as collaboration arrangements and leases. 
 Pursuant to ASC 606, we recognize revenue when our customers obtain control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which we determine we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that we determine are within the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s) in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s) in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy our performance obligation(s). As part of the accounting for these arrangements, we may be required to make significant judgments, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each performance obligation. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess the goods or services promised within the contract and determine those that are performance obligations. 
 We assess whether each promised good or service is distinct for the purpose of identifying the performance obligations in the contract. This assessment involves subjective determinations and may require management to make judgments about the individual promised goods or services and whether such are separable from the other aspects of the contractual relationship. Promised goods and services are considered distinct provided that: (i) the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (that is, the good or service is capable of being distinct) and (ii) the entity s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (that is, the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract). In assessing whether a promised good or service is distinct, we consider factors such as the research, manufacturing and commercialization capabilities of the customer and the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace. We also consider the intended benefit of the contract in assessing whether a promised good or service is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. If a promised good or service is not distinct, an entity is required to combine that good or service with other promised goods or services until it identifies a bundle of goods or services that is distinct. 
 If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, we estimate the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer. We determine the amount of variable consideration by using the expected value method or the most likely amount method. We include the unconstrained amount of estimated variable consideration in the transaction price. The amount included in the transaction price is constrained to the amount for which it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, we re-evaluate the estimated variable consideration included in the transaction price and any related constraint, and if necessary, adjust our estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period of adjustment. 
 We then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time or over time, and if over time based on the use of an output or input method. 
 Licenses of intellectual property: The terms of our license agreements include the license of functional intellectual property, given the functionality of the intellectual property is not expected to change substantially as a result of our ongoing activities. For licenses that are bundled with other promises (that is, for licenses that are not distinct from other promised goods and services in an arrangement), we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue. 
 Up-front Fees: If a license agreement is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement, we recognize revenue from the transaction price allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other promises, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the license is deemed to be the predominant item and if the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time. 
 Milestone Payments: At the inception of each arrangement that includes milestone payments (variable consideration), we evaluate whether the milestones are considered probable of being reached and estimate the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments such as developmental and regulatory approval milestones, are generally not considered probable of being achieved until the related activity has been achieved, due to the uncertain nature of the success of clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approvals, which make it unlikely that a significant revenue reversal could be deemed not probable, until such time that the related event has occurred. 
 Royalties: For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including commercial milestone payments based on the level of sales, and the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, we recognize revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). 
 Reimbursement, cost-sharing and profit-sharing payments: Under certain arrangements, we have been reimbursed for a portion of our research and development expenses or participates in the cost-sharing of such research and development expenses. Such reimbursements and cost-sharing arrangements have been reflected as a reduction of research and development expense in our 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 consolidated statements of operations, as we do not consider performing research and development services for reimbursement to be a part of our ongoing major or central operations. 
 Accrued research and development costs 
 Research and Development expenditures are charged to research and development expense as incurred. These expenses consist of expenses incurred in performing development activities, including salaries and benefits, equity-based compensation expense, preclinical expenses, clinical trial and related clinical manufacturing expenses, contract services and other outside expenses. Expenses incurred for certain research and development activities, including expenses associated with particular activities performed by contract research organizations, investigative sites in connection with clinical trials and contract manufacturing organizations, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress or completion of specific tasks using either time-based measures or data such as information provided to us by our vendors on actual costs incurred. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ from the pattern of expense recognition. Expenses for research and development activities incurred that have yet to be invoiced by the vendors that perform the related activities are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as accrued expenses. Advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for research and development activities are deferred and capitalized. The capitalized amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 
 We do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred. For the periods presented, we have experienced no material differences between our accrued expenses and actual expenses. 
 
 Recent accounting pronouncements 
 See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements for more information. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The primary objectives of our investment activities are to ensure liquidity and to preserve capital. We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks include interest rate sensitivities. We had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 597.0 million and 432.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which consisted of bank deposits, highly liquid money market funds and investments in high-quality, highly liquid available-for-sale debt securities. Historical fluctuations in interest rates have not been significant for us. We had no outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022. Due to the short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and the high-quality, highly liquid nature of our available-for-sale debt marketable securities, an immediate one percentage point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash equivalents. To minimize the risk in the future, we intend to maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities in institutional market funds that are composed of U.S. Treasury and U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase agreements, short-term U.S. Treasury securities and investments in high-quality, highly liquid available-for-sale debt securities including corporate debt securities, government-sponsored enterprise securities and commercial paper. We do not believe that inflation, interest rate changes or exchange rate fluctuations had a significant impact on our results of operations for any periods presented herein. 
 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of business. These risks primarily include interest rate sensitivities. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 116 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 118 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 119 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 120 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) 
 121 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 122 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 123 

115 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity/(deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued Research and Development Costs Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company s accrual for research and development costs totaled 12.3 million as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, expenses incurred for certain research and development activities, including expenses associated with particular activities performed by contract research organizations, investigative sites in connection with clinical trials and contract manufacturing organizations, are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress or completion of specific tasks using either time-based measures or data such as information provided to the Company by its vendors on actual costs incurred. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ from the pattern of costs incurred. 
 
 Auditing the Company s research and development accruals is especially complex due to the significant management judgement to estimate costs incurred and not yet billed at each reporting period as a result of the volume of clinical trials and the extent of third-party service providers utilized. Additionally, due to the duration of the clinical trials as well as the timing of invoices received from third parties, actual amounts incurred are not typically known as of the audit report date. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s accounting for research and development costs, including controls over the completeness and valuation of accrued research and development expenses. 
 
 To test the Company s research and development accrual, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions that are used by management to estimate the recorded accruals and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. To test the significant assumptions, we inspected the Company s contracts with third-party service providers and any related amendments, corroborated the progress of clinical trials and other research and development projects with the Company s research and development personnel that oversee these activities and obtained information received directly from third parties, which included the third parties estimate of costs incurred to date. We also tested subsequent invoicing received from third parties to assess the completeness of the recorded accruals. 
 Revenue Recognition for Non-Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement with GSK plc, GSK Agreement Description of the Matter 
 
 As discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized 19.5 million in deferred revenue related to its GSK Agreement as of December 31, 2022. The revenue related to this agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 was immaterial. 
 
 Determining the distinct performance obligations in the arrangement is highly judgmental and required Management to make subjective judgments about the promised goods and services and whether those are separable from the other aspects of the contractual relationship. Auditing Management s determination of the distinct performance obligations likewise required significant auditor judgment. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 To audit the Company s determination of the performance obligations, we performed the following audit procedures that included, among others, testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the identification of distinct performance obligations, reading the GSK Agreement to identify the promised goods and services, reviewing the Company s documentation of its accounting conclusions and evaluating the application of the accounting guidance. We also corroborated our understanding of the contract and each party s rights and obligations in the contract with the Company s research and development personnel overseeing the activity related to the GSK Agreement as well as the Company s internal legal counsel. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per-share data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term marketable securities Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Equity investment Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue, current Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, long-term Deferred revenue, long-term Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, at cost and shares of common stock at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively). 
 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except share and per-share data) 2022 2021 2020 Licensing revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest and other (expense) income: Other (expense) income, net ) ) Interest income, net Total interest and other income Equity investment loss ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Changes in other comprehensive income: Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities, net ) ) Total changes in other comprehensive income ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity/(Deficit) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Common Treasury (in thousands, except share and unit data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock upon closing of follow-on offering, net of issuance cost Forfeitures of restricted stock awards ) Exercise of stock options Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net Loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock awards Forfeitures of restricted stock awards ) Exercise of stock options Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Net Loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock to GSK Issuance of common stock in private placement, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock under at-the-market offering, net of issuance costs Issuance of restricted stock awards Forfeitures of restricted stock awards ) Restricted stock units vested Exercise of stock options Shares of common stock used to satisfy tax withholding obligations ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Net Loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Non-cash operating lease expense Stock compensation expense Equity investment loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Lease liability ) ) ) Deferred revenue Other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Equity investments ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale and maturity of debt securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon closing of follow-on offering, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock to GSK Proceeds from issuance of common stock in private placement, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock under at-the-market offering, net of issuance costs Treasury stock ) Proceeds from stock option exercises Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents including Restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents including Restricted cash, end of period Supplemental non-cash items not included above resulting from the adoption of ASC 842 Initial recognition of operating lease right of use asset Initial recognition of lease liabilities ) Non-cash investing activities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 of the programs are late-stage clinical product candidates: nirogacestat and mirdametinib. In December 2022, the Company submitted a New Drug Application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for nirogacestat for the treatment of adults with desmoid tumors. In February 2023, the NDA filing was accepted by the FDA and granted priority review with an assigned Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, target action date of August 27, 2023. 
 Private Placements 
 On September 7, 2022, the Company and certain accredited investors, or the Investors, entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and issue to the Investors in a private placement transaction, or the Private Placement, an aggregate of shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of per share. In connection with the Private Placement, the Company received gross proceeds of approximately million, and after deducting commissions and offering costs, net proceeds were approximately million. In connection with the Private Placement, the Company and the Investors also entered into a registration rights agreement, dated September 7, 2022, providing for the registration for resale of the shares. The shares were registered for resale pursuant to the Registration Statement and the prospectus supplement relating to the shares filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022. 
 On September 6, 2022, the Company entered into an expanded global, non-exclusive license and collaboration agreement with GSK, plc, formerly GlaxoSmithKline plc, or GSK, for nirogacestat in combination with belantamab mafodotin (belamaf) and, concurrent with the execution of such agreement, we entered into a stock purchase agreement, or the Stock Purchase Agreement, with an affiliate of GSK, Glaxo Group Limited, or GGL, under which GGL agreed to purchase from the Company in a private placement transaction shares of Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, or per share. The shares were sold at a premium to the volume-weighted average share price of the Company s Common Stock for a specified period prior to entering into the Stock Purchase Agreement. 
 At-the-Market Offering 
 On February 25, 2021, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC, pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell shares of common stock having aggregate offering proceeds of up to million from time to time through Cowen as our sales agent. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Cowen may sell the Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an "at the market offering" as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company may sell the shares of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement in amounts and at times to be determined subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, but has no obligation to sell any shares under the Sales Agreement. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold shares of Common Stock under the ATM Program for gross proceeds of million, less commissions and other fees of million for net proceeds of million. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million remains available under the ATM Program. 
 Follow-On Offering 
 On October 13, 2020, the Company completed the sale of shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering, including shares of common stock sold pursuant to the underwriter's full exercise of their option to purchase additional shares, at an offering price of per share, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of million. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization designated the outbreak of the disease associated with the novel strain of coronavirus known as COVID-19 as a global pandemic. This disease, including emerging variant strains of COVID-19, 
 123 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 million and million, and working capital of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. To date, we have derived all of our revenue and deferred revenue from the nonrefundable upfront payment we received under the Jazz Agreement and from the GSK License Agreement. The Company does not have any products approved for commercial sale or sources of recurring revenue. The Company is subject to those risks associated with any biopharmaceutical company that has substantial expenditures for development. There can be no assurance that the Company s development projects will be successful, that products developed will obtain necessary regulatory approval, or that any approved product will be commercially viable. In addition, the Company operates in an environment of rapid technological change and is largely dependent on the services of its employees, advisors, consultants and vendors. 
 The Company had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Based on the Company s cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at December 31, 2022, management estimates that its current liquidity will enable it to meet operating expenses through at least twelve months after the date that these financial statements were issued. 
 
 3. 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 operating segment. 
 
 The Company had cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of million and million, respectively. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 126 

Table of Contents 

. 
 Stock compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line method, based on the grant date fair value, over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting term. 
 For awards subject to performance conditions, as well as awards containing both market and performance conditions, the Company recognizes equity award compensation expense using an accelerated recognition method over the remaining service period when management determines that achievement of the milestone is probable. Management evaluates when the achievement of a performance-based milestone is probable based on the expected satisfaction of the performance conditions as of the reporting date. 
 The Company recognizes forfeitures at the time of the actual forfeiture event in accordance with the adoption of the guidance per Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, No. 2016-9. 
 The grant-date fair value of performance-based awards with market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation method that incorporates the probability of the performance conditions being met as of the grant date. 
 For stock options issued, the Company estimates the grant date fair value and the resulting stock-based compensation expense using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of certain subjective assumptions which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. Inputs used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are: 
 Fair value of common stock, which is the current trading price of the Company s common stock. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 
 4. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 ) Non-U.S. government securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper Long-term investments: Corporate debt securities ) Total ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Marketable securities: Short-term investments: U.S. government securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper Long-term investments: U.S. government securities ) Total ) 
 The Company s marketable securities are available-for-sale securities and consist of high-quality, highly liquid debt securities including corporate debt securities, U.S. government securities, non-U.S. government securities, and commercial paper. 
 The Company s available-for-sale securities classified as short-term marketable securities in the consolidated balance sheet mature within one year or less of the balance sheet date. Marketable securities that mature greater than one year from the balance sheet date are classified as long-term. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not hold any investments that matured beyond five years. 
 
 5. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term investments: U.S. government securities Non-U.S. government securities Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Long-term investments: Corporate debt securities Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 Fair Value Hierarchy (in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial instruments carried at fair value (asset position): Cash equivalents: Money market funds Short-term investments: U.S. government securities Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Long-term investments: U.S. government securities Total 
 The Company s financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis included cash equivalents, which consist of money market funds, and marketable securities. 
 The Company s money market funds are readily convertible into cash and the net asset value of each fund on the last day of the quarter is used to determine fair value. The U.S. government securities are classified as Level 1 and valued utilizing quoted market prices. The Company s corporate debt securities, non-U.S. government securities, and commercial paper are classified as Level 2 and valued utilizing various market and industry inputs. 
 The carrying amounts reflected in the Company s consolidated balance sheets for cash equivalents, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Length of lease or years, whichever is shorter 
 Computer equipment - years 
 Furniture years Software - years 
 Construction in process Property and equipment, gross Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 million from the previous tenant in connection with the assumption of the lease. The Company established a security deposit of million in the form of a letter-of-credit. In January 2022, the Company amended this lease agreement to extend the lease term through April 2028, with renewal options or renewal option. The lease payments increase by in each year commencing December 1, 2022. 
 In August 2018, the Company entered into a operating lease in Durham, NC (the location of the Company s clinical development operations), with renewal options. The lease payments increase by in each of the subsequent of the operating lease term. Rental payments under the renewal period will be at current market rates for the premises. 
 Variable Total lease cost 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 Total operating lease assets Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, long-term Total operating lease liabilities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to the Company s leases was as follows: 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 8. 
 Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued research and development Accrued other Total accrued expenses 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 General and administrative Total equity compensation expense 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The 2019 Equity Incentive Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards, unrestricted stock awards and dividend equivalent rights to the Company s officers, employees, directors and other key persons (including consultants). The number of shares available for issuance under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan is cumulatively increased each January 1, through and including January 1, 2030, by of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or such lesser number of shares determined by the Company s compensation committee. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future issuance under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 The terms of stock options and restricted stock awards, including vesting requirements, are determined by the Board of Directors or its delegates, subject to the provisions of the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. Stock options and restricted stock awards granted by the Company to employees generally vest over three or , and stock options and restricted stock awards granted by the Company to directors generally vest over one or three years. 
 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 On August 30, 2019, the Company s stockholders approved the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP, which became effective immediately preceding the effectiveness of the Company s registration statement on September 12, 2019 in connection with the IPO. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the ESPP. In addition, the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the ESPP will automatically increase each January 1, through and including January 1, 2028, by the lesser of (i) shares of common stock, (ii) of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or (iii) such lesser number of shares determined by the administrator of the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP. No offering periods under the ESPP had been initiated as of December 31, 2022. 
 Stock Options 
 A 
 133 

Table of Contents 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Aggregate intrinsic value is calculated by subtracting the exercise price of the option from the closing price of the Company s common stock on closing date, multiplied by the number of shares per each option. 
 Assumptions used in determining the fair value of the stock options granted in 2022 include risk-free interest rates of , expected dividend yield of , expected term in years of years - years and expected volatility of - . 
 2019 CEO Performance Award 
 In June 2019, the Company s CEO received an award of stock options, or the 2019 CEO Performance Award. The 2019 CEO Performance Award can vest over monthly installments based on of service, a performance condition (a liquidity event, such as an IPO) and market conditions, assuming continued employment and service through each vesting date. During the vesting period of , the 2019 CEO Performance Award is not earned unless the market condition is achieved on each vesting date. If the market condition is not achieved on a vesting date, but is achieved on a future vesting date, the award is earned for the entire period since the last date that such market condition was achieved. All or a portion of the award can be earned following the initial service period if the market condition is next achieved after such service period and Mr. Islam remains in continuous service. The market condition and performance condition are satisfied when the Company s common stock is listed on a U.S. national securities exchange and achieves a -trading day average closing price of at least per share (as adjusted for stock splits, recapitalizations, and similar events). 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, options of the CEO performance award became exercisable upon the satisfaction of the market condition applicable to this award. 
 At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average remaining period of approximately years. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total stock compensation expense for stock options was million. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested and outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested and outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested and outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock awards was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average remaining period of approximately years. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total restricted stock awards compensation expense was million. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested and outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average remaining period of approximately years. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total restricted stock unit compensation expense was million. 
 
 10. 
 license agreements with Pfizer Inc., or Pfizer, for rights to certain technologies, or the License Agreements. Under the License Agreements, the Company obtained from Pfizer the right to use research, develop, manufacture and commercialize certain products, including nirogacestat and mirdametinib. In connection with the License Agreements, the Company issued units of Junior Series A convertible preferred units to Pfizer (see Note 1). cash was received by the Company for these units. 
 The Company is required to pay Pfizer milestones payments of up to an aggregate of million for nirogacestat and up to an aggregate of million for mirdametinib, each upon achievement of certain commercial milestone events. Royalties are also payable under each License Agreement based on a specified percentage of net sales ranging from mid-single digit percentages to low 20s, Royalty payments under each License Agreement continue until the expiration of the last to expire licensed patent applicable to such product, but not less than after the first commercial sale on a country-by-country basis. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, in connection with this collaboration agreement, which are classified as research and development expenses in the Company s statements of operations. 
 TEAD inhibitor portfolio license agreement 
 
 In May 2021, the Company announced an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, or KU Leuven, and the Flanders Institute for Biotechnology, or VIB, pursuant to which the Company in-licensed a portfolio of novel small molecule inhibitors of the TEA Domain, or TEAD, family of transcription factors, designed for the potential treatment of biomarker-defined solid tumors driven by aberrant Hippo pathway signaling. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company made an upfront payment of million to KU Leuven and VIB, which was recorded as research and development expense in the consolidated statement of operations. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, KU Leuven and VIB are also eligible to receive up to million in development, regulatory and commercial milestones and tiered single-digit percentage royalties based on any future net sales of products developed based on the in-licensed technology. 
 
 EGFR inhibitor portfolio license agreement and sponsored research agreement 
 
 In October 2021, the Company announced an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, or Dana-Farber, pursuant to which it in-licensed a portfolio of novel small molecule inhibitors of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor, or EGFR, designed for the treatment of EGFR-mutant lung cancers. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company made an upfront payment to Dana-Farber, which was recorded as research and development expense in the consolidated statement of operations. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Dana-Farber is also eligible to receive development and commercial milestones and royalties based on any future net sales of products developed based on the in-licensed technology. 
 Concurrent with this license agreement, the Company entered a multi-year sponsored research agreement with Stanford Medicine to fund continued research and development in a laboratory at Stanford Medicine as well as collaborating laboratories at Dana-Farber. This sponsored research agreement is intended to support lead optimization and translational biology efforts as the EGFR inhibitor portfolio advances towards development candidate nomination. 
 GSK expanded non-exclusive license and collaboration agreement 
 In September 2022, the Company announced an expansion of its ongoing, non-exclusive clinical collaboration with GSK, which originally commenced in June 2019. The announcement coincided with the entry by the Company and GSK into an amended and restated collaboration and license agreement, or the GSK License Agreement, for the potential continued development and commercialization of nirogacestat in combination with either belantamab mafodotin (belamaf), GSK s antibody-drug conjugate, or ADC, targeting B-cell maturation antigen, or BCMA, or any other cytotoxic ADC targeting BCMA derived from belantamab that is controlled by GSK, either alone as a combination therapy, or together with other pharmaceutical agents. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the GSK License Agreement and concurrent with the execution of such agreement, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with GGL, under which GGL purchased shares of the Company s Common Stock in a private placement transaction for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, or per share. The shares were sold at a premium to the volume-weighted average share price of the Company s Common Stock for a specified period prior to entering into the Stock Purchase Agreement. The fair value of the Common Stock based on the closing price of Common Stock on the day prior to the effective date of the Stock Purchase Agreement was million and was recorded to equity. The million received in excess of the fair value of the Common Stock represents consideration for the license for the potential continued development and commercialization of nirogacestat in combination with GSK compounds, together with the clinical supply of nirogacestat for future belamaf clinical trials and certain research and development costs associated with nirogacestat. The Company recorded the million as deferred revenue in September of 2022 and will recognize revenue as the corresponding performance obligation is satisfied in proportion to expenses incurred, including clinical supply and research and development expenses, associated with the GSK License Agreement. For the year 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 million in additional payments, if certain development and commercial milestones are met. The Company continues to retain full commercial rights to nirogacestat. Additionally, SpringWorks will seek to make nirogacestat commercially available in markets where approval has been sought by GSK for a combination with belamaf. 
 Jazz Pharmaceuticals asset purchase and exclusive license agreement 
 In October 2020, the Company and Jazz announced an asset purchase and exclusive license agreement, pursuant to which Jazz acquired the Company s fatty acid amide hydrolase, or FAAH, inhibitor program including PF-4457845. The FAAH inhibitor program was obtained by the Company as part of the License Agreements in 2018. Jazz made an upfront payment of million to the Company with potential future payments of up to million based upon the achievement of certain clinical development, regulatory, and commercial milestones. In addition, Jazz is obligated to pay the Company tiered sales-based royalties on future net sales of PF-4457845 in the single-digit range. 
 Pursuant to the Jazz Agreement, Jazz is obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for at least one product in the United States and if regulatory approval is obtained, to commercialize such product in the United States. 
 Consideration received under the Jazz Agreement 
 The Company evaluated the Jazz Agreement under ASC 606, and determined there was a single performance obligation and the license was the predominant item in a bundle of goods that was distinct. The Company transferred all items in the bundle of goods, including the license, in the period ended December 31, 2020. The license is functional intellectual property, given the functionality of the intellectual property is not expected to change substantially as a result of the Company s ongoing activities, and accordingly, revenue should be recognized at a point in time. The Company recognized the upfront payment as revenue in the period ended December 31, 2020. The Company will not recognize development or regulatory approval milestones until the related activity has been achieved; and royalties, including commercial milestone payments based on the level of sales, will be recognized at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied), which for the Jazz Agreement will be the period when the related sales occur. 
 
 11. 
 Series A preferred units of MapKure, or a ownership interest, for million and in June 2020, the Company purchased an additional Series A preferred units of MapKure for million , increasing its ownership interest to , as required by the terms of the Series A unit purchase agreement. 
 In June 2022, the Company made an additional investment in MapKure and purchased Series B preferred units of MapKure for million, pursuant to the terms of a Series B preferred unit purchase agreement. The Company is obligated to purchase an additional Series B preferred units of MapKure for million at a second closing under such agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership interest in MapKure was . In addition to the Company s equity ownership in MapKure, the Company has appointed a member to each of MapKure s joint steering committee and board of directors. The Company also contributes to clinical development and other operational activities for BGB-3245 through a service agreement with MapKure. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 million loss for its portion of MapKure s losses. The Company s investment in MapKure is included in Equity method investments in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of the Company s involvement with MapKure is million, representing the carrying value of the investment of million plus the unfunded obligation of million. 
 Series B preferred units of MapKure for million. 
 
 12. 
 
 13. 
 million, million and million, respectively, which are available to reduce future taxable income. Federal net operating loss carryforwards generated 2018 through 2022 of million, will be available to offset of taxable income for an indefinite period of time, until fully utilized. Federal net operating loss carryforwards of million reported in 2017, and the state and city net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates through 2040. The Company also has federal tax credits of million, which may be used to offset future tax liabilities. These tax credit carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in 2038. 
 The net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant shareholders over a three-year period in excess of 50 , as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively, as well as similar state provisions and other provisions within the Internal Revenue Code. This could limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to an ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 Since the Company is in a loss carryforward position, it is generally subject to examination by the U.S. federal, state and local income tax authorities for all tax years in which a loss carryforward is available. The Company is not currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service or any other jurisdictions for any tax years. 
 Research and development credits Orphan drug credit Accrued expenses Depreciation Capitalized research and development Stock compensation Operating lease liabilities Partnership investment Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liability: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Depreciation ) Other ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 ASC 740 requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. After consideration of all evidence, both positive and negative, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 because the Company s management has determined that it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized. The increase in the valuation allowance of million in 2022 primarily relates to the net loss incurred by the Company as well as federal research and orphan drug credits generated. 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 percent. 
 U.S. state and local income taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax benefit Stock-based compensation ) ) Research and development credit Orphan drug credit Other Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Effective tax rate 

14. 
 million was included in the statement of operations. 
 
 15. 

16.) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 Restricted stock units subject to future vesting Restricted stock awards subject to future vesting Total potentially dilutive securities 
 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Based on our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria ). Based on its assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, which occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022 which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity/(deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 28, 2023 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements filed as part of this report are listed on the Index to Financial Statements on page 115 . 
 Financial Statement Schedule 
 All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 Exhibits 
 The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 The Company has elected not to include summary information. 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Registrant, as currently in effect. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2019). 
 3.2 Bylaws of the registrant, as currently in effect. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2019). 
 3.3 Amendment to Bylaws of the Registrant, as currently in effect. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2020). 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing shares of common stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated August 30, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 4.3 Description of the Registrant s Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2020.) 
 4.4 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2021 (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2021). 
 10.1 2019 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.2 Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Option and Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder (I ncorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2 4 , 202 2 ). 
 10.3 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.4 Senior Executive Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.5 Second Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Polic y (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2022). 
 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement, by and between the Registrant and each of its Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement, by and between the Registrant and each of its Officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.8 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement by and among the Registrant, Pfizer Inc., SpringWorks Subsidiary 2, Inc. and Pfizer Products, Inc., dated July 31, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.9 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement by and among the Registrant, Pfizer Inc., SpringWorks Subsidiary 3, Inc. and Warner-Lambert Company LLC, dated August 7, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.10 
 Clinical Collaboration Agreement by and among SpringWorks Subsidiary 3, PBC and BeiGene, Ltd., dated August 16, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.11 
 Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement by and between the Registrant and GlaxoSmithKline LLC, dated June 25, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 10.11.1 
 Amendment No. 1 dated October 22, 2021, to the Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2019, between GlaxoSmithKline LLC and SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39044) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 27, 2021). 
 10.12 
 Assignment and Assumption of Lease, dated as of October 10, 2018, by and between R D Subsidiary and Structured Portfolio Management LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 10.13# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Saqib Islam (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2021). 
 10.14# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Francis I. Perier, Jr. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2021). 
 10.15# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Badreddin Edris (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2021). 
 10.16# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Bhavesh Ashar (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2021). 
 10.17# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant and L. Mary Smith (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2021). 
 10.18# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Daniel J. Pichl (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2021). 
 10.19# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Herschel S. Weinstein (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2021). 
 10.20# Employment Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2021, by and between the Registrant and James Cassidy. 
 10.21 Sales Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. and Cowen and Company, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39044) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2021). 
 10.22 Second Lease Modification Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2022, by and between Two Harbor Point Square LLC and SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2022). 
 10.23# Retention Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. and L. Mary Smith. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2022). 
 10.24 Amended and Restated Clinical Trial Collaboration and License Agreement, dated September 6, 2022, by and between SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. and GlaxoSmithKline Intellectual Property Development Limited (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10. 4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 3 , 2022). 
 10.25 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, by and between SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. and the investor parties thereto. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-233351) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2019). 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 __________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 # Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 This certification will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent specifically incorporated by reference into such filing. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to redacted portions of this exhibit. Redacted portions of this exhibit have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 SPRINGWORKS THERAPEUTICS, INC. Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ Saqib Islam Saqib Islam Chief Executive Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Saqib Islam and Francis I. Perier, Jr., and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Saqib Islam Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 Saqib Islam, J.D. /s/ Francis I. Perier, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 28, 2023 Francis I. Perier, Jr. /s/ Michael P. Nofi Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 Michael P. Nofi /s/ Daniel S. Lynch Chairman February 28, 2023 Daniel S. Lynch, M.B.A. /s/ Carlos Alb n Director February 28, 2023 Carlos Alb n /s/ Alan Fuhrman Director February 28, 2023 Alan Fuhrman /s/ Julie Hambleton Director February 28, 2023 Julie Hambleton, M.D. /s/ Freda Lewis-Hall Director February 28, 2023 Freda Lewis-Hall, M.D, DFAPA /s/ Jeffrey Schwartz Director February 28, 2023 Jeffrey Schwartz, M.B.A. 
 
 150 

<EX-10.20>
 2
 swtx-20221231xex1020.htm
 EX-10.20

swtx-20221231xex1020 

SPRINGWORKS THERAPEUTICS, INC. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement Agreement is made as of August 16, 2021 (the Effective Date ), between SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and James Cassidy (the Employee ). WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Employee and the Employee desires to be employed by the Company on the terms contained herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 1. Employment. (a) Term. The Employee s employment pursuant to this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue until terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof (the Term ). The Employee s employment with the Company will be at will, meaning that the Employee s employment may be terminated by the Company or the Employee at any time and for any reason subject to the terms of this Agreement. (b) Position and Duties. During the Term, the Employee shall serve as the Chief Medical Officer of the Company, and shall have such duties and authorities as may from time to time be prescribed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO ). The Employee shall devote his full working time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee may serve on other boards of directors, with the approval of the CEO, or engage in religious, charitable or other community activities as long as such services and activities do not materially interfere with the Employee s performance of his duties to the Company as provided in this Agreement. 2. Compensation and Related Matters. (a) Base Salary. During the Term, the Employee s initial annual base salary shall be 450,000. The Employee s base salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board ). The base salary in effect at any given time is referred to herein as Base Salary. The Base Salary shall be payable in a manner that is consistent with the Company s usual payroll practices. (b) Incentive Compensation. During the Term, the Employee shall be eligible to receive cash incentive compensation as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee from time to time. The Employee s initial target annual incentive compensation shall be 40 of his Base Salary (the Target Annual Incentive Compensation ), with any annual incentive compensation for the year in which the Employee s employment commences prorated based on the Effective Date. The actual cash incentive compensation payable to the Employee will be subject to the Board or Compensation Committee s assessment of the Employee s performance, as well as business conditions at the Company. Except as otherwise provided 

herein, to earn incentive compensation, the Employee must be employed by the Company on the day such incentive compensation is paid. (c) Equity Grant. Subject to approval by the Board (or a committee of the Board designated by the Board), on the first day of the month following the Effective Date, the Executive shall be granted (i) a stock option with a ten (10) year term to purchase 79,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, as determined by the Board or committee thereof (the Stock Option ), and (ii) a restricted stock award of 12,500 shares of the Company s Common Stock (the RSA ). The Stock Option shall vest 25 on the first anniversary of the commencement of your employment, and thereafter in 36 equal monthly-installments until vested and the RSA shall vest 33 on each of the first two anniversaries of the date of grant and 34 on third anniversary of the date of grant, provided that as of each such vesting date you remain in a service relationship with the Company. The Stock Option and the RSA shall be subject to the terms of the 2019 Stock Option and Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (the Option Plan and the Company s standard form of stock option agreement and restricted stock agreement, as the case may be, in each case as updated from time to time by the Company (collectively, the Equity Documents ). To the maximum extent possible, the grant of the Stock Option shall be in the form of incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Employee will be eligible to participate in the Company s equity incentive program for employees from time to time, at the sole discretion of the Board or its designee. No employee is guaranteed future grants of Company incentive awards. (d) Expenses. The Employee shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by him during the Term in performing services hereunder upon presentation of receipts and otherwise in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company. (e) Other Benefits. During the Term, the Employee shall be eligible to participate in or receive benefits under the Company s employee benefit plans in effect from time to time, subject to the terms of such plans. (f) Vacations. During the Term, the Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company s policies and procedures. The Employee shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by the Company in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company. 3. Termination. During the Term, the Employee s employment hereunder may be terminated without any breach of this Agreement under the following circumstances: (a) Death. The Employee s employment shall terminate upon his death. (b) Disability. The Company may terminate the Employee s employment due to Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means the Employee is disabled and unable to perform or expected to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Employee s then existing position or positions under this Agreement with or without reasonable 

accommodation for a period of 180 days (which need not be consecutive) in any 12-month period. If any question shall arise as to whether during any period the Employee is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Employee s then existing position or positions with or without reasonable accommodation, the Employee may, and at the request of the Company shall, submit to the Company a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Company to whom the Employee or the Employee s guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether the Employee is so disabled or how long such disability is expected to continue, and such certification shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue. The Employee shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such certification. If such question shall arise and the Employee shall fail to submit such certification, the Company s determination of such issue shall be binding on the Employee. Nothing in this Section 3(b) shall be construed to waive the Employee s rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. (c) Termination by Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the Employee s employment for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean that the Company has complied with the Cause Process (hereinafter defined) following the occurrence of one of the following events: (i) conduct by the Employee constituting a material act of willful misconduct in connection with the performance of his duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates other than the occasional, customary and de minimis use of Company property for personal purposes; (ii) the commission by the Employee of any felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) any willful conduct by the Employee that would result in material economic harm to the Company or any of its subsidiaries if he were retained in his position; (iv) a material breach by the Employee of any provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation continued non-performance by the Employee of his duties under this Agreement (other than by reason of the Employee s physical or mental illness, incapacity or disability) which has continued for more than 30 days following written notice of such non-performance from the Board; (v) a material violation by the Employee of the Company s employment policies provided to the Employee in writing; or (vi) material failure to cooperate with a bona fide internal investigation by the Board or an investigation by regulatory or law enforcement authorities, after being instructed by the Company to cooperate, or the willful destruction or failure to preserve documents or other materials known to be relevant to such investigation or the inducement of others to fail to cooperate or to produce documents or other materials in connection with such investigation (subject to the limitations in the final sentence of Section (7a)). If the Employee s action(s) or omission(s) leading to the Board s determination that a Cause condition has occurred are capable of rebuttal or cure, and if the Employee rebuts or cures the applicable finding of Cause within the applicable cure period, Cause shall be deemed not to have occurred. Cause Process shall mean that: (A) the Board reasonably determines in good faith that a Cause condition has occurred; and (B) with regard to any termination of the Employee for Cause under items (i), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) above, (1) the Company will provide the Employee with written notice of its intention to terminate the Employee s employment hereunder setting forth with reasonable particularity the basis for Cause and will provide the Employee with a thirty (30) day opportunity to rebut or cure such finding of Cause and (2) the Company cooperates in good faith with the Employee s efforts, for a period of not less than 30 days following such notice to remedy the condition. (d) Termination Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Employee s 

employment at any time without Cause. Any termination by the Company of the Employee s employment which does not constitute a termination for Cause under Section 3(c) and does not result from the death or Disability of the Employee under Section 3(a) or (b) shall be deemed a termination without Cause. (e) Termination by the Employee. The Employee may terminate his employment at any time for any reason, including but not limited to Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean that the Employee has complied with the Good Reason Process (hereinafter defined) following the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) a material diminution in the Employee s title, responsibilities, authority or duties; (ii) a diminution in the Employee s base salary or target bonus opportunity except for across-the- board salary reductions based on the Company s financial performance similarly affecting all senior management employees of the Company; (iii) a greater than fifty (50) mile change in the principal office location at which the Employee provides services to the Company; or (iv) the material breach of any provisions of this Agreement by the Company. Good Reason Process shall mean that (i) the Employee reasonably determines in good faith that a Good Reason condition has occurred; (ii) the Employee notifies the Company in writing of the occurrence of the Good Reason condition within 60 days of the Employee obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of such condition; (iii) the Employee cooperates in good faith with the Company s efforts, for a period not less than 30 days following such notice (the Cure Period ), to remedy the condition; (iv) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason condition continues to exist; and (v) the Employee terminates his employment within 60 days after the end of the Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred. (f) Notice of Termination. Except for termination as specified in Section 3(a), any termination of the Employee s employment by the Company or any such termination by the Employee shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a written notice which shall indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon Employee. (g) Date of Termination. Date of Termination shall mean: (i) if the Employee s employment is terminated by his death, the date of his death; (ii) if the Employee s employment is terminated on account of Disability under Section 3(b), the date on which Notice of Termination is given; (iii) if the Employee s employment is terminated by the Company under Section 3(c), the date on which a Notice of Termination is given after the end of the Cause Process, if applicable; (iv) if the Employee s employment is terminated by the Company under Section 3(d), the date on which a Notice of Termination is given or the date otherwise specified by the Company in the Notice of Termination; (v) if the Employee s employment is terminated by the Employee under Section 3(e) other than for Good Reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given, and (vi) if the Employee s employment is terminated by the Employee under Section 3(e) for Good Reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given after the end of the Cure Period. 4. Compensation Upon Termination. (a) Termination Generally. If the Employee s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay or provide to the Employee (or to his 

authorized representative or estate) (i) any base salary earned through the Date of Termination, unpaid expense reimbursements (subject to, and in accordance with, Section 2(d) of this Agreement) and unused vacation that accrued through the Date of Termination on or before the time required by law but in no event more than 30 days after the Employee s Date of Termination; (ii) any vested benefits the Employee may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company through the Date of Termination, which vested benefits shall be paid and/or provided in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plans (collectively, the Accrued Benefit and, except in the case of a termination by the Company for Cause under Section 3(c), any incentive bonus earned for the calendar year prior to the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs which has not been paid by the Date of Termination. (b) Termination by the Company Without Cause or by the Employee for Good Reason. If the Employee s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d), or the Employee terminates his employment for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e), then the Company shall pay the Employee his Accrued Benefit. In addition, subject to the Employee signing a customary separation agreement containing, among other provisions, a general release of claims in favor of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, confidentiality, return of property and non-disparagement, in a form and substance mutually satisfactory to the Company and the Employee (the Separation Agreement and Release and the Separation Agreement and Release becoming irrevocable and fully effective, all within 60 days after the Date of Termination (or such shorter time period provided in the Separation Agreement and Release): (i) the Company shall pay the Employee an amount equal to twelve (12) months of the Employee s Base Salary plus a pro-rata payment (based on the number of days of the applicable fiscal year Employee was employed prior to termination) of the Employee s Target Annual Incentive Compensation (the Severance Amount ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Employee breaches any of the provisions contained in Section 7 of this Agreement, all payments of the Severance Amount shall immediately cease; (ii) if the Employee was participating in the Company s group health plan immediately prior to the Date of Termination and elects COBRA health continuation, then the Company shall pay to the Employee a monthly cash payment for twelve (12) months or the Employee s COBRA health continuation period, whichever ends earlier, in an amount equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to the Employee if the Employee had remained employed by the Company; and (iii) the amounts payable under Section 4(b)(i) and (ii) shall be paid out in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practice commencing within 60 days after the Date of Termination; provided, however, that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the Severance Amount shall begin to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period; provided, further, that the initial payment shall include a catch-up payment to cover amounts retroactive to the day immediately following the Date of Termination. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 

(c) The amounts payable pursuant to Section 4(a) and 4(b) are in addition to the provisions contained within any equity agreement between the Company and the Employee, if applicable. (d) Termination due to Death or Disability. In the event of the Employee s death or if the Employee incurs a separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) in connection with a Disability, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any applicable option agreement or stock-based award agreement, any stock options and other stock- based awards held by the Employee that would have vested over the 12 month period following the Employee s death or such a separation from service shall immediately accelerate and become fully exercisable or nonforfeitable as of the date of the Employee s death or such separation from service, as applicable, and any performance criteria applicable to such options or awards shall be deemed satisfied at a level of 100 . 5. Change in Control Payment. The provisions of this Section 5 set forth certain terms of an agreement reached between the Employee and the Company regarding the Employee s rights and obligations upon the occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company. These provisions are intended to assure and encourage in advance the Employee s continued attention and dedication to his assigned duties and his objectivity during the pendency and after the occurrence of any such event. These provisions shall apply in lieu of, and expressly supersede, the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding severance pay and benefits upon a termination of employment, if such termination of employment occurs within three (3) months prior to or within 18 months after the occurrence of the first event constituting a Change in Control; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the Employee be entitled to severance pay and benefits under both Section 4(b) and Section 5 of this Agreement, and if the Company has commenced providing severance pay and benefits to the Employee under Section 4(b) prior to the date that the Employee becomes eligible to receive severance pay and benefits under this Section 5, the severance pay and benefits previously provided to the Employee under Section 4(b) shall reduce the severance pay and benefits to be provided under this Section 5. The provisions of this Section 5 shall terminate and be of no further force or effect beginning 18 months after the occurrence of a Change in Control. (a) Change in Control. During the Term, if the Employee s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause as provided in Section 3(d) or the Employee terminates his employment for Good Reason as provided in Section 3(e), in either case within three (3) months prior to a Change in Control or within 18 months after a Change in Control, then, subject to the signing of the Separation Agreement and Release by the Employee and the Separation Agreement and Release becoming irrevocable and fully effective, all within 60 days after the Date of Termination (or such shorter time period provided in the Separation Agreement and Release): (i) the Company shall pay the Employee a lump sum in cash in an amount equal to the sum of (A) twelve (12) months of the Employee s Base Salary (or the Employee s Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, if higher) plus (B) one (1) times the Employee s Target Annual Incentive Compensation (or the Employee s Target Annual Incentive Compensation in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control, if higher); 

(ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any applicable option agreement or stock-based award agreement, all stock options and other stock-based awards held by the Employee shall immediately accelerate and become fully exercisable or nonforfeitable as of the Date of Termination or, if later, the Change in Control and any performance criteria applicable to such options or awards shall be deemed satisfied at a level of 100 ; (iii) if the Employee was participating in the Company s group health plan immediately prior to the Date of Termination and elects COBRA health continuation, then the Company shall pay to the Employee a monthly cash payment for twelve (12) months or the Employee s COBRA health continuation period, whichever ends earlier, in an amount equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to the Employee if the Employee had remained employed by the Company; and (iv) The amounts payable under Section 5(a)(i) and (iii) shall be paid or commence to be paid within 60 days after the Date of Termination or, if later, the Change in Control; provided, however, that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, such payment shall be paid or commence to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period. (b) Additional Limitation. (i) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of the Employee, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the applicable regulations thereunder (the Aggregate Payments ), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the Aggregate Payments shall be 1.00 less than the amount at which the Employee becomes subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code; provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in the Employee receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than the Employee would receive if the Aggregate Payments were not subject to such reduction. In such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from consummation of the transaction that is subject to Section 280G of the Code: (1) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code; (2) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code; (3) equity- based payments and acceleration; and (4) non-cash forms of benefits; provided that in the case of all the foregoing Aggregate Payments all amounts or payments that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q A-24(b) or (c) shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q A- 24(b) or (c). (ii) For purposes of this Section 5(b), the After Tax Amount 

means the amount of the Aggregate Payments less all federal, state, and local income, excise and employment taxes imposed on the Employee as a result of the Employee s receipt of the Aggregate Payments. For purposes of determining the After Tax Amount, the Employee shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual taxation in each applicable state and locality, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. (iii) The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 5(b)(i) shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm ), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Employee within 15 business days of the Date of Termination, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably requested by the Company or the Employee. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Employee. (c) Definitions. For purposes of this Section 5, the following terms shall have the following meanings: Change in Control shall mean any of the following: (i) any person, as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act (other than the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or any trustee, fiduciary or other person or entity holding securities under any employee benefit plan or trust of the Company or any of its subsidiaries), together with all affiliates and associates (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Act) of such person, shall become the beneficial owner (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50 percent or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities having the right to vote in an election of the Board Voting Securities (in such case other than as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company); or (ii) the date a majority of the members of the Board is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board before the date of the appointment or election; or (iii) the consummation of (A) any consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate more than 50 percent of the voting shares of the Company issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent corporation, if any), or (B) any sale or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its affiliates on a consolidated basis. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (i) solely as the result of an acquisition of securities by the Company which, by reducing the number of shares of Voting Securities outstanding, increases the proportionate number of Voting Securities beneficially owned by any person to 50 percent or more of the combined voting power of all of the then outstanding Voting Securities; provided, however, that if any person referred to in this sentence shall thereafter become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Securities (other than pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend, or similar transaction or as a result of an acquisition of securities directly from the Company) and immediately thereafter beneficially owns 50 percent or more of the combined voting power of all of the then outstanding Voting Securities, then a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred for purposes of the foregoing clause (i). 6. Section 409A. (a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of the Employee s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Company determines that the Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that the Employee becomes entitled to under this Agreement on account of the Employee s separation from service would be considered deferred compensation otherwise subject to the 20 percent additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment shall not be payable and such benefit shall not be provided until the date that is the earlier of (A) six months and one day after the Employee s separation from service, or (B) the Employee s death. If any such delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in accordance with their original schedule. (b) All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company or incurred by the Employee during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses). Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. (c) To the extent that any payment or benefit described in this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that such payment or benefit is payable upon the Employee s termination of employment, then such payments or benefits shall be payable only upon the Employee s separation from service. The determination of whether and when a separation from service has occurred shall be made in accordance with the presumptions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). 

(d) The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). The parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party. (e) The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to the Employee or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the conditions of, such Section. 7. Confidential Information, Noncompetition and Cooperation. As a condition of employment, the Employee is required to enter into the Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement (the Restrictive Covenant Agreement attached hereto as Annex A, the terms of which are incorporated by reference in this Agreement. (a) Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Employee s employment, the Employee shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while the Employee was employed by the Company. The Employee s cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being reasonably available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times. During and after the Employee s employment, the Employee also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while the Employee was employed by the Company. The Company shall reimburse the Employee for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Employee s performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 7(a) upon presentation of receipts. Nothing about the foregoing shall preclude the Employee from testifying truthfully in any forum or from providing truthful information to any regulatory authority or require the Employee to waive any attorney-client privilege or protection or violate any applicable law. (b) Relief. The Employee agrees that it would be difficult to measure any damages caused to the Company which might result from any breach by the Employee of the promises set forth in this Section 7, and that in any event money damages would be an inadequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly, subject to Section 8 of this Agreement, the Employee agrees that if the Employee breaches, or proposes to breach, any portion of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled, in addition to all other remedies that it may have, to an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief to restrain any such breach without showing or proving any actual damage to the Company. In addition, in the event the Employee breaches this Section 7 during a period when he is receiving severance payments pursuant to Section 4 or Section 5 hereof, the Company shall have the right to suspend or terminate such severance 

payments. Such suspension or termination shall not limit the Company s other options with respect to relief for such breach and shall not relieve the Employee of his duties under this Agreement. (c) Protected Disclosures and Other Protected Action. Nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Employee s ability to communicate with any federal, state or local governmental agency or commission, including to provide documents or other information, without notice to the Company. 8. Arbitration of Disputes. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof or otherwise arising out of the Employee s employment or the termination of that employment (including, without limitation, any claims of unlawful employment discrimination whether based on age or otherwise) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association AAA in Stamford, Connecticut, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. In the event that any person or entity other than the Employee or the Company may be a party with regard to any such controversy or claim, such controversy or claim shall be submitted to arbitration subject to such other person or entity s agreement. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Section 8 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate; provided that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 8. 9. Consent to Jurisdiction. To the extent that any court action is permitted consistent with or to enforce Section 8 of this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Connecticut and the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, the Employee (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consents to service of process; and (c) waives any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process. 10. Integration. This Agreement, together with the Restrictive Covenant Agreement and the Equity Documents, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties concerning such subject matter. 11. Withholding. All payments made by the Company to the Employee under this Agreement shall be net of any tax or other amounts required to be withheld by the Company under applicable law. 12. Successor to the Employee. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Employee s personal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. In the event of the Employee s death after his termination of employment but prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due to him under this 

Agreement, the Company shall continue such payments to the Employee s beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to his death (or to his estate, if the Employee fails to make such designation). 13. Enforceability. If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 14. Survival. The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and/or the termination of the Employee s employment to the extent necessary to effectuate the terms contained herein. 15. Waiver. No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach. 16. Notices. Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Employee at the last address the Employee has filed in writing with the Company or, in the case of the Company, at its main offices, attention of the Board. 17. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Employee and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. 18. Governing Law. This is a Connecticut contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Connecticut without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 19. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document. 20. Successor to Company. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no succession had taken place. Failure of the Company to obtain an assumption of this Agreement at or prior to the effectiveness of any succession shall be a material breach of this Agreement. 21. Conditions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the effectiveness of this Agreement shall be conditioned on (i) the Employee s satisfactory completion of reference 

and background checks, if so requested by the Company, and (ii) the Employee s submission of satisfactory proof of the Employee s legal authorization to work in the United States. 22. Gender Neutral. Wherever used herein, a pronoun in the masculine gender shall be considered as including the feminine gender unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective on the date and year first above written. SPRINGWORKS THERAPEUTICS, INC. /s/ Saqib Islam______________________________ By: Saqib Islam Its: Chief Executive Officer EMPLOYEE /s/ James Cassidy James Cassidy 

Annex A Restrictive Covenant Agreement [see attached] 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 swtx-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement on Form S-3 No. 333-249339 of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc, and 
 
 (2) Registration Statements on Form S-8 Nos. 333-262996, 333-253531, 333-237350 and 333-234365 pertaining to the 2019 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, 2019 Stock Option and Equity Incentive Plan and 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc 
 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 

New York, New York 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 swtx-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Saqib Islam, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 28, 2023 By s Saqib Islam Saqib Islam Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 swtx-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Francis I. Perier, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 28, 2023 By s Francis I. Perier, Jr. Francis I. Perier, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 swtx-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Saqib Islam, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 By s Saqib Islam Saqib Islam Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 swtx-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of SpringWorks Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Francis I. Perier, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 By s Francis I. Perier, Jr. Francis I. Perier, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 swtx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 swtx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 swtx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 swtx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 swtx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

