<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1396536_0001553350-23-000241.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7939273</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283497</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1392225</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2356613</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1644182</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2055001</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-23-000241.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-23-000241
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001396536
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				650493217
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39227
		FILM NUMBER:		23788941

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7660 CENTURION PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32256
		BUSINESS PHONE:		904-296-2807

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7660 CENTURION PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32256

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DUOS TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INFORMATION SYSTEMS ASSOCIATES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070416

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-23-000241.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 duot_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

for the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from: _____________ to _____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act . Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company , or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
from that prepared or issued its audit report: 

If securities are
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in
the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check
mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received
by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the average bid and asked price of such common equity
on June 30, 2022, was . As of March 28, 2023, the registrant has one class of common equity, and the number of shares outstanding
of such common equity is . 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP
INC. 

 2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 18 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 19 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 

Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 28 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 28 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 35 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 43 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 44 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 46 

SIGNATURES 
 47 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Certain statements made in this discussion are
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements
can be identified by terminology such as may , will , should , expects , intends ,
 anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , or continue or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology and include, without limitation, statements below regarding our business plans, the ability
to raise working capital and expectations as to market acceptance of our products. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
and there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to continue as a going concern, our ability to generate sufficient
cash to continue and expand operations, the competitive environment generally and in our specific market areas, changes in technology,
the availability of and the terms of financing, changes in costs and availability of goods and services, economic conditions in general
and in our specific market areas, changes in federal, state and/or local government laws and regulations potentially affecting the use
of our technology, changes in operating strategy or development plans and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Although
we believe that expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, performance
or achievements. Indeed, it is likely that some of our assumptions may prove to be incorrect. Our actual results and financial position
may vary from those projected or implied in the forward-looking statements and the variances may be material. Moreover, we do not assume
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of these forward-looking statements. The Company is under no duty to update any forward-looking
statements after the date of this report , except as may be required by law. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

 Our Corporate History 

 Information Systems Associates, Inc. ISA was incorporated in Florida on May 31, 1994. Our original business operations consisted of consulting services for asset management of
large corporate data centers and the development and licensing of information technology IT asset management software.
In late 2014, ISA entered negotiations with Duos Technologies, Inc. duostech for the purposes of executing a merger
between the two organizations (also known as a reverse triangular merger ). Incorporated under the laws of Florida on November
30, 1990, duostech operated in various industry segments, specializing in the design, development and deployment of proprietary
technology applications and turn-key engineered systems. This transaction was completed on April 1, 2015, whereby duostech became
a wholly owned subsidiary of ISA. After the merger was completed, ISA changed its corporate name to Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (together
with its subsidiaries, Duos, we, us or the Company ). The Company, based in Jacksonville,
Florida, oversees its wholly owned subsidiary, duostech and employs approximately 75 people and is a technology company which designs,
develops, deploys and operates intelligent technology solutions with a focus on software applications and artificial intelligence AI ).
The company has a strong portfolio of intellectual property. The Company s headquarters are located at 7660 Centurion Parkway, Suite
100, Jacksonville, Florida 32256 and main telephone number is (904) 296-2807. 

Overview 

The Company, operating under its brand name duos tech ,
develops and deploys technology systems with focus on inspecting and evaluating moving vehicles. Its technology focus is within the Vision
Technology market sector and, more specifically, the Machine Vision subsector. Machine Vision companies provide imaging-based automatic
inspection and analysis for process control for industry with potential expansion into other markets. Duos has developed key technologies
over the past several years in software, industry specific hardware and artificial intelligence and has demonstrated industrial strength
usability of its systems supporting rail, logistics and intermodal businesses that streamline operations, improve safety and reduce costs.
Our team includes engineering subject matter expertise in hardware, software, and information technology as well as industry specific
applications of artificial intelligence also referred to as Expert Artificial Intelligence. We also have specific industry experts on
staff and as consultants in the rail industry. 

Duos is currently developing industry solutions for
its target markets which will address rail, trucking, aviation and other vehicle-based processes. Duos initial offering, the Railcar Inspection
Portal (RIP), provides both freight and transit railroad customers and select government agencies the ability to conduct fully automated
railcar inspections of trains while they are moving at full speed. The RIP utilizes a variety of sophisticated optical, laser and speed
sensors to scan each passing railcar to create a high-resolution image-set of the top, sides and undercarriage. These images are then
processed with our edge data center using artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms to identify safety and security defects on each railcar.
The algorithms are developed in conjunction with industrial application experts, in this case resident Railcar Mechanical Engineers, to
provide specific guidance in the analysis human in the loop ). Within minutes of the railcar passing through the RIP, a
detailed report is sent to the customer where they are able to action identified issues. This solution has the potential to transform
the railroad industry by increasing safety, improving efficiency and reducing costs. The Company has already deployed this system with
several Class 1 railroads and anticipates an increased demand from transit and other railroad customers along with selected government
agencies that operate and/or manage rail traffic. The Company has deployed RIPs in Canada, Mexico and the United States and anticipates
expanding this solution into Europe, Asia and the Middle East in coming years. 

The Company has also developed the Automated Logistics
Information System (ALIS) which automates gatehouse operations where transport trucks enter and exit large logistics and intermodal facilities.
This solution incorporates a similar set of sensors, data processing and artificial intelligence to streamline the customer s logistics
transactions and tracking and can also automate the security and safety inspection if called for. The Company has already deployed this
system with one large North American retailer and anticipates increased demand from other large retailers, railroad intermodal operators
and select government agencies that manage logistics and border crossing points. The Company is evaluating other solutions for moving
vehicles including aircraft, which could provide similar benefits in terms of safety and efficiency for required inspections as part of
an operations process. 

1 

We have developed two proprietary solutions that
operate our software and artificial intelligence. cen t raco 
 is an Enterprise Information Management Software platform that consolidates data and events from multiple sources into a unified
and distributive user interface. Customized to the end user s Concept of Operations (CONOPS), it provides improved situational
awareness and data visualization for operational objectives compared to traditional manual inspections. true vue 360 
 is our fully integrated platform that we utilize to develop and deploy Artificial Intelligence (AI) algorithms, including Machine
Learning, Computer Vision, Object Detection and Deep Neural Network-based processing for real-time applications. 

These same Artificial Intelligence applications have
begun to open up other opportunities for the Company to provide revenue producing solutions with potentially high market adoption. 

In 2021, the Company ended support of its IT Asset
Management (ITAM) solution which cataloged results for data center asset inventory and audit services. We are currently evaluating using
our current operations experience within edge data centers (as deployed for our Railcar Inspection Portal) to drive additional
revenues within other markets requiring this type of solution although no specific offering has been developed at this time. 

In the last quarter of 2022, the Company elected not
to renew a support contract for its Integrated Correctional Automation System (iCAS) for one customer. The Company is currently looking
to sell the assets related to that business but due to the limited nature of this business, any impact is not expected to be material. 

The year 2022 ushered in a new phase in the Company s
development. Although we continue to see an extension of challenges faced in 2021, we also see positive changes and opportunities for
our business that will be discussed in greater detail later in this report. They include: 

Introducing a new subscription based offering for access
to data and images by a much broader target market including Class 1 railroads, railcar owners and lessors, short line railroads. 

Owning and operating a network of RIPs with multiple subscribers outside
of the Company s traditional customer base. 

Selling customized RIPs to Class 1, Short-line and other industrial companies
where specialized applications or routes demand a bespoke solution. 

duos tech 

Railcar Inspection Portal r i p 

Federal regulations require each railcar/train to
be inspected for mechanical defects prior to leaving a rail yard. Founded in 1934, the Association of American Railroads (AAR) is responsible
for setting the standards for the safety and productivity of the U.S./North American freight rail industry, and by extension, has established
the inspection parameters for the rail industry s rolling stock. Also known as the Why Made codes, the AAR established
approximately 110 inspection points under its guidelines for mechanical inspections. 

Under current practice, inspections are conducted
manually, a very labor intensive and inefficient process that only covers a select number of inspection points and can take several hours
per train. We believe our Railcar Inspection Portal has the potential to reduce this inspection to minutes while the train is moving at
speed improving safety, reducing dwell time and optimizing maintenance. 

2 

Our system combines high-definition image and data
capture technologies with our AI-based analytics applications that are typically installed on active tracks located between two rail yards.
We inspect railcars traveling through our inspection portal at speeds of up to 70 mph and report mechanical anomalies detected by our
system to the inbound train yard, well ahead of the train entering the yard. 

Currently, three Class 1 railroads and several transit
and international railroads use our r i p 
 technology with one of those railroads broadly deploying the technology across its network. 

The Company continues to expand its detection capabilities
through the development and integration of additional sensor technologies to include laser, infrared, thermal, sound and x-ray to process
AI-based analytics of inspection points. As of early 2023, the Company has a high-reliability catalog of over 30 artificial intelligence algorithms which
can be integrated into the RIP to enhance mechanical anomalies detections. These detections support railroads in the active maintenance
and overall safety of their railcar fleet and networks. 

Markets 

We believe the opportunity for our Railcar Inspection
Portal business is substantial and continues to be our number one priority. We are currently engaged with the RIP solution with three
of seven Class 1 railroad operators with 13 systems already deployed across the North American rail network. Because of our early leadership
position, we have been able to accumulate experience and intellectual property that we believe would be time consuming and expensive for
a new competitor to replicate. Furthermore, we believe we have the ability to upgrade and scale our solutions with additional technologies
in the future. We believe that the current market for our technologies is substantial. At the same time, we recognize that the technology
life cycle is fast and evolving. Potential competitors could move into this sector, and it is possible that some Class 1 railroads could
develop their own solutions that limit our total addressable market. 

In late 2022, the Company announced it will pursue
a subscription platform for the Railcar Inspection Portals RIPs ). Under this new model, the Company will build, own and
operate its RIP product and offer the data access for each portal to potential customers. This expansion of the RIP offering would potentially
open up the addressable market to other railroads, railcar owners, and car lessors. This shift increases the pool of potential customers
by lowering the entry point for the RIP and would reshape the Company s working capital needs to invest in the construction of a
RIP ahead of customer revenue inflows. The Company continues to explore this expansion on the long-term effects it may have on future
cash flows. 

Another market we are pursuing as our second priority
is using our Automated Logistics and Information Systems solution a l is .
Potential customers include commercial retail logistics and intermodal operators, Class 1 rail intermodal operators that are moving large
amounts of automobiles, and U.S. Government agencies such as the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security. Today,
we currently have 20 production systems in use, but we believe the greenfield opportunity here to be substantial. We have identified over
900 lanes of traffic within nearly 300 facilities as potential business opportunities in the near-term. 

Currently, we are focused on the North American market,
but plan to expand globally in the future with interest from Europe, Asia and the Middle East. 

Patents and Trademarks 

The Company holds a number of patents and trademarks
for our technology solutions. We protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights, as well
as contractual restrictions. We control access to our proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment
agreements with all of our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with third parties. We also actively engage in monitoring
activities with respect to infringing uses of our intellectual property by third parties. 

3 

Specific Areas of
Competition 

One of our primary commercial goals is to develop
innovative technology solutions and target potential greenfield market spaces in order to maximize our business footprint
and give us the ability to help define the market parameters for the future. 

Other companies that participate in the visual and
optical (laser) based railcar inspection systems market include Wabtec (Beena Vision), KLD Labs, WID, IEM, and Camlin Rail. Some Class
1 railroads have stated that they are developing in-house solutions. We believe that Duos has a significant competitive
advantage in that we have multiple years of deployment experience, have access to millions of images where our RIP has performed scans
with AI analysis and in-house industry expertise to train our systems and make identification of common problems more automated. 

Our Automated Logistics Information System (ALIS)
also represents an opportunity to expand into a mature market that we believe has a significant technology gap. While most facilities,
such as distribution centers, that process commercial trucks in and out have sophisticated software management applications for logistics
control, they have most often not implemented an advanced gatehouse automation solution. Historically, this category was referred
to as Automated Gate Systems or AGS. The purpose of AGS technology is to streamline entry in to and exit out of facilities. 
The marketplace for this was mostly seaports and intermodal transfer facilities and was relatively expensive technology to deploy. 

Our Growth Strategy 

Vision 

The Company designs, develops, deploys and operates
intelligent technology solutions for inspecting and evaluating moving objects. Its technology application focus is within the rail and
intermodal markets which offers imaging-based automatic inspection and analysis for process control for industry with potential expansion
into other markets. 

Objectives 

Improve our operational and technical execution, customer satisfaction and implementation speed. 

Expand Rail Inspection Portal and Automated Logistics Information System with current and future customers
in Rail, Logistics and U.S. Government sectors. 

Offer both CAPEX (one-time sale) and Subscription pricing models that seek to increase
recurring revenue and improve profitability. 

Form strategic partnerships that improve market access and credibility. 

Improve policy, processes, and toolsets to become a viable platform for internal growth and for mergers
and acquisitions. 

Thoughtfully execute mergers and acquisitions to expand
offerings and/or capabilities. 

Promote a performance-based work force where employees enjoy their work and are incentivized to excel
and innovate. 

4 

Organic Growth 

Our organic growth strategy is to continue our focus
and prioritization in the rail, logistics and intermodal market space. In this regard, the Company has made significant changes in the
senior management team to include a new Chief Executive Officer, who joined the Company in 2022 and has years of experience successfully
leading start-up and turn-around companies. In addition, a key account executive from one of duos competitors has joined the executive
team during late 2022 as the Senior Vice President of Sales Marketing to support the continued revenue growth of the business and
brings with him over 20 years of sales experience focused in the rail market. In 2021, the Company also hired a new Chief Technology Officer
bringing 25 years of experience in designing and delivering on value driven technologies. Our new CTO has already led the team through
instrumental changes to its approach to software and artificial intelligence development. The team also saw a change in CFO in late 2022
who brings significant experience in growth for asset-intensive businesses which aligns with the subscription format the Company will
expand into. 

The new leadership team s
focus is to improve operational and technical execution which will in turn enable the commercial side of the business to expand RIP and
ALIS delivery into existing customers. Even though supply chain issues are expected to continue through 2023, the Company s primary
customers have indicated readiness to order more equipment and services based upon the Company s current performance and the new
subscription offerings expands the universe of potential customers. 

Additionally, the CEO has
directed that the Company make continual engineering and software upgrades to the RIP to meet anticipated Federal Railroad Association
(FRA) and Association of American Railroad (AAR) standards. 

Manufacturing and Assembly 

The Company designs and develops technology solutions
using a combination of in-house fabrication, commercial off-the-shelf technology, and outsourced manufacturing. On-site installations
are performed using a combination of in-house project managers and engineers and using third-party sub-contractors as needed. Throughout
the process of design, develop, deploy and operate, the Company maintains responsibility for all aspects. Our internal manufacturing operations
consist primarily of materials procurement, assembly, testing and quality control by our engineers. If not manufactured internally, we
use third-party manufacturing partners to produce our hardware related components and hardware products and we most often complete final
assembly, testing and quality control processes for these components and products. Our manufacturing processes are based on standardization
of components across product types, centralization of assembly and distribution centers, and a build-to-order methodology
in which products generally are built only after customers have placed firm orders. For most of our hardware products, we have existing
alternate sources of supply. 

For 2023 and possibly beyond, we expect to face
significant challenges with macro-economic impacts, specifically inflation and supply chain disruption. Although these started to be
identified in late 2021, we believe they continue to manifest themselves in ways that could challenge our business growth in the
future. Specifically, the ability to source key components and certain implementation services will dictate just how quickly the
Company can meet desired installation deadlines. In the industries in which we operate, the time from concept to contract can be
substantial. Although we are now adapting to these challenges, previous bids that have been submitted could be challenging to
execute within the financial framework and execution times originally envisaged. We continue to have dialogue with our customers
regarding potential price increases and implementation delays, but we may suffer some economic impacts as a result of this. Revenue
recognition could be delayed as a result of these factors and profitability could be impacted due to higher costs for materials and
other services. The Company will continue to monitor the situation and update shareholders as the situation unfolds. 

Research and Development 

The Company s R D and software development
teams design and develop all systems and software applications with a combination of full-time in-house software engineers and outside
contractors. Internal development allows us to maintain technical control over the design and development of our products. Rapid technological
advances in hardware and software development, evolving standards in computer hardware and software technology, and changing customer
requirements characterize the markets in which we compete. We plan to continue to dedicate significant resources to research and development
efforts, including software development, to maintain and improve our current product and services offerings. 

5 

Government Regulations 

The Company has worked with various agencies of the
federal government for more than 10-years including the Department of Homeland Security DHS ). When our solutions have been
deployed into these agencies, they meet specific requirements for certification, safety and security that are stipulated in requirements
and contract documents. The Company is currently competing for other government related work and strictly follows the rules and regulations
outlined in the Federal Acquisition Regulations. 

The Company s primary customers are all governed
by regulations related to the safe and effective transportation of goods, primarily by rail, but in future scenarios by air, road and
sea. While changes in the regulatory environment could impact the Company in future years, we believe any changes will be overall positive
for the Company. We continuously review potential changes in the regulatory environment and maintain contact with key personnel at certain
agencies including the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA), the Transportation Safety Agency (TSA) as well as the DHS previously mentioned.
We expect to develop similar relationships with governmental agencies in target market both in the US and internationally. At this time,
we believe our offerings are complementary to the current and evolving standards and that we will adapt to any new regulations as they
are promulgated. 

Employees 

We have a current staff of 75 employees, of which 67
are full-time, the majority of which work in the Jacksonville area, none of which are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We
have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Risks Related to Our Company and Business 

The nature of the technology management platforms
utilized by us are complex and highly integrated, and if we fail to successfully manage releases or integrate new solutions, it could
harm our revenues, operating income, and reputation. 

The technology platforms developed and designed by
us accommodate integrated applications that include our own developed technology and third-party technology, thereby substantially increasing
their functionality. 

Due to this complexity and the condensed development
cycles under which we operate, we may experience errors in our software, corruption or loss of our data, or unexpected performance issues
from time to time. For example, our solutions may face interoperability difficulties with software operating systems or programs being
used by our customers, or new releases, upgrades, fixes or the integration of acquired technologies may have unanticipated consequences
on the operation and performance of our other solutions. If we encounter integration challenges or discover errors in our solutions late
in our development cycle, it may cause us to delay our launch dates. Any major integration or interoperability issues or launch delays
could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating income and reputation. 

6 

We face risks as a result of the coronavirus
(COVID-19 pandemic) lingering effects which could significantly disrupt our research and development, operations, sales, and financial
results. 

Our business has been adversely impacted by the effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to global macroeconomic effects, the COVID-19 pandemic and related adverse public health developments
caused disruption and/or delays to our operations and sales activities. Our third-party manufacturers and our customers were disrupted
by worker absenteeism, quarantines and restrictions on employees ability to work, office and factory closures, disruptions to ports
and other shipping infrastructure, border closures, or other travel or health-related restrictions. Depending on the magnitude of such
effects on our activities or the operations of our third-party manufacturers and third-party distributors, the supply of our products,
in some cases, continue to be delayed, which could continue to adversely affect our business, operations and customer relationships. In
addition, the pandemic or other disease outbreak have had and may continue to have over the longer term a material adverse effect on the
economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that will affect demand for our products and services
and impact our operating results. There can be no assurance that any decrease in sales resulting from the pandemic slowdown will be offset
by increased sales in subsequent periods. Although the magnitude of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business and operations
remains uncertain, the continued spread of COVID-19 and the related public health measures and travel and business restrictions may adversely
impact our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, w e have experienced
and may in the future experience disruptions to our business operations resulting from quarantines, self-isolations, or other restrictions
on the ability of our employees to perform their jobs that may impact our ability to develop and design our products and services in a
timely manner or meet required milestones or customer commitments. 

We
may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation and supply chain disruption 

Our business operates in an environment
of long bid to contract award cycles. Our customer s bid requirements are such that firm pricing is expected on much or all of our
proposal and as such we must commit to certain commercial terms and conditions such as pricing. In addition, the Company hires employees
and contractors to perform most (if not all) of the work required to complete a contract. We are beginning to experience the impacts of
inflation upon previously forecasted costs including employees that require higher salaries, contractors demanding higher prices for jobs
and higher costs for materials necessary to complete contracts. While we endeavor to charge additional costs to our customers, in some
cases this may not be possible contractually and as a result our profitability may suffer as a result. Although we anticipate these effects
to be mitigated in the long term, we cannot be assured that this will be possible in all or any instances and as such our revenue, profitability
and growth prospects may suffer as a result of this. 

Current supply chain issues continue to extend deadlines
for shipment of key components used in our technology systems. The effect of this may be to delay revenue recognition. W e
have experienced and expect to continue to experience delays to our business operations resulting from lack of materials availability,
delays in securing key components such as video cameras requiring certain computer chips, and other material and personnel shortages that
may impact our ability to implement our products and services in a timely manner or meet required milestones or customer commitments. 
In addition, higher costs for travel may adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
This has made it necessary for the Company to order certain components prior to receiving a contract to ensure we have key components
available when necessary to satisfy future contract obligations. 

Our products and services
may fail to keep pace with rapidly changing technology and evolving industry standards. 

The market in which we operate is characterized by
rapid, and sometimes disruptive, technological developments, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions and enhancements
and changes in customer requirements. In addition, both traditional and new competitors are investing heavily in our market areas and
competing for customers. As next-generation video analytics technology continues to evolve, we must keep pace in order to maintain or
expand our market position. We continue to introduce new product offerings focused on automating mechanical and security inspections in
the rail, logistics, intermodal and government sectors as potential revenue drivers. If we are not able to successfully add staff resources
with sufficient technical skills to develop and bring these new products to market in a timely manner, achieve market acceptance of our
products and services or identify new market opportunities for our products and services, our business and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected. 

The market opportunity
for our products and services may not develop in the ways that we anticipate. 

The demand for our products and services could change
quickly and in ways that we may not anticipate. Our operating results may be adversely affected if the market opportunity for
our products and services does not develop in the ways that we anticipate or if other technologies become more accepted or standard in
our industry or disrupt our technology platforms. 

7 

Our revenues are dependent on general economic
conditions and the willingness of enterprises to invest in technology. 

We believe that operators in the business sectors
we are focused on continue to be cautious about sustained economic growth and seek to maintain or improve profitability through cost control
and constrained spending. While our core technologies are designed to address cost reduction, other factors may cause companies to delay
or cancel capital projects, including the implementation of our products and services. In addition, the business sectors in which we are
focused are under financial pressure to reduce capital investment which may make it more difficult for us to close large contracts in
the immediate future. We believe there is a growing market trend toward more customers exploring operating expense models as opposed to
capital expense models for procuring technology. We believe the market trend toward operating expense models will continue as customers
seek ways of reducing their overhead and other costs. All of the foregoing may result in continued pressure on our ability to increase
our revenue and may potentially create competitive pricing pressures and price erosion. If these or other conditions limit our ability
to grow revenue or cause our revenue to decline our operating results may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our working capital profile may shift over time
to require additional investment. 

Historically, the Company has leveraged significant
milestone payments at a contract onset to fund the purchase of required materials. Expansion into a subscription format would allow the
Company to potentially transact faster and more routinely with a larger customer base than it has previously had. In certain instances
where the Company would build, own and operate its own assets, it may require a different working capital and capitalization strategy
whereby the Company will be required to make upfront investments without significant customer milestone payments to offset the investment.
The Company believes that this presents a short-term capital risk but will, long-term, improve the overall performance of the business. 

Some of our competitors are larger and have
greater financial and other resources than we do. 

Some of our product offerings compete and will compete
with other similar products from our competitors. These competitive products could be marketed by well-established, successful companies
that possess greater financial, marketing, distributional, personnel and other resources than we possess. In certain instances, competitors
with greater financial resources also may be able to enter a market in direct competition with us offering attractive marketing tools
to encourage the sale of products that compete with our products or present cost features that our target end users may find attractive. 

We have a history of losses and our growth plans
may lead to additional losses and negative operating cash flows in the future. 

Our accumulated deficit was approximately 52 million
as of December 31, 2022. Our operating losses may continue as we continue to expend resources to further develop and enhance our technology
offering, to complete prototyping for proof-of-concept, obtain regulatory clearances or approvals as required, expand our business
development activities and finance capabilities and conduct further research and development. We also expect to experience negative cash
flow in the short-term until our revenues and margins increase at a rate greater than our expenses, which may not occur. 

We may be unable to
protect our intellectual property, which could impair our competitive advantage, reduce our revenue, and increase our costs. 

Our success and ability to compete depend in part
on our ability to maintain the proprietary aspects of our technologies and products. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, patents,
copyrights, trademarks, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property, but these measures
may provide only limited protection. We customarily enter into written confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our employees,
consultants, customers, manufacturers, and other recipients of information about our technologies and products and assignment of invention
agreements with our employees and consultants. We may not always be able to enforce these agreements and may fail to enter into any such
agreement in every instance when appropriate. We license from third-parties certain technology used in and for our products. These third-party
licenses are granted with restrictions; therefore, such third-party technology may not remain available to us on terms beneficial to us.
Our failure to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights or obtain from third parties the right to use necessary technology
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, the laws of some foreign
countries do not protect proprietary rights as fully as do the laws of the United States. 

Patents may not be issued from the patent applications
that we have filed or may file in the future. Our issued patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, and claims of our patents
may not be of sufficient scope or strength, or issued in the proper geographic regions, to provide meaningful protection or any commercial
advantage. We have registered certain of our trademarks in the United States and other countries. We cannot assure you that we will obtain
registrations of principal or other trademarks in key markets in the future. Failure to obtain registrations could compromise our ability
to protect fully our trademarks and brands and could increase the risk of challenge from third parties to our use of our trademarks and
brands. 

8 

We may be required to incur substantial expenses
and divert management attention and resources in defending intellectual property litigation against us. 

We cannot be certain that our technologies and products
do not and will not infringe on issued patents or other proprietary rights of others. While we are not currently subject to any infringement
claim, any future claim, with or without merit, could result in significant litigation costs and diversion of resources, including the
attention of management, and could require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business. We may not be able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or the terms of any offered
licenses may be unacceptable to us. If forced to cease using such technology, we may be unable to develop or obtain alternate technology.
Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or failure to obtain necessary licenses, could prevent
us from manufacturing, using, or selling certain of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

Furthermore, parties making such claims could secure
a judgment awarding substantial damages, as well as injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to
make, use, or sell our products in the United States or abroad. Such a judgment could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, and financial condition. In addition, we are obligated under certain agreements to indemnify the other party in connection
with infringement by us of the proprietary rights of third parties. In the event that we are required to indemnify parties under these
agreements, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may incur substantial
expenses and divert management resources in prosecuting others for their unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights. 

Other companies, including our competitors, may develop
technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies, duplicate our technologies, or design around our patents, and may have
or obtain patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit, or interfere with our ability to make, use, or sell our products.
Although we do not have operations outside North America at this time, we may compete for contracts in other countries in the future.
Effective intellectual property protection may be unavailable, or limited, in some foreign countries in which we may do business, such
as China. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise use aspects of our technologies and products that we regard as proprietary.
Our means of protecting our proprietary rights in the United States or abroad may not be adequate or competitors may independently develop
similar technologies. If our intellectual property protection is insufficient to protect our intellectual property rights, we could face
increased competition in the market for our technologies and products. 

Should any of our competitors file patent applications
or obtain patents that claim inventions also claimed by us, we may choose to participate in an interference proceeding to determine the
right to a patent for these inventions, because our business would be harmed if we fail to enforce and protect our intellectual property
rights. Even if the outcome is favorable, this proceeding could result in substantial cost to us and disrupt our business. 

In the future, we also may need to file lawsuits to
enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights
of others. This litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

9 

If we are unable to apply technology effectively
in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through
the application of technology and related tools, our operating results, client relationships, growth and compliance programs could be
adversely affected. 

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability
to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat and opportunity presented by new technology disruption and developments. These may
include new software applications or related services based on artificial intelligence, machine learning, or robotics. We may be exposed
to competitive risks related to the adoption and application of new technologies by established market participants or new entrants, start-up
companies and others. These new entrants are focused on using technology and innovation, including artificial intelligence, to simplify
and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the
industries in which we operate. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that
anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences and internal control
standards. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis and our ideas
may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies in our business
requires us to incur significant expenses. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop
more cost-effective technologies or product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client
relationships, growth and compliance programs. 

We are dependent on information technology networks
and systems to securely process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around North America
and with our people, clients, partners and vendors. As the breadth and complexity of this infrastructure continues to grow, including
as a result of the use of mobile technologies, social media and cloud-based services, the risk of security breaches and cyberattacks increases.
Such breaches could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of or damage to our systems and those of our clients, alliance partners and vendors,
and unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, including personal data. In the past, we have experienced data security
breaches resulting from unauthorized access to our and our service providers systems, which to date have not had a material impact
on our operations, however, there is no assurance that such impacts will not be material in the future. 

In providing services and
solutions to clients, we may be required to manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client data, possibly including personal
data, and we anticipate these activities to increase, including through the use of artificial intelligence, the internet of things and
analytics. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud,
misappropriation, or other intentional or unintentional acts, could damage our reputation, could cause us to lose clients and could result
in significant financial exposure. Similarly, unauthorized access to our or through our or our service providers information systems
or those we develop for our clients, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers,
members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who continuously develop and deploy viruses, ransomware or other malicious
software programs or social engineering attacks, could result in negative publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability, damage
to our reputation and government sanctions and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Cybersecurity threats
are constantly expanding and evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and defending against them and maintaining effective
security measures and protocols. 

We depend on key personnel who would be difficult
to replace, and our business plan will likely be harmed if we lose their services or cannot hire additional qualified personnel. 

Our success depends substantially on the efforts and
abilities of our senior management and certain key personnel. The competition for qualified management and key personnel, especially engineers,
is intense. Although we maintain non-competition and non-disclosure covenants with all our key personnel, we do not have employment agreements
with most of them. The loss of services of key employees, or the inability to hire, train, and retain key personnel, especially engineers
and technical support personnel, could delay the development and sale of our products, disrupt our business, and interfere with our ability
to execute our business plan. 

10 

Due to our dependence on a limited number of
customers, we are subject to a concentration of credit risk. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, four customers
accounted for 42 , 18 , 14 and 14 of revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for 83 of revenues. In all
cases, there are no minimum contract values stated. Each contract covers an agreement to deliver a rail inspection portal which, once
accepted, must be paid in full, with 30 or more being due and payable prior to delivery. The balances of the contracts are for service
and maintenance which is paid annually in advance with revenues recorded ratably over the contract period. Each of the customers referenced
has the following termination provisions: 

For Customer 1, termination can be made, prior to delivery of products or services, in the case where
either party breach any of its obligations under the agreement with the Company. The other party may terminate the agreement effective
fifteen (15) Business Days following notice from the non-defaulting party, if the non-performance has not been cured within such period,
and without prejudice to damages that could be claimed by the non-defaulting party. Either party may terminate the agreement if the other
party becomes unable to pay its debts in the ordinary course of business; goes into liquidation (other than for the purpose of a genuine
amalgamation or restructuring); has a receiver appointed over all or part of its assets; enters into a composition or voluntary arrangement
with its creditors; or any similar event occurs in any jurisdiction, all to the extent permitted by law. 

For Customer 2, prior to delivery of products or services, either party may terminate the agreement with
the Company upon the other party s material breach of a representation, warranty, term, covenant or undertaking in the agreement
if, within thirty (30) days following the delivery of a written notice to the defaulting party setting forth in reasonable detail the
basis of such default, the defaulting party has not rectified such default to the reasonable satisfaction of the non-defaulting party.
Failure to perform due to a force majeure condition shall not be considered a material default under the agreement. 

For Customer 3, prior to delivery of products or services, Customer 3 may terminate
the agreement with the Company upon the Company s material breach of a representation, warranty, term, covenant or undertaking in
the agreement if, within ten (10) days following the delivery of a written notice to the defaulting party setting forth in reasonable
detail the basis of such default, the defaulting party has not rectified such default to the reasonable satisfaction of the non-defaulting
party. Failure to perform due to a force majeure condition shall not be considered a material default under the agreement. In the event
of a termination for convenience event, the Company has the ability to seek any earned, unbilled revenues of the contract in the form
of termination costs of the agreement. 

For Customer 4, may terminate the agreement with the Company upon the Company s
material breach of a representation, warranty, term, covenant or undertaking in the agreement if, within ten (30) days following the delivery
of a written notice to the defaulting party setting forth in reasonable detail the basis of such default, the defaulting party has not
rectified such default to the reasonable satisfaction of the non-defaulting party. Failure to perform due to a force majeure condition
shall not be considered a material default under the agreement. Additionally, Customer 4 may terminate the agreement for convenience at
which point the Company shall cease all work and all executory obligations of the parties shall be discharged and Customer 4 shall remit
any amounts owed to the Company for obligations performed. 

As of December 31, 2022, four customers accounted
for 34 , 31 , 19 and 10 of our accounts receivable. In the case of insolvency by one of our significant customers, accounts receivable
with respect to that customer might not be collectible, might not be fully collectible, or might be collectible over longer than normal
terms, each of which could adversely affect our financial position. Additionally, our largest customer accounted for approximately 42 of
our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. This concentration of credit risk makes us more vulnerable economically. The
loss of any of these customers could materially reduce our revenues and net income, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

There is currently not an active liquid trading
market for the Company s common stock. 

Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market
tier under the symbol DUOT . However, there is currently limited active trading in our common stock. Although there are periodic
volume spikes from time to time, we cannot give an assurance that a consistent, active trading market will develop. If an active market
for our common stock develops, there is a significant risk that our stock price may fluctuate in the future in response to any of the
following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

Variations in our quarterly operating results; 

Announcements that our revenue or income are below analysts expectations; 

General economic downturns; 

Sales of large blocks of our common stock; and 

Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

11 

You may experience
dilution of your ownership interest due to future issuance of our securities. 

We are in a capital-intensive business, and we may
not have sufficient funds to finance the growth of our business or to support our projected capital expenditures. As a result, we may
require additional funds from future equity or debt financings, including potential sales of preferred shares or convertible debt, to
complete the development of new projects and pay the general and administrative costs of our business. We may in the future issue our
previously authorized and unissued securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of holders of our common stock. We
are currently authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. We may also issue additional
shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in future public offerings or private
placements for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. The future issuance of a substantial number of shares of common
stock into the public market, or the perception that such issuance could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of
our common shares. A decline in the price of our common stock could make it more difficult to raise funds through future offerings of
our common stock or securities convertible into common stock. 

Our Board of Directors may issue and fix the
terms of shares of our Preferred Stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our Common
Stock or any change in control of our Company. 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance
of up to 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, with such designations rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is empowered, without shareholder approval, to issue shares of preferred
stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of
the holders of our common stock. In the event of such issuances, the preferred stock could be used, under certain circumstances, as a
method of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a change in control of our Company. 

We do not expect to pay dividends and investors
should not buy our common stock expecting to receive dividends. 

We do not anticipate that we will declare or pay any
dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, you will only realize an economic gain on your investment in our common stock if the
price appreciates. You should not purchase our common stock expecting to receive cash dividends. Accordingly, our stockholders will not
realize a return on their investment unless the trading price of our common stock appreciates, which is uncertain and unpredictable. In
addition, because we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less attractive, which may cause us to have trouble raising additional
funds which could affect our ability to expand our business operations. 

Our operating results are likely to fluctuate from
period to period. 

We anticipate that there may be fluctuations in our future
operating results. Potential causes of future fluctuations in our operating results may include: 

Period-to-period fluctuations in financial results 

Issues in manufacturing products 

Unanticipated potential product liability claims 

The introduction of technological innovations or new commercial products by competitors 

The entry into, or termination of, key agreements, including key strategic alliance agreements 

The initiation of litigation to enforce or defend any of our intellectual property rights 

Regulatory changes 

Failure of any of our products to achieve commercial success 

12 

We are subject to the Florida anti-takeover provisions,
which may prevent you from exercising a vote on business combinations, mergers or otherwise. 

As a Florida corporation, we are subject to certain
anti-takeover provisions that apply to public corporations under Florida law. Pursuant to Section 607.0901 of the Florida Business Corporation
Act, or the Florida Act, a publicly held Florida corporation, under certain circumstances, may not engage in a broad range of business
combinations or other extraordinary corporate transactions with an interested shareholder without the approval of the holders of two-thirds
of the voting shares of the corporation (excluding shares held by the interested shareholder). 

An interested shareholder is defined as a person who
together with affiliates and associates beneficially owns more than 15 of a corporation s outstanding voting shares. We have not
made an election in our amended Articles of Incorporation to opt out of Section 607.0901. 

In addition, we are subject
to Section 607.0902 of the Florida Act which prohibits the voting of shares in a publicly held Florida corporation that are acquired in
a control-share acquisition unless (i) our board of directors approved such acquisition prior to its consummation or (ii) after such acquisition,
in lieu of prior approval by our board of directors, the holders of a majority of the corporation s voting shares, exclusive of
shares owned by officers of the corporation, employee directors or the acquiring party, approve the granting of voting rights as to the
shares acquired in the control-share acquisition. A control-share acquisition is defined as an acquisition that immediately thereafter
entitles the acquiring party to 20 or more of the total voting power in an election of directors. 

Item 1b. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

On July 26, 2021, the Company entered a new operating
lease agreement of office and warehouse combination space of 40,000 square feet with the lease commencing on November 1, 2021 and ending
May 31, 2032, This additional space allows for resource growth and engineering efforts for operations before deploying to the field. The
rent for the first twelve months of the term were calculated as rentable base space on 30,000 square feet. The rent is subject to an annual
escalation of 2.5 , beginning December 1, 2022. The Company made a security deposit payment in the amount of 600,000 on July 26, 2021.
The Company has applied the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842) ASU 2016-02 in the fourth quarter of
2021. 

The Company now has a total of office and warehouse
space of 40,000 square feet. 

Rental expense for the office lease during 2022 and
2021 was 782,591 and 414,085, respectively. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may
be involved in claims that arise during the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can be costly and time
consuming, and it can divert management s attention from important business matters and initiatives, negatively impacting our overall
operations. We do not currently have any pending litigation to which we are a party or to which our property is subject that we believe
to be material. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can be costly and time consuming, and it can divert management s attention
from important business matters and initiatives, negatively impacting our overall operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

13 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the trading symbol DUOT . Our common stock was initially quoted on the OTCQB in 2008 under the
symbol IOSA . 

Authorized Capital 

The Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number
of 510,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 10,000,000 shares are blank check preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share and 500,000,000
shares are common stock, 0.001 par value per share. 

Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 

Our board of directors has designated 500,000 of the
10,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have no
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

Our board of directors has designated 15,000 of the 10,000,000
authorized shares of preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock is convertible at any time at the holder s option into a number of shares of common stock equal to 1,000 divided by the conversion
price of 7.00 per share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall not effect any conversion of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, with
certain exceptions, to the extent that, after giving effect to an attempted conversion, the holder of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (together with such holder s affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with such holder or any of such holder s
affiliates) would beneficially own a number of shares of our common stock in excess of 4.99 (or, at the election of the purchaser, 9.99 of the shares of our common stock then outstanding after giving effect to such exercise. Holders of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
will vote on an as converted basis on all matters on which the holders of common stock are entitled to vote, subject to beneficial ownership
limitations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are 0 and 851 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued
and outstanding, respectively. 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

On February 26, 2021, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain existing investors in the Company (the Purchasers ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers purchased 4,500 shares of a newly authorized Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock ), and the Company received proceeds of 4,500,000. The Purchase Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there are 0 and 2,500 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company was
required to hold a meeting of shareholders at the earliest practical date, and such meeting occurred on July 15, 2021. Nasdaq Marketplace
Rule 5635(d) limits the number of shares of common stock (or securities that are convertible into common stock) that can be issued in
a transaction other than a public offering without shareholder approval. The rule required shareholder approval for us to issue shares
of common stock underlying the Series C Preferred Stock which equal 20 or more of our Common Stock outstanding before the issuance at
a price less than the lower of the price immediately preceding the signing of the Purchase Agreement or the average of the price for the
five trading days immediately preceding such signing. We received the shareholder approval at the meeting held on July 15, 2021. 

14 

In
connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers. Pursuant to
the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed with the SEC a registration statement covering the resale by the Purchasers of the
shares of common stock into which the shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible. The Company caused the registration
statement to be declared effective on June 3, 2021. The Registration Rights Agreement contains customary representations, warranties,
agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

The
Company s Board of Directors has designated 5,000 shares as the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of the Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000. The holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, the holders of the
common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote together as one
class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Company. Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock has 172 votes
(subject to adjustment); provided that in no event may a holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock be entitled to vote a number of
shares in excess of such holder s Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Certificate of Designation and as described
below). Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the holder,
into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) determined by dividing the stated value of
such share 1,000) by the conversion price, which is 5.50 (subject to adjustment). 

Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 

On September 28, 2022 the Company amended its
articles of incorporation to designate 4,000 shares as the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000. The holders of the
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, the holders of the common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares
entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the
Company. Each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has 333 votes (subject to standard anti-dilution adjustment); provided
that in no event may a holder of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock be entitled to vote a number of shares in excess of such
holder s Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Certificate of Designation and as described below). Each share of
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, subject to shareholder approval (which has not yet been granted) for an
increase in authorized common stock; at any time and from time to time, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of
common stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) determined by dividing the stated value of such share 1,000) by the
conversion price, which is 3.00 (subject to adjustment). The Company shall not effect any conversion of the Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock, and a holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, to the
extent that after giving effect to the conversion sought by the holder such holder (together with such holder s Attribution
Parties (as defined in the Certificate of Designation)) would beneficially own more than 4.99 (or upon election by a holder,
19.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common
stock issuable upon such conversion (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). All holders of the Series D Preferred Stock
have elected the 19.99 Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Company shall, subject to shareholder approval, reserve and keep
available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the issuance upon the conversion of the Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock, such a number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be issuable upon the conversion of all of the
shares of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding. Additionally, the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock does not
have the right to dividends and in the event of an involuntary liquidation, the Series D shares shall be treated as a pro rata
equivalent of common stock outstanding at the date of the liquidation event and have no liquidation preference. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain existing investors in the Company (the Purchasers ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers purchased 999 shares of the newly authorized Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the
 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock ), and the Company received proceeds of 999,000. The Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

On October 29, 2022, the Company sold to an existing
investor in the Company 300 shares of Series D Preferred Stock at a price of 1,000 a share, resulting in gross proceeds of 300,000 to
the Company. 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company
also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed
with the SEC a registration statement covering the resale by the Purchasers of the shares of common stock into which the shares of Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible. The Registration Rights Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements
and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. As of December 31, 2022 there are 1,299 of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding. 

15 

Approximate Number of Equity Security Holders 

As of March 28, 2023, there were approximately 1,709
holders of record of our common stock, and the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 24,
2023 was 2.92 per share. 

Dividends 

To date, we have not paid any dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate paying any such dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of dividends on the common
stock is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our operating results, financial condition,
capital requirements, contractual restrictions or such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. We currently expect
to use all available funds to finance the future development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying dividends on our
common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

There were no unregistered sales of the Company s
equity securities during 2022 that were not previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 6. 

Reserved 

16 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This Form 10-K and other reports filed by the Company
from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC contain or may contain forward-looking statements
and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, the Company s management as well as estimates
and assumptions made by Company s management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the filings, the words anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, future, intend, plan, or
the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
assumptions, and other factors, including the risks contained in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, relating to the Company s industry, the Company s operations and results of operations, and any businesses that the
Company may acquire. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

Although the Company believes that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance,
or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements. 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). These accounting principles require
us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are
reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates,
judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Our consolidated financial statements would be
affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. In many cases, the accounting treatment
of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application. There
are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. 
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere
in this report. 

Overview 

We intend for this discussion to provide
information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements,
and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. 

Plan of Operation 

The Company s growth strategy includes expansion
of its technology base through organic development efforts, strategic partnerships, and strategic acquisitions where appropriate. The
Company provides its broad range of technology solutions with an emphasis on the Vision Technology market sector and, more specifically,
the Machine Vision subsector. Machine Vision companies provide imaging-based automatic inspection and analysis for process control for
industry with potential expansion into other markets. Duos is currently developing industry solutions for its target markets which will
address rail, trucking, aviation and other vehicle-based processes. Duos initial offering, the Railcar Inspection Portal (RIP), provides
both freight and transit railroad customers and select government agencies the ability to conduct fully automated railcar inspections
of trains while they are moving at full speed. 

Specifically, based upon
the current and anticipated business growth, the Company is investing in resources to focus on execution within its target markets. We
continue to evaluate key requirements within those markets, our go-to-market strategy and add development resources to allow us to compete
for additional projects to drive additional revenue growth. 

17 

Prospects and Outlook 

The Company made significant
changes to its senior management team coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic to improve operational effectiveness. In addition to new C 
level personnel, the Company replaced its software and AI team with stronger talent including promoting one of the senior leaders to the
position of Chief Technology Officer. The Company also replaced its Commercial team with seasoned rail industry personnel to improve it s
go-to-market plan with current and prospective customers. The Company s Board of Directors was strengthened with the addition of
experienced leaders. Additionally, the company retained a number of long-term former rail industry executives in advisory roles to help
guide the Company s growth strategy. 

The leadership team s
focus is to improve operational and technical execution which will in turn enable the commercial side of the business to expand our product
set into existing customers and to expand and diversify our current customer base. The travel and quarantine restrictions surrounding
COVID-19 have largely diminished in 2021 and 2022 and the Company s primary customers have indicated readiness to order more equipment
and services should the Company execute as expected on key deliverables over the next few months. 

Additionally, the new CEO
has directed that the Company make engineering and software upgrades to the RIP to meet anticipated Federal Railroad Association (FRA),
Transport Canada and Association of American Railroad (AAR) standards. The Company is expanding its focus in the rail industry to encompass
passenger transportation and is currently in the process of delivering high-speed portals for a national rail carrier. The Company is
expected to deliver at least two RIP solutions along with the initiation of a long-term services agreement during 2023. 

In addition, the Company
is currently investigating other possible market expansion including Aviation, Trucking and Edge Data Centers. 

Although the Company s prospects and outlook
are anticipated to be favorable for 2023, investing in our securities involves risk and careful consideration should be made before deciding
to purchase our securities. There are many risks that affect our business and results of operations, some of which are beyond our control
and unexpected macro events can have a severe impact on the business. 

Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements included in this report. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to December 31, 2021 

The following table sets forth a summary of our
Consolidated Statements of Operations that is used in the following discussions of our results of operations: 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 15,012,366 
 8,259,917 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 10,264,263 
 6,220,373 
 
 Gross margin 
 4,748,103 
 2,039,544 
 
 Operating expenses 
 11,613,252 
 9,496,495 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (6,865,149 
 (7,456,951 
 
 Other income 
 366 
 1,448,050 
 
 Net loss 
 (6,864,783 
 (6,008,901 

18 

Revenues 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Revenues: 

Technology systems 
 11,190,292 
 5,871,666 
 91 
 
 Services and consulting 
 3,822,074 
 2,388,251 
 60 

Total revenues 
 15,012,366 
 8,259,917 
 82 

For the full year 2022, there was an 82 overall increase
in revenues compared to 2021. The increase was driven by new revenues being recorded after lengthy delays in receiving notices
to proceed for anticipated new contracts earlier in the year that pushed delivery dates into the second half of 2022 and into 2023.
There was a significant increase in revenue from systems with a slightly lower increase in service revenues of 60 year-over-year. The
increase in revenues stems directly from the delivery of two RIP projects across 2022 in addition to the onset of a new high-speed RIP
project which the Company will continue to recognize well into 2023. Additionally, the growth in services and consulting stems from the
Company s success in deploying artificial intelligence as well as change orders to existing services agreements during the year.
The Company is focusing on increasing its business from services and the increase is the result of new contracts for existing and new
systems which the Company anticipates will continue growing throughout 2023 and beyond. As previously discussed, management cautions that
because of the delays in anticipated start dates, certain installations may produce revenues towards the end of 2023. Additionally, although
the industries in which we operate have improved after the Covid-19 pandemic, other macro-economic effects are anticipated to impact us,
including inflation and the current supply chain issues which are extending deadlines for shipment of key components used in our technology
systems. The effect of this deferred some revenue recognition into 2023 as previously mentioned. These deferrals resulted in a slightly
lower revenue growth performance than originally anticipated. However, the bulk of these deferred revenues are expected to be reported
in 2023. The effects of inflation are not fully quantifiable at the current time but are beginning to be evident in increased costs for
materials and labor and may result in higher costs for project implementation that cannot be wholly or even partially passed on to our
customers and thus resulting in delaying our progress towards profitability. 

The Company s capital structure continues to
allow us to weather the unexpected delays without significant operational impact and enables us to pursue large projects where the ability
to deploy major resources is required. It should be noted that the Company recently increased its working capital to account for an increase
in pre-contract procurement activities to avoid a slowdown in revenues caused by delays in receiving certain components as had been the
case in previous years. The Company undertook a major review of operations during 2021 and made significant changes in staffing including
additional engineering staff and revamping its software development and Artificial Intelligence staffing. These efforts have begun to
yield benefits in 2022 as reflected in the improved systems revenues. This effort has improved delivery times on major projects and helps
to offset some of the continued supply chain lags the Company has faced post-Covid-19. The Company continues to monitor the situation
and procures materials ahead of contract award where feasible. 

The Company also expects to continue the growth with
new revenue from other existing customers which we expect to be coming on-line in the next several months. In aggregate during 2022, the
Company has been successful in the expansion of project and services contracts to account for new work. The services portion of revenues
are driven by successful completion on projects and represents services and support for those installations. The recurring revenue portion
of our revenue for services and consulting, continues to make-up a greater share of our revenues and this growth is expected to continue
going forward. The Company expects to continue the growth with new, long term recurring revenue from existing customers which will be
coming on-line in the next several months. 

Cost of Revenues 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Cost of revenues: 

Technology systems 
 8,376,649 
 4,728,197 
 77 
 
 Services and consulting 
 1,887,614 
 1,492,176 
 27 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 10,264,263 
 6,220,373 
 65 

19 

Cost of revenues largely comprises equipment, labor
and overhead necessary to support the implementation of new systems and support and maintenance of existing systems. Cost of revenues
on technology systems increased during the period compared to the equivalent period in 2021 by a slightly lower rate than the increase
in revenues. The primary reason for the increased growth in costs year-over-year stems from additional project work related to the delivery
of two Railcar Inspection Portals. Additionally, the Company made significant progress on the manufacturing of a special-purpose, high
value Railcar Inspection Portal which it anticipates completing during 2023. The Company s costs are composed of materials, subcontractor
costs and labor consisting of the Company s engineering, project management and software team s efforts to deliver on the
aforementioned Railcar Inspection Portals. The cost of sales grew at a slower pace than revenues primarily because the Company neared
completion of two of its portals and thus recognized additional profits on these projects as it satisfied its project-related obligations.
Additionally, the Company saw improved revenue growth related to higher margin services and artificial intelligence during the year which
contributed to revenue growth outpacing the change in cost of sales. 

These internal costs are being recognized against
project and support revenues with a similar reduction in costs previously recognized for research and development, engineering development
and internal support. In concert with this, there is a continued focus on construction costs and savings through efficiency, but the Company
has elected to expand its key employees in anticipation of expected sales growth in technology systems and services in 2023 and beyond. 

Cost of revenues increased on services and consulting
year-over-year albeit at a slower pace than the increase in services and consulting revenues. The increase in costs was a result of one-time
services completed on existing RIP sites on which the Company incurred some additional material costs as well as project management and
engineering team labor to complete the project. The year-over-year revenue from consulting and services increase outpaced the increase
in costs which is a positive trend. The Company put into service additional artificial intelligence algorithms and maintenance and support
services which are high margin and represent only marginal increases in the requisite costs to deliver these services. 

Gross Margin 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Revenues 
 15,012,366 
 8,259,917 
 82 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 10,264,263 
 6,220,373 
 65 
 
 Gross margin 
 4,748,103 
 2,039,544 
 133 

Gross margin showed a significant improvement for
the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. As noted above, the improvement in margin was a direct result
of increased business activity the Company recognized in the latter half of 2022. The increased business activity was related to the manufacturing
and near completion of installation of two Rail Inspection Portals, a number of one-time service events and significant progress made
on a special-purpose, high-value RIP. The Company began to recognize revenue and profit on those activities in accord with its revenue
recognition policy. The recognition of the revenue and subsequent profit from these major projects, as well as underlying services and
maintenance revenues from existing projects, resulted in a 32 gross margin. By comparison for the full-year 2021, the Company had limited
business activity from a handful of projects primarily related to customer site upgrades as well as lower underlying service revenues.
This was as a result of project timing and delayed A.I. related services, which yielded a 25 gross margin. While the margins are not
significantly different year-over-year, the Company s 82 increase in revenue from additional projects and services drove an overall
higher gross margin-dollar amount. 

20 

Operating Expenses 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 
 1,337,186 
 1,233,851 
 8 
 
 Research and development 
 1,651,064 
 2,515,630 
 -34 
 
 General and Administration 
 8,625,002 
 5,747,014 
 50 
 
 Total operating expense 
 11,613,252 
 9,496,495 
 22 

Overall operating expenses were higher by 22 in 2022
as compared to the full-year 2021. There was a marginal 8 increase in sales and marketing related to increased investment into the overall
capability of the commercial team. Specifically, 2022 saw the Company bring in additional talent with direct experience from the technology
and rail spaces. Research and development costs declined 34 during the year. This was the result of some of the technical resources from
the IT and Engineering teams being consumed as part of the significant increase in project and service revenues and led to the Company
performing additional project and one-time services work year-over-year. The offset of these charges reside in the cost of sales services
and consulting. Additionally, general and administration costs increased approximately 50 because of a focus on employee retention and
increased headcount to support the growth in its operating plan. Specifically, in 2022 the Company had charges related to staff retention
via a discretionary performance program; this was a new initiative for the entire organization to drive higher performance and attract
and retain better quality resources in a tight labor market as well as the related implementation and increased subsequent non-cash charges
of an employee stock option plan. The Company still faces some pressure on existing staff compensation as a result of inflation during
2022 but remains focused to manage and stabilize administrative costs without interruption to customer service. 

Loss From Operations 

The losses from operations for the years ended, December
31, 2022 and 2021 were 6,865,149 and 7,456,951, respectively. The decrease in losses from operations during the year was the result
of mostly improved revenues stemming from the deployment of new portals and receipt of materials and manufacturing related to a high value
set of portals to be completed during 2023. These additional projects as well as an increase in services and consulting revenue increases
and related margins outpaced the Company s increased general and administrative costs throughout 2022. As a result, the Company
achieved near breakeven in the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company has continued to face inflation and supply chain pressures during 2022
and, as normal course of business, has worked to balance these impacts through management of customer contracts and cost control efforts. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 was 9,191 and 20,268, respectively. The reduction in interest expense was primarily due to the financing charges related
to insurance policies in 2021. 

Other Income 

Other income for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 was 9,557 and 1,468,318, respectively. The decrease is mainly due to the PPP loan forgiveness recorded in the first quarter
of 2021. 

Net Loss 

The net loss for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 was 6,864,783 and 6,008,901, respectively. The increase in net loss is primarily attributable to the one-time effect
of the PPP loan forgiveness gain in the first half of 2021. Despite the increased net loss year-over-year, the Company showed an
improvement at the operating loss level. Net loss per common share was 1.11 and 1.63 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a
cash balance of 1,121,092. 

21 

Cash Flows 

The following table sets forth the major components
of our statements of cash flows data for the periods presented: 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (7,873,307 
 (6,579,378 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (644,888 
 (552,940 
 
 Net cash provided in financing activities 
 8,745,567 
 4,056,938 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 227,372 
 (3,075,380 

Net cash used in operating activities for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 7,873,307 and 6,579,378, respectively. The increase in net cash used in operations for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was the result of higher expenditures related to current projects as previously discussed as well as expenditures
related to projects which the Company anticipates will be completed in 2023. In addition, there are several changes in assets and liabilities
that increased the use of cash in operations including increases in inventory for some long-lead components and accounts receivable. Additionally,
 1,410,270 in funding from the CARES Act PPP loan program received in 2021 plus deferred interest was forgiven during the first quarter
of 2021. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 644,888 and 552,940, respectively. The Company continues to invest in computing, lab equipment
and software and artificial development as reflected in the increase in 2022. 

Net cash provided in financing activities for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 8,745,567 and 4,056,938, respectively. Cash flows provided by financing activities during
2022 were primarily attributable to gross proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred stock to shareholders in the amount of 10,100,004,
offset by 942,946 in issuance costs. 2022 marked an increase from 2021 financing activities 4,056,938 which was primarily underpinned
from the gross proceeds of a private placement of 4,500,000. 

During 2022, we funded our operations through
the sale of our equity (or equity linked) securities, and through revenues generated and cash received from ongoing project execution,
services and associated maintenance revenues. As of March 28, 2023, we have cash on hand of approximately 4,500,000. We have approximately
 165,500 in monthly lease and other mandatory payments, not including payroll and ordinary expenses which are due monthly. 

On a long-term basis, our liquidity is dependent
on the continuation and expansion of operations and receipt of revenues. Our current capital and access to further capital and revenues
are sufficient to fund such expansion we are now less dependent on timely payments by our customers for projects and work in process,
however we expect such timely payments to continue. Material cash requirements will be satisfied within the normal course of business
including substantial upfront payments from our customers prior to starting projects. In some cases, the Company may elect to purchase
materials and supplies in advance of contract award but where there is a high probability of that award. Most, if not all, high value
items that are pre-purchased, can be re-purposed if necessary. The maximum amount of material cash requirements not currently supported
by up-front customer deposits is expected to be less than 1 million. 

Demand for the products and services will be
dependent on, among other things, market acceptance of our products and services, the technology market in general, and general economic
conditions, which are cyclical in nature. In as much as a major portion of our activities is the receipt of revenues from the sales of
our products and services, our business operations may be adversely affected by our competitors and prolonged recession periods although
these are not considered to be a factor at present. 

In the event of expansion into owning and operating
its own Railcar Inspection Portals, the Company s cash requirements and timing may shift. Specifically, the Company would endeavor
to buy all materials ahead of time and invest in the RIP with follow-on contracts for long-term services and licensing. While this would
shift the Company s cash requirements, it anticipates a 12 18 month cash break-even point for each site and an opportunity
for improved cash flows over time with high-margin agreements with the investment bolstered by access to further funding via common stock
and private placement offerings. 

Liquidity 

Under Accounting Codification ASC 205, Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) ASC 205-40 ), the Company has the responsibility to evaluate
whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about its ability to meet its future financial obligations as they become due
within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. As required by ASC 205-40, this evaluation shall initially not
take into consideration the potential mitigating effects of plans that have not been fully implemented as of the date the financial statements
are issued. Management has assessed the Company s ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with the requirement of ASC
205-40. 

22 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements, the Company had a net loss of 6,864,783 for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the same period, cash used in operating
activities was 7,873,307. The working capital surplus and accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022, were 2,339,052 and 52,361,834,
respectively. In previous financial reports, the Company had raised substantial doubt about continuing as a going concern. This was principally
due to a lack of working capital prior to an underwritten offerings and a private placement which were completed during the first quarter
of 2022 and during third and fourth quarters of 2022 as well as the first quarter of 2023. 

As previously noted, the Company raised 4,500,000
from existing shareholders through the issuance of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock during 2021. Additionally, the Company was successful
during 2022 in raising gross proceeds of over 10,100,000 from the sale of both common shares and Series D Preferred Stock. Additionally,
late in the first quarter of 2023, the Company raised gross proceeds of 4,000,000 from the issuance of Series E Preferred Stock (See
Note 16). As part of its strategy, the Company will endeavor to utilize the Preferred Series E and the remainder of the Series D as additional
funding mechanisms. Additionally, during the second quarter of 2023, the Company will again have access to its S-3 shelf registration 
statement allowing the Company to sell additional common shares. At the time of this document, the Company estimates that it has available
capacity on its shelf registration which it can utilize to bolster working capital and growth of the business in the event it did not
have an uptake in the preferred classes of shares previously noted. Although additional investment is not assured, the Company is comfortable
that it would be able to raise sufficient capital to support expanded operations based on an anticipated increase in business activity.
In the long run, the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to continue executing
its business plan, generate enough revenue, and attain consistently profitable operations. Although the lingering effects of the global
pandemic related to the coronavirus (Covid-19) continue to affect our operations, particularly in our supply chain, we now believe that
this is expected to be an ongoing issue and our working capital assumptions reflect this new reality. The Company cannot currently quantify
the uncertainty related to the ongoing supply chain issues and its effects on our customers in the coming quarters. We have analyzed our
cash flow under stress test conditions and have determined that we have sufficient liquid assets on hand or available via
the capital markets to maintain operations for at least twelve months from the issuance date of this report. 

In addition, management has been taking and continues
to take actions including, but not limited to, elimination of certain costs that do not contribute to short term revenue, and re-aligning
both management and staffing with a focus on improving certain skill sets necessary to build growth and profitability and focusing product
strategy on opportunities that are likely to bear results in the relatively short term. The Company believes that, with the combination
of Series E Preferred Stock offering coupled with an S-3 shelf registration availability starting in the second quarter of 2023, it will
have sufficient working capital to meet its obligations over the following twelve months. In the last twelve months the Company has seen
significant growth in its contracted backlog as well as positive signs from new commercial engagements that indicate improvements in future
commercial opportunities. 

Management believes that, at this time, the conditions
in our market space with ongoing contract delays, the consequent need to procure certain materials in advance of a binding contract and
the additional time needed to execute on new contracts previously reported have put a strain on our cash reserves. However, recent common
stock offerings and private placements as well as the availability to raise capital via its shelf registration indicate there is no substantial
doubt for the Company to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months. We continue executing the plan to grow our business
and achieve profitability. The Company may selectively look at opportunities for fund raising in the future. Management has extensively
evaluated our requirements for the next 12 months and has determined that the Company currently has sufficient cash and access to capital
to operate for at least that period. 

While no assurance can be provided, management believes
that these actions provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern and to grow its business and achieve profitability
with access to additional capital funding. Ultimately the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability
of the Company to continue executing the plan described above which was put in place in late 2022 and will continue in 2023 and beyond.
As a result, we expect to generate sufficient revenue and to attain profitable operations with minimal cash use in the next 12 months.
These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

23 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company follows Accounting Standards Codification
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), that affects the timing of when certain types of revenues will be
recognized. The basic principles in ASC 606 include the following: a contract with a customer creates distinct contract assets and performance
obligations, satisfaction of a performance obligation creates revenue, and a performance obligation is satisfied upon transfer of control
to a good or service to a customer. 

Revenue is recognized by evaluating our revenue contracts
with customers based on the five-step model under ASC 606: 

1. Identify the contract with the customer; 

2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

3. Determine the transaction price; 

4. Allocate the transaction price to separate performance
obligations; and 

5. Recognize revenue when (or as) each performance
obligation is satisfied. 

The Company generates revenues from four sources: 

1. Technology Systems; 

2. AI Technology; 

3. Technical Support; and 

4. Consulting Services. 

Technology Systems 

For revenues related to technology systems, the Company
recognizes revenue over time using a cost-based input methodology in which significant judgment is required to estimate costs to complete
projects. These estimated costs are then used to determine the progress towards contract completion and the corresponding amount of revenue
to recognize. 

Accordingly, the Company bases its technology systems
revenue recognition on ASC 606-10-25-27, where control of a good or service transfers over time if the entity s performance does
not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed
to date including a profit margin or reasonable return on capital. Control is deemed to pass to the customer instantaneously as the goods
are manufactured and revenue is recognized accordingly. 

In addition, the Company has adopted ASC 606-10-55-21
such that if the cost incurred is not proportionate to the progress in satisfying the performance obligation, we adjust the input method
to recognize revenue only to the extent of the cost incurred. Therefore, the Company will recognize revenue at an equal amount to the
cost of the goods to satisfy the performance obligation. To accurately reflect revenue recognition based on the input method, the Company
has adopted the implementation guidance as set out in ASC-606-10-55-187 through 192. 

Under this method, contract revenues are recognized
over the performance period of the contract in direct proportion to the costs incurred. Costs include direct material, direct labor, subcontract
labor and other allocable direct costs. All un-allocable indirect costs and corporate general and administrative costs are also charged
to the periods as incurred. Any recognized revenues that have not been billed to a customer are recorded as an asset in contract
assets . Any billings of customers more than recognized revenues are recorded as a liability in contract liabilities .
However, in the event a loss on a contract is foreseen, the Company will recognize the loss when such loss is determined. 

AI Technologies 

The Company has revenue from applications that incorporate
artificial intelligence (AI) in the form of predetermined algorithms which provide important operating information to the users of our
systems. The revenue generated from these applications of AI consists of a fixed fee related to the design, development, testing and incorporation
of new algorithms into the system, which is recognized as revenue at a point in time upon customer acceptance, as well as an annual application
maintenance fee, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the contracted maintenance term. 

24 

Technical Support 

Technical support services are provided on both an
as-needed and extended-term basis and may include providing both parts and labor. Maintenance and technical support provided outside of
a maintenance contract are on an as-requested basis, and revenue is recognized over time as the services are provided. Revenue
for maintenance and technical support provided on an extended-term basis is recognized over time ratably over the term of the contract. 

Consulting Services 

The Company s consulting services business generates
revenues under contracts with customers from four sources: (1) Professional Services (consulting and auditing); (2) Software licensing
with optional hardware sales; (3) Customer service training and (4) Maintenance support. 

(1) Revenues for professional services, which are
of short-term duration, are recognized when services are completed; 

(2) For all periods reflected in this report, software
license sales have been one-time sales of a perpetual license to use our software product and the customer also has the option to purchase
third-party manufactured handheld devices from us if they purchase our software license. Accordingly, the revenue is recognized upon delivery
of the software and delivery of the hardware, as applicable, to the customer; 

(3) Training sales are one-time upfront short-term
training sessions and are recognized after the service has been performed; and 

(4) Maintenance/support is an optional product sold
to our software license customers under one-year contracts. Accordingly, maintenance payments received upfront are deferred and recognized
over the contract term. 

Multiple Performance Obligations and Allocation
of Transaction Price 

Arrangements with customers may involve multiple performance
obligations including project revenue and maintenance services in our Technology Systems business. Maintenance will occur after the project
is completed and may be provided on an extended-term basis or on an as-needed basis. In our consulting services business, multiple performance
obligations may include any of the above four sources. Training and maintenance on software products may occur after the software product
sale while other services may occur before or after the software product sale and may not relate to the software product. Revenue recognition
for a multiple performance obligations arrangement is as follows: 

Each performance obligation is accounted for separately
when each has value to the customer on a standalone basis and there is Company specific objective evidence of selling price of each deliverable.
For revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables, the Company allocates the total customer arrangement to the separate units of accounting
based on their relative selling prices as determined by the price of the items when sold separately. Once the selling price is allocated,
the revenue for each performance obligation is recognized using the applicable criteria under GAAP as discussed above for performance
obligations sold in single performance obligation arrangements. A delivered item or items that do not qualify as a separate unit of accounting
within the arrangement are combined with the other applicable undelivered items within the arrangement. The allocation of arrangement
consideration and the recognition of revenue is then determined for those combined deliverables as a single unit of accounting. The Company
sells its various services and software and hardware products at established prices on a standalone basis which provides Company specific
objective evidence of selling price for purposes of performance obligations relative selling price allocation. The Company only sells
maintenance services or spare parts based on its established rates after it has completed a system integration project for a customer.
The customer is not required to purchase maintenance services. All elements in multiple performance obligations arrangements with Company
customers qualify as separate units of account for revenue recognition purposes. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are stated at estimated net realizable
value. Accounts receivable are comprised of balances due from customers net of estimated allowances for uncollectible accounts. In determining
the collections on the account, historical trends are evaluated, and specific customer issues are reviewed to arrive at appropriate allowances.
The Company reviews its accounts to estimate losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Any required
allowance is based on specific analysis of past due accounts and also considers historical trends of write-offs. Past due status is based
on how recently payments have been received from customers. 

Long-Lived Assets 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of its property,
equipment, and other long-lived assets in accordance with FASB ASC 360-10-35-15 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ,
which requires recognition of impairment of long-lived assets in the event the net book values of such assets exceed the estimated future
undiscounted cash flows attributable to such assets or the business to which such intangible assets relate. This guidance requires that
long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison
of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered
to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair
value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

25 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Our consolidated financial statements are contained
in pages F-1 through F-34 which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

There are no reportable events under this item
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and Controller, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of
the end of the period covered by this Report. Based upon such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller
have concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses
in internal controls over financial reporting discussed below to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Controller, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management,
under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller, evaluated the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report. In making this assessment,
our management used the criteria set forth in the framework contained in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) . Based on that evaluation, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report based on those
criteria. 

Our internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

As of December 31, 2022, the material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting related to the ineffective review of revenue recognition policy and application of policy
related to services and project scopes of work. Business financial review controls proved ineffective as a result of reliance upon ineffective
reporting software, or that rely on data produced from numerous sources such as customer supply agreements.. 

Notwithstanding our material weakness, we have concluded
that the financial statements and other financial information included in this Annual Report fairly present in all material respects our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

Planned Remediation Activities 

Our planned remediation efforts related to the above
identified material weakness include: 

Reassess the existing IT infrastructure to improve automation and transparency of revenue recognition
process; 

Determine if additional investments are needed to upgrade existing enterprise software; 

Contractually instill change management approval process for all out-of-scope works with all customers; 

Perform ongoing trainings with financial team to improve documentation that supports effective control
activities; 

Augment staff to improve review and segregation of duties 

There were no further changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the year ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9b. Other Information. 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

The following is a list of our executive officers
and directors. All directors serve one-year terms or until their successors are duly qualified and elected or his earlier resignation,
removal or disqualification. The officers of the Company are elected by the Board. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Charles P. Ferry 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Andrew W. Murphy 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Kenneth Ehrman (1) 
 
 52 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Ned Mavrommatis (2) 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 James Craig Nixon (3) 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 Chairman of our Board of Directors, Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee member of the Compensation Committee and Audit Committee. 
 
 (2) 
 Chairman of the Audit Committee, member of the Compensation Committee. 
 
 (3) 
 Chairman of the Compensation Committee, member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. 

Charles P. Ferry, Chief Executive Officer, Director 

Mr. Ferry was appointed Chief Executive Officer, effective
September 1, 2020. Mr. Ferry was further appointed a Director on November 19, 2020 by a vote of the shareholders. Mr. Ferry combines over
three years of experience in the energy industry and seven years in the defense contracting industry following 26 years of active-duty
service in the United States Army. Previously, Mr. Ferry had been involved in two companies in the defense industry holding positions
including Director, Business Development and Operations, Vice President of Operations, and General Manager. From 2018 through 2020, Mr.
Ferry was the Chief Executive Officer for APR Energy, a global fast-track power company. Prior to this, Mr. Ferry was the President and
Chief Operating Officer of APR Energy from 2016 to 2018. From 2014 to 2016, Mr. Ferry was the General Manager for ARMA Global Corporation,
a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics, a defense contracting company that delivered Information Technology engineering, services,
and logistics. Mr. Ferry was the Vice President of ARMA Global Corporation from 2010 to 2014 before being acquired by General Dynamics.
From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Ferry was the Director, Business Development and Operations at Lockheed-Martin. His leadership assignments in the
U.S. Army include: Director, NORAD-NORTHCOM Current Operations, Infantry Battalion Task Force Commander, Joint Special Operations Task
Force Commander, Regimental and Battalion Operations Officer, and Airborne Rifle Company Commander. His military leadership assignments
include 48 months of combat in Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq. 

Mr. Ferry has an undergraduate degree from Brigham
Young University. 

The Board believes Mr. Ferry brings significant commercial
and operational experience to the Company and has shown demonstrable leadership skills as both a Military officer with a distinguished
service record and in leading companies to profitable growth. 

27 

Andrew W. Murphy, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Murphy, has over 16 years of progressive business
experience in accounting and finance including nearly five years of public company experience for a London Stock Exchange-based company.
He joined Duos Technologies, Inc. in 2020 where he served on the Commercial team to support new project bids while also building out the
Finance function. Prior to joining Duos, from 2011 to 2020 Mr. Murphy held progressive senior Finance roles within APR Energy, a global
fast-track power and asset management company formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE). In these roles Mr. Murphy oversaw the
pricing risk management efforts for more than 800 million in new business and asset transactions across the globe. Additionally,
he was also responsible for managing the FP A function as well as supporting M A activity and the investor relations function
during APR Energy s time on the LSE. Prior to his time with APR, Mr. Murphy served in corporate accounting roles within a Fortune
500 company as well as time working in public accounting with a focus on tax and business services. 

Mr. Murphy graduated from Jacksonville University
 cum laude with a business degree in Accounting and later received his Master s degree in Business Administration
with a focus in Finance. 

Kenneth Ehrman, Chairman 

Mr. Ehrman joined the
Board on January 31, 2019. He was elected as Chairman of the Board in November 2020 and is a member of the Audit, and Compensation Committees.
As an innovator in intelligent machine to machine (MtoM wireless technology) and industrial applications of the internet of things (IoT),
Mr. Ehrman has coauthored more than 40 patents in wireless communications, mobile data, asset tracking, power management cargo and impact
sensing as well as rental car management. Mr. Ehrman is the founder of Halo Collar, which invented a technology used for the tracking
of canines to replace GPS-based wireless fences. Halo Collar has recorded more than 20,000-unit sales since its inception in July
2020. He also currently serves as an independent consultant to several high-technology companies in supply chain/logistics and
transportation. Mr. Ehrman advises technology companies focused on solutions for these industries. 

Prior to joining our
Board, Mr. Ehrman served as Chief Executive Officer of I.D. Systems, Inc., a company he founded in 1993 as a Stanford University engineering
student. During his tenure at I.D. Systems, he pioneered the commercial use of radio frequency identification technology for industrial
asset management and took the company public on the Nasdaq in 1999. Under his leadership, I.D. Systems was named one of North America s
fastest growing technology companies by Deloitte in 2005, 2006, and 2012. Mr. Ehrman received multiple awards during his time at I.D.
Systems, including Deloitte Entrepreneur of the Year and Ground Support Worldwide Engineer/Innovator Leader. 

Mr. Ehrman is also
the Chairman of the Corporate Governance Nominating Committee as well as a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees. The
Board believes that Mr. Ehrman s management experience, engineering expertise and long history and familiarity with industries
the Company currently operates in, make him ideally qualified to help lead the Company towards continued growth. 

28 

Ned Mavrommatis, Director 

Mr. Mavrommatis has
served as the Chief Financial Officer of Halo Collar since May 2022. The Halo Collar is the newest smart safety system for dogs. Co-founded
by Cesar Millan, this patented system utilizes proprietary technology dog psychology to provide a wireless smart fence, smart training,
GPS tracker and activity tracker combined into one easy-to-use smart collar. Prior to Halo Collar Mr. Mavrommatis served as the Chief
Financial Officer of PowerFleet, Inc. (NASDAQ: PWFL) from October 2019 to May 2022 and I.D Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: IDSY) from August 1999
to October 2019. Mr. Mavrommatis started his career in public accounting. 

Mr. Mavrommatis received
a Master of Business Administration in finance from New York University s Leonard Stern School of Business and a Bachelor of Business
Administration in accounting from Bernard M. Baruch College, The City University of New York. Mr. Mavrommatis is also a Certified Public
Accountant. 

James Craig Nixon, Director 

Mr. Nixon joined our Board of Directors on July 15,
2021 and serves as Chairman of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees.
Brigadier General Craig Nixon (Ret.) is a combat decorated, special operations soldier. Over a 29-year Army career, Brigadier General
Nixon served in a wide range of assignments including seven tours in special operations units including assignments as the Commander,
75th Ranger Regiment and Director of Operations for Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC) and US Special Operations Command. He is a
combat decorated soldier whose awards include the Distinguished Service Medal, Silver Star, three Bronze Stars, and the Purple Heart. 

After retiring from the Army in 2011, he was an original
Partner at McChrystal Group, helped create a highly successful leadership consulting company and led their engagements with a number of
technology focused Fortune 500 companies. In 2013 he became the Chief Executive Officer of ACADEMI and over three years through a combination
of organic growth and acquisitions built Constellis Group, a global leader in security and training with over 10,000 employees in 30 countries.
During his tenure Constellis tripled in revenue to over 1 billion annually and saw a fivefold increase in EBITDA. Since January 2016,
he has been the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Nixon Six Solutions, a consulting firm focusing on growth and market entry strategy,
leadership, and mergers acquisitions. He is on a number of government and technology boards and is also a frequent speaker on geopolitics,
leadership, and veterans challenges. 

Brigadier General Nixon is a graduate of Auburn University
and has earned master s degrees from the Command and Staff College and the Air War College. He is a decorated retired General Officer,
successful entrepreneur, and passionate supporter of veteran non-profit organizations. He was selected for the Ranger Hall of Fame and
Auburn University at Montgomery Top Fifty Alumni in 2017. 

Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Nixon s
extensive military and management experience and familiarity with technology industries make him ideally suited to help lead the Company
towards excellence in operations and strategic planning. 

29 

Key Employees 

Jeff Necciai, Chief Technology Officer, Operating
Subsidiary Duos Technologies, Inc. 

Mr. Necciai brings over 25 years of experience
in designing, developing, and delivering value-driven technology solutions across a wide range of industries to Duos. Prior to
joining Duos in January 2021, Jeff served as the Chief Technology Officer of NASCENT Technology, where he cultivated and led
high-performing cross-functional product teams to develop and deliver comprehensive gate automation solutions to rail and maritime
terminal customers. Jeff was responsible for the solution design and software architecture for many of the company's innovations,
including an advanced OCR and imaging solution, proprietary point-to-point VoIP technology, an automated work queue management
system, a line of integrated smart outdoor IP-based callboxes, and a comprehensive human-assisted security and
surveillance platform. In 2001, Jeff co-founded and served as Lead Systems Architect for Solution Dynamics, which developed remote
digital video surveillance products for institutional customers. Jeff is listed on several technology-based patents and has
contributed articles for publications such as American Shipper, World Cargo News, and the Journal of Commerce. Jeff holds a Bachelor
of Science Degree in Business Administration from Clarion University of Pennsylvania. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of our
directors or executive officers. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s
executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s common stock, to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC. 

Based solely on our review of certain reports filed
with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our Common
Stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, were timely, except for one Form 4 for each of the directors reflecting issuance
of director compensation shares were not filed timely. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted
a Code of Ethics for adherence by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to ensure honest and ethical conduct, full,
fair and proper disclosure of financial information in the Company s periodic reports filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Any person may obtain a copy of our Code of Ethics by mailing
a request to the Company at the address appearing on the front page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Board Composition and Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors currently consists of four
members: Mr. Kenneth Ehrman, Mr. Charles P. Ferry, Mr. Ned Mavrommatis, and Mr. James Craig Nixon. The directors will serve until our
next annual meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The Company defines independent as that term
is defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). 

In making the determination of whether a member of
the board is independent, our board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate
family and the Company, including those reported under the caption Related Party Transactions . The purpose of this review
is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that the
directors are independent. Based on such review and its understanding of such relationships and transactions, our board affirmatively
determined that Mr. Ehrman, Mr. Mavrommatis and Mr. Nixon are all qualified as independent and none of them have any material relationship
with us that might interfere with his exercise of independent judgment. 

Board Committees 

Our Board of Directors has established an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a corporate governance and nominating committee. Each committee has its own charter, which is available on
our website at www.duostech.com. Each of the board committees has the composition and responsibilities described below. 

Members will serve on these committees until their
resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. 

Mr. Mavrommatis and Mr. Nixon, both of whom are independent
directors within the meaning of the Nasdaq s listing rules, are the Chairman of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee,
respectively. Each of the independent members of our Board of Directors also serves on one or more committees as previously disclosed. 

30 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and
financial reporting processes and oversees the audit of our financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. The specific functions of this Committee include, but are not limited to: 

appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm, including through the receipt and consideration of reports from such firm; 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures; 

monitoring our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and code of business conduct and ethics; 

discussing our risk management policies; 

establishing policies regarding hiring employees from the independent registered public accounting firm and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting related complaints and concerns; 

meeting independently with our independent registered public accounting firm and management; 

reviewing and approving or ratifying any related person transactions; and 

preparing the audit committee report required by SEC rules. 

Our board has determined that Mr. Mavrommatis
is currently qualified as an audit committee financial expert , as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.
Mr. Mavrommatis serves as the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 

Compensation Committee 

The Committee s compensation-related responsibilities
include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation for our Chief Executive Officer; 

reviewing, approving and recommending to our board of directors on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for our other executive officers; 

determining the need for and the appropriateness of employment agreements and change in control agreements for each of our executive officers and any other officers recommended by the Chief Executive Officer or board of directors; 

providing oversight of management s decisions concerning the performance and compensation of other Company officers, employees, consultants and advisors; 

reviewing our incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes in such plans to our board of directors as needed, and exercising all the authority of our board of directors with respect to the administration of such plans; 

reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of independent directors, including incentive and equity-based compensation; and 

selecting, retaining and terminating such compensation consultants, outside counsel or other advisors as it deems necessary or appropriate. 

Mr. Nixon serves as the Chairman of the Compensation
Committee. 

31 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 

The responsibilities of the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee include: 

recommending to the board of directors nominees for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders and nominees to fill vacancies on the board; 

considering candidates proposed by stockholders in accordance with the requirements in the Committee charter; 

overseeing the administration of the Company s Code of Ethics; 

reviewing with the entire board of directors, on an annual basis, the requisite skills and criteria for board candidates and the composition of the board as a whole; 

having the authority to retain search firms to assist in identifying board
 candidates, approve the terms of the search firm s engagement, and cause the Company to pay the engaged search firm s
 engagement fee; 

recommending to the board of directors on an annual basis the directors to be appointed to each committee of the board of directors; 

overseeing an annual self-evaluation of the board of directors and its committees to determine whether it and its committees are functioning effectively; and 

developing and recommending to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company. 

Mr. Ehrman serves as the Chairman of the Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee. 

Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge,
none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Except as set forth in our discussion below in Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with
us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the Commission. 

32 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth the total compensation
received for services rendered in all capacities to our Company for the last two fiscal years, which was awarded to, earned by, or paid
to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (the Named Executive Officers ). 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Options ) 
 Other Comp. ) 
 Total ) 

Charles P. Ferry, 
 2022 
 250,000 
 150,000 (1) 
 235,144 (2) 
 
 635,144 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (PEO) 
 2021 
 250,000 

250,000 

Andrew W. Murphy (3), 
 2022 
 206,500 
 60,000 (4) 
 188,115 (5) 
 
 454,615 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
 2021 
 169,497 
 129 

169,626 

Adrian G. Goldfarb (6), 
 2022 
 220,000 
 50,000 (7) 
 176,358 (8) 
 
 446,358 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer, Former Director 
 2021 
 205,250 

2,500 (9) 
 207,750 

Connie L. Weeks, 
 2022 
 167,030 
 20,000 (11) 
 94,058 (12) 
 
 281,088 
 
 Former Chief Accounting Officer (10) 
 2021 
 150,000 

150,000 

(1) 
 Represents 150,000 objectives bonus. 
 
 (2) 
 Option compensation is the fair market value of 100,000 share, five-year options with a strike price of 6.41 and three-year vesting granted to Mr. Ferry as a retention incentive. See table below for valuation methodology. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. Murphy became Chief Financial Officer effective November 15, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents 60,000 objectives bonus. 
 
 (5) 
 Option compensation is the fair market value of 80,000 share, five-year options with a strike price of 6.41 and three-year vesting granted to Mr. Murphy as a retention incentive. See table below for valuation methodology. 
 
 (6) 
 Mr. Goldfarb retired as Chief Financial Officer effective November 15, 2022. 
 
 (7) 
 Represents 50,000 objectives bonus. 
 
 (8) 
 Option compensation is the fair market value of 75,000 share, five-year options with a strike price of 6.41 and three-year vesting granted to Mr. Goldfarb as a retention incentive. See table below for valuation methodology. 
 
 (9) 
 Comprised of 2,500 annual car allowance in 2021. 
 
 (10) 
 On December 31, 2022 Ms. Weeks retired from the Company. 
 
 (11) 
 Represents bonus award for long service to the Company. 
 
 (12) 
 Option compensation is the fair market value of 40,000 share, five-year options with a strike price of 6.41 and initial three-year vesting granted to Ms. Weeks as a retention incentive. Ms. Weeks' options become fully vested upon her retirement on December 31, 2022 as an accommodation for long service to the Company. See table below for valuation methodology. 

For the Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 
 0.97 

Expected term in years 
 
 3.50 

Dividend yield 

Volatility of common stock 
 
 72 

Estimated annual forfeitures 

33 

Outstanding Equity
Awards at December 31, 2022 

Name 
 Number of shares underlying unexercised options exercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards; Number of shares underlying unexercised unearned options 
 Option exercise price 
 Option Expiration date 
 Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 
 Charles P. Ferry 
 
 100,000 
 6.41 
 12/31/2026 

100,000 
 0 
 
 Charles P. Ferry 
 100,000 
 
 4.18 
 08/31/2025 

Andrew W. Murphy 
 
 80,000 
 6.41 
 12/31/2026 

80,000 
 0 
 
 Andrew W. Murphy 
 13,333 
 6,667 
 4.35 
 11/22/2025 

6,667 
 0 
 
 Adrian G. Goldfarb 
 
 75,000 
 6.41 
 12/31/2026 

75,000 
 0 
 
 Adrian G. Goldfarb 
 18,929 
 
 6.00 
 03/31/2025 

Adrian G. Goldfarb 
 18,929 
 
 4.74 
 03/31/2025 

Connie L. Weeks 
 40,000 
 
 6.41 
 12/31/2026 

Connie L. Weeks 
 18,929 
 
 6.00 
 03/31/2025 

Connie L. Weeks 
 18,929 
 
 4.74 
 03/31/2025 

Employment
Agreements 

Charles P. Ferry 

On September 1, 2020, the Company entered into an
employment agreement (the Ferry Employment Agreement with Charles P. Ferry pursuant to which Mr. Ferry serves as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company. The Ferry Employment Agreement is for a term of one year (the Initial Term and shall
be automatically extended for additional terms of successive one-year periods (the Additional Term unless the Company or
Mr. Ferry gives at least 60 days written notice of non-renewal prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or an Additional Term. Mr.
Ferry is to receive a base salary at an annual rate of 250,000. Mr. Ferry received a one-time cash incentive bonus in the amount of 50,217
in accordance with criteria determined by the Board and based on the review and recommendation of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Ferry
is also eligible for an annual bonus in an amount up to 150,000 in accordance with criteria, including but not limited to, revenue targets,
profitability and other key performance indicators. Additionally, Mr. Ferry received 100,000 options that are exercisable into 100,000
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.18, of which 100 vested on September 1, 2022. He received a further grant in January
2022 in the amount of 100,000 non-qualified options with a term of five years and on a strike price of 6.41. The options have a three-year
vesting period. The Ferry Employment Agreement can be terminated with or without cause at any time during the Initial Term or during an
Additional Term. As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Ferry is eligible to participate in all of the Company s benefit programs. 

Potential Payments
upon Change of Control or Termination following a Change of Control and Severance 

The Ferry Employment
Agreement contains certain provisions for early termination, which may result in a severance payment equal to up to six months of base
salary then in effect. Generally, we do not provide any severance specifically upon a change in control, nor do we provide for accelerated
vesting upon a change in control. 

Adrian G. Goldfarb 

On April 1, 2018, the Company entered into an employment
agreement (the Goldfarb Employment Agreement with Adrian G. Goldfarb, pursuant to which Mr. Goldfarb serves as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. During 2020, Mr. Goldfarb was paid an annual salary of 197,750 and an annual car allowance of 7,500. In 2021,
Mr. Goldfarb s salary was increased to 207,750 and the car allowance cancelled. The Goldfarb Employment Agreement had an initial
term through March 31, 2019, subject to renewal for successive one-year terms unless either party gives the other notice of that party s
election to not renew at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The Goldfarb Employment Agreement remains in
effect through March 31, 2023. The Goldfarb Employment Agreement was approved by the Compensation Committee and it is anticipated that
Mr. Goldfarb s compensation terms will be revisited in the future by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board. 

Potential Payments upon Change of Control or Termination
following a Change of Control and Severance 

The Goldfarb Employment Agreement contains certain
provisions for early termination, which may result in a severance payment equal to one year of base salary then in effect. Generally,
we do not provide any severance specifically upon a change in control, nor do we provide for accelerated vesting upon change in control. 

34 

Connie L. Weeks 

On April 1, 2018, the Company entered into an employment
agreement (the Weeks Employment Agreement with Connie L. Weeks, pursuant to which Ms. Weeks served as Chief Accounting
Officer of the Company. During 2022, Ms. Weeks was paid an annual salary of 152,260 as well as a 20,000 performance bonus and 14,770
in compensation for unused paid time off. The Weeks Employment Agreement had an initial term that extended through March 31, 2019, subject
to renewal for successive one year terms unless either party gives notice of that party s election to not renew to the other party
at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. Ms. Weeks gave notice to the Company that she would be retiring effective
December 31, 2022. As a consequence, the Weeks Employment Agreement terminated effective December 31, 2022. The Weeks Employment Agreement
was approved by the Compensation Committee. 

Potential Payments upon Change of Control or Termination
following a Change of Control and Severance 

The Weeks Employment Agreement contained certain
provisions for early termination, which may have resulted in a severance payment equal to two years of base salary then in effect. This
provision is no longer in effect and Ms. Weeks will not receive any further compensation following her retirement. 

Director Compensation 

Starting in 2021, the Compensation Committee determined
that directors will receive 40,000 for serving as a member of a committee and 10,000 for serving as Chairman of a committee. The 10,000
fee is also inclusive of any services rendered as a member of one or more committees. The board compensation will be paid 40 in cash
and 60 in shares of restricted common stock or options to purchase shares of common stock, as elected by the board member. Each board
member may further elect to receive up to 100 of compensation in restricted stock on a quarterly basis. 

The following table summarizes data concerning the
compensation of our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) (6) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Kenneth Ehrman (1) 
 0 
 50,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 50,000 
 
 Edmond L. Harris (2) 
 18,333 
 27,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 45,833 
 
 Ned Mavrommatis (3) 
 20,000 
 30,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 50,000 
 
 James Craig Nixon (4) 
 0 
 50,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 50,000 

(1) 
 Kenneth Ehrman was appointed to the board in January 2019. Through November 19, 2020, he served as Chairman of the Compensation Committee and as of that date he was named Chairman of our Board of Directors. He serves as a member of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Mr. Ehrman elected to receive all of his compensation in stock. 
 
 (2) 
 Edmond L. Harris was appointed to the board on November 19, 2020. Since his appointment, he served as Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Harris resigned from the Board of Directors effective November 28, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Ned Mavrommatis was appointed to the board on August 13, 2019. Through November 19, 2020, he served as Co-Chairman of the Audit Committee and since then he has been the sole Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees. 
 
 (4) 
 James Craig Nixon was appointed to the board on July 15, 2021. Since his appointment, he has served as Chairman of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees. 
 
 (6) 
 Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of stock awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. In determining the grant date fair value of stock awards, the Company used the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 

35 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

As of March 28, 2023, our authorized
capitalization was 500,000,000 shares of common stock 0.001 par value per share,500,000 shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock, 15,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Preferred B ), 5,000 shares of Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock Preferred C ), 4,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Preferred
D ), and 30,000 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Preferred E ). As of the same date, there are
7,156,876 shares of our common stock issued, 0 shares of Preferred A, 0 shares of Preferred B, 0 shares of Preferred C outstanding,
1,299 shares of Preferred D outstanding, and 4,000 shares of Preferred E outstanding, respectively. Additionally, our common stock
entitles its holder to one vote on each matter submitted to the stockholders. 

The following table sets forth, as of March 28, 2023,
the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to own of record or beneficially five
percent or more of our outstanding shares, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our executive officers and (iv) all of our directors
and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the persons listed below has sole voting and investment power with
respect to the shares of our common stock beneficially owned. The address of our directors and executive officers is c/o Duos Technologies
Group, Inc., at 7660 Centurion Parkway, Suite 100, Jacksonville, Florida 32256. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 5 Beneficial Shareholders 

Bleichroeder LP 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 47 th Floor New York, NY 10105 (1) 
 2,994,140 
 36.75 
 
 Pessin Family Holdings 500 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2240 New York, NY 10110 (2) 
 1,459,945 
 20.45 
 
 Bard Associates, Inc. 135 South LaSalle Street, Ste 3700 Chicago, Illinois 60603 (3) 
 475,853 

Laurence W. Lytton 467 Central Park West New York, New York 10025 (4) 
 734,025 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Charles P. Ferry (5) 
 106,000 
 1.46 
 
 Andrew W. Murphy (6) 
 40,750 

Kenneth Ehrman (7) 
 62,680 

Ned Mavrommatis (8) 
 35,431 

James C. Nixon 
 24,280 

Denotes less than 1 

(1) 
 Based on Amendment No. 6 to Schedule 13G/A filed by Bleichroeder LP
 Bleichroeder with the SEC on February 14, 2023 (the Bleichroeder 13G/A ). According to the
 Bleichroeder 13G/A, Bleichroeder is an investment advisor registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and as
 of February 14, 2023 was deemed to be the beneficial owner of 1,283,162 shares of our Common Stock as a result of acting as
 investment advisor to various clients. The number of shares beneficially owned by Bleichroeder does not include warrants
 to purchase shares of our Common Stock held of record by 21 April Fund, Ltd. in the amount of 32,724 or warrants to purchase shares
 of our Common Stock held of record by 21 April Fund LP (together with 21 April Fund, Ltd., the 21 April Entities in
 the amount of 11,920 due to a 9.99 beneficial ownership limitation included in such warrants. Bleichroeder acts as an
 investment advisor to the 21 April Entities. The 21 April Entities also purchased 999 shares of Series D Preferred Stock
 on September 30, 2022, which, subject to receipt of the Stockholder Approval pursuant to Proposal No. 2, is convertible into 333,000
 shares of Common Stock. The 21 April Entities also purchased 4,000 shares of Series E Preferred
Stock on March 27, 2023, which, subject to receipt of the Stockholder Approval, is convertible into 1,333,334 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 (2) 
 Based on Amendment No. 5 to Schedule 13D/A filed by Norman H. Pessin, Sandra F. Pessin and Brian L. Pessin with the SEC on October 7, 2022 (the Pessin 13D/A disclosing that Norman H. Pessin owns 57,972 shares of our Common Stock, Sandra F. Pessin beneficially owns 1,221,062 shares of our Common Stock and Brian L. Pessin beneficially owns 180,911 shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 (3) 
 Based on Schedule 13G filed by Bard Associates, Inc. Bard with the SEC on February 6, 2023, disclosing that Bard has sole voting and dispositive power as to 10,000 shares of Common Stock and shared dispositive power as to 465,853 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 (4) 
 Based on Amendment No. 3 to Schedule 13G/A filed by Mr. Lytton with the SEC on February 13, 2023. Mr. Lytton also purchased 300 shares of Series D Preferred Stock on October 29, 2022, which, subject to receipt of the Stockholder Approval pursuant to Proposal No. 2, is convertible into 100,000 shares of Common Stock.. 

36 

(5) 
 Includes (i) 100,000 shares of our Common Stock underlying the vested and exercisable portion of options to purchase our Common Stock at an exercise price of 4.18 per share. 100,000 shares of our Common Stock underlying the unvested and currently non-exercisable portion of options to purchase our Common Stock at an exercise price of 6.41 per share were excluded. The 6,000 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Ferry are held in a joint account with his spouse. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes (i) options to purchase 13,333 shares of our Common Stock at 4.35 per share, all of which are fully vested and exercisable; (ii) options to purchase 26,667 shares of our Common Stock at 6.41 per share, all of which are fully vested and exercisable; and (iii) 750 shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes (i) options to purchase 8,572 shares of our Common Stock at 4.74 per share, all of which are fully vested and currently exercisable, and (ii) options to purchase 8,572 shares of our Common Stock at 6.00 per share, all of which are fully vested and currently exercisable. 
 
 (8) 
 Includes (i) options to purchase 8,572 shares of our Common Stock at 4.74 per share, all of which are fully vested and currently exercisable, and (ii) options to purchase 8,572 shares of our Common Stock at 6.00 per share, all of which are fully vested and currently exercisable. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

2021 Equity Plan 

On May 12, 2021, the Board adopted, with shareholder
approval, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan providing for the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of our Common
Stock. The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to assist the Company in attracting and retaining key employees, directors and consultants and
to provide incentives to such individuals to align their interests with those of our shareholders. 

37 

General Description of the 2021 Plan 

The following is a summary of the material provisions
of the 2021 Plan and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the 2021 Plan, which you are encouraged to read
in full. 

Administration 

The 2021 Plan is administered by the Compensation
Committee of the Board, which consists of three members of the Board, each of whom is a non-employee director within the
meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m).
Among other things, the Compensation Committee has complete discretion, subject to the express limits of the 2021 Plan, to determine the
directors, employees and nonemployee consultants to be granted an award, the type of award to be granted, the terms and conditions of
the award, the form of payment to be made and/or the number of shares of Common Stock subject to each award, the exercise price of each
option and base price of each stock appreciation right SAR ), the term of each award, the vesting schedule for an award,
whether to accelerate vesting, the value of the Common Stock underlying the award, and the required withholding, if any. The Compensation
Committee may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding award, provided that the participant s consent to such action is required
if the action would impair the participant s rights or entitlements with respect to that award. The Compensation Committee is also
authorized to construe the award agreements and may prescribe rules relating to the 2021 Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Compensation
Committee does not have any authority to grant or modify an award under the 2021 Plan with terms or conditions that would cause the grant,
vesting or exercise thereof to be considered nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A. 

Grant of Awards; Shares Available for Awards 

The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of stock options,
SARs, performance share awards, performance unit awards, distribution equivalent right awards, restricted stock awards, restricted stock
unit awards and unrestricted stock awards to non-employee directors, officers, employees and nonemployee consultants of the Company or
its affiliates. We have reserved a total of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance as or under awards to be made under the 2021
Plan. If any award expires, is cancelled, or terminates unexercised or is forfeited, the number of shares subject thereto is again available
for grant under the 2021 Plan. 

Currently, there are 75 identified employees (including
three executive officers, of which one is a director), four non-employee directors, and up to 75 other current or future staff members
who would be eligible to receive stock options and/or shares of restricted stock under the 2021 Plan. Future new hires and additional
non-employee directors and/or consultants would be eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan as well. 

Stock Options 

The 2021 Plan provides for either incentive
stock options ISOs ), which are intended to meet the requirements for special federal income tax treatment under
the Code, or nonqualified stock options NQSOs ). Stock options may be granted on such terms and conditions
as the Compensation Committee may determine; provided, however, that the per share exercise price under a stock option may not be less
than the fair market value of a share of the Company s Common Stock on the date of grant and the term of the stock option may not
exceed 10 years (110 of such value and five years in the case of an ISO granted to an employee who owns (or is deemed to own) more than
10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of capital stock of the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company). ISOs
may only be granted to employees. In addition, the aggregate fair market value of our Common Stock covered by one or more ISOs (determined
at the time of grant) which are exercisable for the first time by an employee during any calendar year may not exceed 100,000. Any excess
is treated as a NQSO. 

38 

Stock Appreciation Rights 

An SAR entitles the participant, upon exercise, to
receive an amount, in cash or stock or a combination thereof, equal to the increase in the fair market value of the underlying Common
Stock between the date of grant and the date of exercise. SARs may be granted in tandem with, or independently of, stock options granted
under the 2021 Plan. An SAR granted in tandem with a stock option (i) is exercisable only at such times, and to the extent, that the related
stock option is exercisable in accordance with the procedure for exercise of the related stock option; (ii) terminates upon termination
or exercise of the related stock option (likewise, the Common Stock option granted in tandem with a SAR terminates upon exercise of the
SAR); (iii) is transferable only with the related stock option; and (iv) if the related stock option is an ISO, may be exercised only
when the value of the stock subject to the stock option exceeds the exercise price of the stock option. An SAR that is not granted in
tandem with a stock option is exercisable at such times as the Compensation Committee may specify. 

Performance Share and Performance Unit Awards 

Performance share and performance unit awards entitle
the participant to receive cash or shares of our Common Stock upon the attainment of specified performance goals. In the case of performance
units, the right to acquire the units is denominated in cash values. 

Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock
Unit Awards 

A restricted stock award is a grant or sale of Common
Stock to the participant, subject to our right to repurchase all or part of the shares at their purchase price (or to require forfeiture
of such shares if issued to the participant at no cost) in the event that conditions specified by the Compensation Committee in the award
are not satisfied prior to the end of the time period during which the shares subject to the award may be repurchased by or forfeited
to us. Our restricted stock unit entitles the participant to receive a cash payment equal to the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock for each restricted stock unit subject to such restricted stock unit award, if the participant satisfies the applicable vesting
requirement. 

Unrestricted Stock Awards 

An unrestricted stock award is a grant or sale of
shares of our Common Stock to the participant that is not subject to transfer, forfeiture or other restrictions, in consideration for
past services rendered to the Company or an affiliate or for other valid consideration. 

Amendment and Termination 

The Compensation Committee may adopt, amend and rescind
rules relating to the administration of the 2021 Plan, and amend, suspend or terminate the 2021 Plan, but no such amendment, rescission,
suspension or termination will be made that materially and adversely impairs the rights of any participant with respect to any award received
thereby under the 2021 Plan without the participant s consent, other than amendments that are necessary to permit the granting of
awards in compliance with applicable laws. 

39 

The following table provides equity compensation
plan information as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

997,934 
 (1) (2) 

6.11 
 (3) 

525,061 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

160,000 

4.98 
 (3) 

N/A 

1. On March 11, 2016, the Board adopted, subject to the receipt of stockholder
approval, which was received on April 21, 2016, the 2016 Plan providing for the issuance of up to 16,327 shares of our common stock. The
2016 Plan was subsequently modified with stockholder approval twice: on January 18, 2018 to increase the total maximum number of shares
issuable under the 2016 Plan to 178,572 and on July 31, 2019 to increase the total maximum number of shares issuable under the 2016 Plan
to 321,429 of which 311,898 had been issued. The purpose of the 2016 Plan was to assist the Company in attracting and retaining key employees,
directors, and consultants and to provide incentives to such individuals to align their interests with those of our stockholders. 

2. On April 12, 2021, the Board adopted, subject to the receipt of
 stockholder approval, which was received on July 15, 2021, the 2021 Plan providing for the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of our
 common stock of which 685,000 have been issued and 190,000 forfeited as of December 31, 2022. The purpose of the 2021 Plan was to
 replace the 2016 Plan which had expired and continue to assist the Company in attracting and retaining key employees, directors, and
 consultants and to provide incentives to such individuals to align their interests with those of our stockholders. 

3. Represents the aggregate Weighted Average Exercise Price of 837,434 outstanding options as of December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

On August 1, 2012, the Company entered into an
independent contractor master services agreement (the Services Agreement with Luceon, LLC, a Florida limited
liability company, owned by our former Chief Technology Officer, David Ponevac. The Services Agreement provided that Luceon would
provide support services including management, coordination or software development services and related services to duos. In
January 2019, additional services were contracted with Luceon for TrueVue360 primarily for software development through the
provision of 7 additional full-time contractors located in Slovakia at a cost of 16,250 for January initially, rising to 25,583
after fully staffed, per month starting February 2019. This was in addition to the existing contract of 7,480 per month for duos
for 4 full-time contractors which increased to 8,231 per month in June of 2019. During 2020 efforts in reducing cost, Luceon
reduced its staff for the TrueVue360 software development team from a staff of 7 to 3 full-time employees at a cost of 11,666 per
month starting June 1, 2020. As of January 1, 2021, the Company ceased recording activities in TrueVue360 nor its combined billings
for a total of 20,986 per month. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount expensed was 0 and 93,422,
respectively. The Company had no open accounts payable with Luceon at December 31, 2022 or 2021. On May 14, 2021, the Company
formally ended its relationship with Luceon in concert with the resignation of our Chief Technology Officer and as such there is no
longer a related party relationship. 

Policy on Future Related Party Transactions 

The Company requires that any related party transactions
must be approved by a majority of the Company s independent directors. 

40 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Fees Billed for Audit and Non-Audit Services 

The following table presents for each of the
last two fiscal years the aggregate fees billed in connection with the audits of our financial statements and other professional services
rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm Salberg Company, P.A. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 111,200 
 101,800 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 18,900 
 18,500 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total Accounting fees and Services 
 130,100 
 120,300 

(1) 
 Audit Fees . These are fees for professional services for the audit of our annual financial statements, and for the review of the financial statements included in our filings on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 (2) 
 Audit-Related Fees . These are fees for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant s financial statements. 
 
 (3) 
 Tax Fees . These are fees for professional services rendered by the principal accountant with respect to tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 
 
 (4) 
 All Other Fees . These are fees for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above. 

41 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement
Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed or furnished
as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. Financial Statements 

Reference is made to the
Index to Financial Statements under page F-1 hereof. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

The Financial Statement Schedules have been
omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information is shown in the financial statements or related notes. 

3. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 First Amendment to Merger and Plan of Merger, dated March 15, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 2.1 on March 19, 2015) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 6, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 2.1 on February 9, 2015) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 3.1 on July 13, 2015) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 3.1 on April 7, 2015) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Form S-1/A filed on May 28, 2021) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 3.1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2017) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation Designation Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 3.1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 29, 2017) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15, 2020) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2021) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amendments to Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 18, 2021) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2022). 
 
 3.10 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation Designation of Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 4.1 on December 23, 2016) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Purchaser Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 4.1 on November 29, 2017) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 4.2 on November 29, 2017) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant Agreemen t (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 24, 2020) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 44 to the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2022 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between the Company and Charles P. Ferry (incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed as Exhibit 10.32 on March 30, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2016, by and between Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and the Schedule of Buyers attached thereto (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.1 on April 6, 2016) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Security and Pledge Agreement, dated April 1, 2016, by and among Duos Technologies Group, Inc., each of the Company s Subsidiaries named therein and GPB Debt Holdings II, LLC (in its capacity as collateral agent) (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.2 on April 6, 2016) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Guaranty, dated April 1, 2016, by and among each of Duos Technologies Group, Inc. s Subsidiaries named therein and GPB Debt Holdings II, LLC (in its capacity as collateral agent) (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.3 on April 6, 2016) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Warrant, dated April 1, 2016, issued by Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.4 on April 6, 2016) 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 1, 2016) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2016, by and between Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and JMJ Financial (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.1 on December 23, 2016) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 20, 2016, by and between Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and JMJ Financial (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.2 on December 23, 2016) 

42 

10.9 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.1 on November 29, 2017) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.2 on November 29, 2017) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amendment #1 to the Securities Purchase Agreement and to the Note, dated May 22, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed as Exhibit 10.5 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2017) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment #2 to the Securities Purchase Agreement and to the Note, dated July 12, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed as Exhibit 10.6 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2017) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment #3 to the Securities Purchase Agreement and to the Note, dated August 14, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed as Exhibit 10.7 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2017) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amendment #4 to the Securities Purchase Agreement and Note, dated November 14, 2017, by and between Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and JMJ Financial (incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed as Exhibit 10.8 on November 20, 2017) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment #5 to the Securities Purchase Agreement and Note, dated November 16, 2017, by and between Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and JMJ Financial (incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed as Exhibit 10.9 on November 20, 2017) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Amendment #6 to the Securities Purchase Agreement and Note, dated November 20, 2017, by and between Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and JMJ Financial (incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed as Exhibit 10.10 on November 20, 2017) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Forbearance Agreement, dated May 12, 2017, by and among Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and GPB Debt Holdings II, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed as Exhibit 10.13 on November 20, 2017) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Note Holder Letter Agreement, dated June 9, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2017) 
 
 10.19+ 
 
 Form of Arcaini Letter Agreement, dated June 9, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.2 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2017) 
 
 10.20+ 
 
 Form of Goldfarb Letter Agreement, dated June 9, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2017) 
 
 10.21 
 
 GPB Debt Holdings II, LLC Letter Agreement, dated August 1, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed as Exhibit 10.4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2017) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Conversion Letter (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.5 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 29, 2017) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Redemption Letter (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 29, 2017) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Pay-off Letter (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed as Exhibit 10.3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 29, 2017) 
 
 10.25+ 
 
 Amendment to 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2017). 
 
 10.26+ 
 
 Amendment to 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2019) 
 
 10.27+ 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Note, dated April 23, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2020) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Separation Agreement, dated July 10, 2020, by and between Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and Gianni B. Arcaini (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2020) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2021) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2021) 

43 

10.32+ 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on June 23, 2021) 
 
 10.33+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 1, 2018, between the Company and Adrian G. Goldfarb (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2019) 
 
 10.34+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 1, 2018, between the Company and Connie L. Weeks (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2019) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2022) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2022) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2023) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2018 on April 15, 2019) 
 
 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 28, 2021) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Salberg Company, P.A. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2019) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2019) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2019) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 107 
 
 Filing Fee Table 

filed herewith 

furnished herewith 

+ indicates
management contract or compensatory plan 

Item 16. Form
10-K Summary 

Not applicable 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles P. Ferry 

Charles P. Ferry 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew W. Murphy 

Andrew W. Murphy 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to requirements
with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Charles P. Ferry 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Charles P. Ferry 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Andrew W. Murphy 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Andrew W. Murphy 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Kenneth Ehrman 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Kenneth Ehrman 

/s/ Ned Mavrommatis 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ned Mavrommatis 

/s/ James Craig Nixon 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 James Craig Nixon 

45 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-9 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of: 

 Duos Technologies Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Duos Technologies Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Percentage of Completion Revenue Recognition 
Related Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 

As described in footnote 1, Revenue Recognition
 Technology Systems and footnote 8, Revenues and Contract Accounting to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company recognizes revenue over time using a cost-based input methodology in which significant judgement is required to estimated
costs to complete projects. These estimated costs are then used to determine the progress towards contract completion and the corresponding
amount of revenue to recognize. In addition, contract assets on uncompleted contracts represent cumulative revenues in excess of billings
on uncompleted contracts accounted for under the percentage of completion contract method. Contract liabilities on uncompleted contracts
represent billings that exceed cumulative revenues recognized on uncompleted contracts accounted for under the percentage of completion
contract method. 

We identified this percentage of completion revenue
recognition as a critical audit matter. Auditing management s estimates and judgments regarding forecasts of total estimated costs
to complete projects is especially challenging and complex. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included (a) evaluated the reasonableness of management s cost estimates to complete projects by comparing
them to historical information, year-to-date current information, information available on projects subsequent to year end, and other
supporting information, (b) performed ratio analysis and gross margin comparisons when applicable on a sample of technology systems revenues
(c) agreed cost details to supporting documents, (d) confirmed billings with customers and/or traced cash receipts to bank statements,
(e) recomputed the revenue earned and recognized, and (f) recomputed the contract asset or liability 

Analysis of Liquidity and Going Concern 

As summarized in Footnote 2 Liquidity 
to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a history of net losses and net cash used in operating activities and believes
such conditions will continue for a period of time into the future. These are considered adverse conditions or events that lead management
to consider whether there is substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period
of time or whether such concerns are alleviated with management s plans. 

We identified the going concern risk analysis as a
critical audit matter. Auditing management s going concern analysis including their process to develop the analysis and the projections
of future cash flows, operating trends, and assessments of internal and external matters that may affect the Company s future operations
and cash flows involved a high degree of subjectivity. Additionally, auditing management s plans to address the going concern risk
involved highly subjective auditor judgment. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included (a) Assessed the reasonableness of management s process for developing their assessment of whether
a going concern risk exists, (b) Assessed the reasonableness of assumptions management used in their future cash flow projections including
comparison to prior year results, consideration of positive and negative evidence impacting management s forecasts, and consideration
of the Company s financing arrangements in place as of the report date, (c) Developed our own independent calculation of expected
source and use of funds, and cash flows and needs of the Company over the one year period from the date of issuance of the consolidated
financial statements, (d) Confirmed cash balances as of December 31, 2022 with the banks and tested management s bank reconciliations
and inspected the bank balances in March 2023 after the 4,000,000 capital raise, (e) Identified management s plans for dealing
with the adverse conditions and events discussed above and assessed the reasonableness of the assumptions of such plans, (f) Assessed
whether it is probable that management s plans, when implemented, will mitigate the adverse effects of the conditions and events
discussed above, (g) Concluded whether substantial doubt exists as to whether the Company can continue as a going concern for a period
of one year after the consolidated financial statements are issued and (h) considered the effect of such conclusion on the consolidated
financial statement disclosures. 

/s/ Salberg Company, P.A. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2013 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Security deposit 

Software development costs, net 

Patents and trademarks, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Notes payable - financing agreements 

Accrued expenses 

Equipment financing agreements-current portion 

Operating lease obligation-current portion 

Contract liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Equipment financing agreement, less current portion 

Operating lease obligation, less current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Preferred stock: par value, authorized, shares available to be designated 

Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock, 
 stated value per share, 
 shares designated; 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, convertible into common stock at 
 per share 

Series B convertible preferred stock, 
 stated value per share, 
 shares designated; 
 and 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, convertible into common stock at 
 per share 

Series C convertible preferred stock, 
 stated value per share, 
 shares designated; and 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, convertible into common stock at 
 per share 

Series D convertible preferred stock, 
 stated value per share, 
 shares designated; 
 and 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, convertible into common stock at 
 per share 

Common stock: par value; shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Sub-total 

Less: Treasury stock shares of common stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021) 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES: 

Technology systems 

Services and consulting 

Total Revenues 

COST OF REVENUES: 

Technology systems 

Services and consulting 

Total Cost of Revenues 

GROSS MARGIN 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Sales marketing 

Research development 

General administration 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 

Total Other Income 

NET LOSS 

Net Loss Per Share - Basic 

Net Loss Per Share - Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares - Basic 

Weighted Average Shares - Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Stock B 
 Preferred Stock C 
 Preferred Stock D 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 

# of 
 
 # of 
 
 # of 
 
 # of 
 
 Paid-in- 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Total 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Series C preferred stock converted to common stock 

Series B preferred stock converted to common stock 

Series D preferred stock issued for cash 

Stock options compensation 

Common stock issued for cash 

Stock issuance cost 

Stock issued for services 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Stock options granted to employees 

Series C Preferred stock issued for cash 

Series B preferred converted to common stock 

Series C preferred converted to common stock 

Common stock issued for cashless warrants exercised 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for cashless employee stock options exercised 

Rounding-split in 2020 

Net loss for the year ended December 21, 2021 

Balance December 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Bad debt expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Stock based compensation 

Stock issued for services 

PPP loan forgiveness including accrued interest 

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Security deposit 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable-related party 

Payroll taxes payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease obligation 

Contract liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of patents/trademarks 

Purchase of software development 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayments of insurance and equipment financing 

Repayment of finance lease 

Proceeds from common stock issued 

Issuance cost 

Proceeds from preferred stock issued 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Lease right of use asset and liability 

Notes issued for financing of insurance premiums 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 8 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock and of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock as previously presented on the December 31, 2021 Consolidated Balance
Sheet to additional paid-in capital to conform to the presentation at December 31, 2022 of new Series D Preferred Stock at par value rather
than at stated value. There was no net effect on the total shareholders equity of such reclassification. 

The Company reclassified certain operating expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2021 to conform to 2022 classification. There was no net effect on the total expenses of such reclassification. 

The following table reflects the reclassification
adjustment effect for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Technology systems 

Technical support 

Services and consulting 

Total Revenue 

Total Revenue 

COST OF REVENUES: 

COST OF REVENUES: 

Technology systems 

Technology systems 

Technical support 

Services and consulting 

Overhead 

Total Cost of Revenues 

Total Cost of Revenues 

GROSS MARGIN 

) 

GROSS MARGIN 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Sales and marketing 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

Research and development 

General and administration 

General and administration 

Total Operating Expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

() 
 
 LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit
Risk 

The Company had certain customers
whose revenue individually represented 10 or more of the Company s total revenue, or whose accounts receivable balances individually
represented 10 or more of the Company s total accounts receivable, as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, four customers
accounted for , ,
 
and 
of revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, a single customer accounted for 
of revenues. In all cases, there are no minimum contract values stated. Each contract covers an agreement to deliver a rail inspection
portal which, once accepted, must be paid in full, with 30 or more being due and payable prior to delivery. The balances of the contracts
are for service and maintenance which is paid annually in advance with revenues recorded ratably over the contract period. 

At December 31, 2022, four customers accounted for
 , , and of accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for and of accounts receivable. Much
of the credit risk is mitigated since all of the customers listed here are Class 1 railroads with a history of timely payments to us. 

Geographic Concentration 

Approximately and of revenue in 2022 and 2021,
respectively, is generated from customers outside of the United States. 

Significant Vendors and Concentration 

In some instances, the Company relies on a limited pool of vendors for
key components related to the manufacturing of its subsystems. These vendors are primarily focused on camera, server and lighting technologies
integral to the Company s solution where possible, the Company seeks multiple vendors for key components to mitigate vendor concentration
risk. 

to five years). When assets are sold or retired, their costs and accumulated depreciation are eliminated from
the accounts and any gain or loss resulting from their disposal is included in the statement of operations. Leasehold improvements
are expensed over the shorter of the term of our lease or their useful lives. 

years. 

-day warranty period for materials
and labor after final acceptance of a project. If any parts are defective they are replaced under our vendor warranty which is usually
 to months. Final acceptance terms vary by customer. Some customers have a cure period for any material deviation and if the Company
fails or is unable to correct any deviations, a full refund of all payments made by the customer will be arranged by the Company. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the warranty costs have been de-minimis, therefore no accrual of warranty liability has been made. 

Revenue is recognized by evaluating our revenue contracts
with customers based on the five-step model under ASC 606: 

1. Identify the contract with the customer; 

2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

3. Determine the transaction price; 

4. Allocate the transaction price to separate performance obligations; and 

5. Recognize revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied. 

The Company generates revenue from four sources: 

 (1) Technology Systems 

 (2) AI Technologies 

 (3) Technical Support 

 (4) Consulting Services 

Technology Systems 

For revenues related to technology systems, the Company
recognizes revenue over time using a cost-based input methodology in which significant judgment is required to estimate costs to complete
projects. These estimated costs are then used to determine the progress towards contract completion and the corresponding amount of revenue
to recognize. 

Accordingly, the Company now bases its revenue recognition
on ASC 606-10-25-27, where control of a good or service transfers over time if the entity s performance does not create an asset
with an alternative use to the entity and the entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date including a
profit margin or reasonable return on capital. Control is deemed to pass to the customer instantaneously as the goods are manufactured
and revenue is recognized accordingly. 

In addition, the Company has adopted ASC 606-10-55-21
such that if the cost incurred is not proportionate to the progress in satisfying the performance obligation, we adjust the input method
to recognize revenue only to the extent of the cost incurred. Therefore, the Company will recognize revenue at an equal amount to the
cost of the goods to satisfy the performance obligation. To accurately reflect revenue recognition based on the input method, the Company
has adopted the implementation guidance as set out in ASC-606-10-55-187 through 192. 

Under this method, contract revenues are recognized
over the performance period of the contract in direct proportion to the costs incurred. Costs include direct material, direct labor, subcontract
labor and other allocable indirect costs. All un-allocable indirect costs and corporate general and administrative costs are also charged
to the periods as incurred. Any recognized revenues that have not been billed to a customer are recorded as an asset in contract
assets . Any billings of customers more than recognized revenues are recorded as a liability in contract liabilities .
However, in the event a loss on a contract is foreseen, the Company will recognize the loss when such loss is determined. 

AI Technologies 

The Company has revenue from applications that incorporate
artificial intelligence (AI) in the form of predetermined algorithms which provide important operating information to the users of our
systems. The revenue generated from these applications of AI consists of a fixed fee related to the design, development, testing and incorporation
of new algorithms into the system, which is recognized as revenue at a point in time upon acceptance, as well as an annual application
maintenance fee, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the contracted maintenance term. 

Technical Support 

Technical support services are provided on both an
as-needed and extended-term basis and may include providing both parts and labor. Maintenance and technical support provided outside of
a maintenance contract are on an as-requested basis, and revenue is recognized over time as the services are provided. Revenue
for maintenance and technical support provided on an extended-term basis is recognized over time ratably over the term of the contract. 

Consulting Services 

The Company s consulting services business generates
revenues under contracts with customers from four sources: (1) Professional Services (consulting and auditing); (2) Software licensing
with optional hardware sales; (3) Customer service training and (4) Maintenance support. 

(1) Revenues for professional services, which
are of short-term duration, are recognized when services are completed; 

 (2) For all periods reflected in this report,
software license sales have been one-time sales of a perpetual license to use our software product and the customer also has the option
to purchase third-party manufactured handheld devices from us if they purchase our software license. Accordingly, the revenue is recognized
upon delivery of the software and delivery of the hardware, as applicable, to the customer; 

 (3) Training sales are one-time upfront short-term
training sessions and are recognized after the service has been performed; and 

 (4) Maintenance/support is an optional product
sold to our software license customers under one-year contracts. Accordingly, maintenance payments received upfront are deferred and recognized
over the contract term. 

advertising costs. 

outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock. At December 31, 2022, there was an aggregate
of employee stock options to purchase shares of common stock. At December 31, 2022, common shares were issuable upon conversion
of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, all of which were excluded from the computation of dilutive earnings per share because their
inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

At December 31, 2021, there was an aggregate of 
 outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock. At December 31, 2021, there was an aggregate of 
 employee stock options to purchase shares of common stock. At December 31, 2021, 
 common shares were issuable upon conversion of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, all of which were excluded from the computation
of dilutive earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. Also, at December 31, 2021, 
 common shares were issuable upon conversion of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, all of which were excluded from the computation
of dilutive earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the same period, cash used in operating activities was 7,873,307. The working capital
surplus and accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022, were 
 and , respectively. In previous financial reports, the Company had raised substantial doubt
about continuing as a going concern. This was principally due to a lack of working capital prior to an underwritten offering and a private
placement which were completed during the first quarter of 2022 and during third and fourth quarters of 2022 as well as the first quarter
of 2023. 

As previously noted, the Company raised 4,500,000
from existing shareholders through the issuance of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock during 2021. Additionally, the Company was successful
during 2022 in raising gross proceeds of over 10,100,000 from the sale of both common shares and Series D Preferred Stock. Additionally,
late in the first quarter of 2023, the Company raised gross proceeds of 4,000,000 from the issuance of Series E Preferred Stock (See
Note 16). As part of its strategy, the Company will endeavor to utilize the Preferred Series E and the remainder of the Series D as additional
funding mechanisms. Additionally, during the second quarter of 2023, the Company will again have access to its S-3 shelf registration 
statement allowing the Company to sell additional common shares. At the time of this document, the Company estimates that it has available
capacity on its shelf registration which it can utilize to bolster working capital and growth of the business in the event it did not
have an uptake in the preferred classes of shares previously noted. Although additional investment is not assured, the Company is comfortable
that it would be able to raise sufficient capital to support expanded operations based on an anticipated increase in business activity.
In the long run, the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to continue executing
its business plan, generate enough revenue, and attain consistently profitable operations. Although the lingering effects of the global
pandemic related to the coronavirus (Covid-19) continue to affect our operations, particularly in our supply chain, we now believe that
this is expected to be an ongoing issue and our working capital assumptions reflect this new reality. The Company cannot currently quantify
the uncertainty related to the ongoing supply chain issues and its effects on our customers in the coming quarters. We have analyzed our
cash flow under stress test conditions and have determined that we have sufficient liquid assets on hand or available via
the capital markets to maintain operations for at least twelve months from the date of this report. 

In addition, management has been taking and continues
to take actions including, but not limited to, elimination of certain costs that do not contribute to short term revenue, and re-aligning
both management and staffing with a focus on improving certain skill sets necessary to build growth and profitability and focusing product
strategy on opportunities that are likely to bear results in the relatively short term. The Company believes that, with the combination
of Series E Preferred Stock offering coupled with an S-3 shelf registration availability starting in the second quarter of 2023, it will
have sufficient working capital to meet its obligations over the following twelve months. In the last twelve months the Company has seen
significant growth in its contracted backlog as well as positive signs from new commercial engagements that indicate improvements in future
commercial opportunities. 

Management believes that, at this time, the conditions
in our market space with ongoing contract delays, the consequent need to procure certain materials in advance of a binding contract and
the additional time needed to execute on new contracts previously reported have put a strain on our cash reserves. However, recent common
stock offerings and private placements as well as the availability to raise capital via its shelf registration indicate there is no substantial
doubt for the Company to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months. We continue executing the plan to grow our business
and achieve profitability. The Company may selectively look at opportunities for fund raising in the future. Management has extensively
evaluated our requirements for the next 12 months and has determined that the Company currently has sufficient cash and access to capital
to operate for at least that period. 

While no assurance can be provided, management believes
that these actions provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern and to grow its business and achieve profitability
with access to additional capital funding. Ultimately the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability
of the Company to continue executing the plan described above which was put in place in late 2022 and will continue in 2023 and beyond.
As a result, we expect to generate sufficient revenue and to attain profitable operations with minimal cash use in the next 12 months.
These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts Receivable, Net 

The Company s bad debt expense was zero in
2022 and there was bad debt expense related to accounts receivable of 
 in 2021. 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment, Net 

Depreciation expense
 in 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Patents and trademarks, Net 

Amortization expense in 2022 and 2021 was 
and , respectively. 

, relating
to the development of new software products. These software products were developed by a third party and had passed the preliminary project
stage prior to capitalization. During 2022, the Company capitalized of software products developed by a third party related to
artificial intelligence products placed in service. 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Software Development Costs, net 

Amortization of software development costs in
2022 and 2021 was 
and zero, respectively. 

Third Party - Insurance Note 2 

Third Party - Insurance Note 3 

Third Party - Insurance Note 4 

Total 

The Company entered into an agreement on December
23, 2021 with its insurance provider by issuing a note payable (Insurance Note 1) for the purchase of an insurance policy, secured
by that policy with an annual interest rate of payable in monthly installments of principal and interest totaling through
November 23, 2022. The balance of Insurance Note 1 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was zero and , respectively. 

The Company entered into an agreement on April 15,
2021 with its insurance provider by issuing a note payable (Insurance Note 2) for the purchase of an insurance policy in the amount of
 , secured by that policy with an annual interest rate of and payable in 10 monthly installments of principal and interest
totaling . The policy renewed on April 15, 2022 and, in connection therewith, the Company issued a new note payable to the insurer
on April 15, 2022 in the amount secured by that policy with an annual interest rate of and payable in 11 monthly installments
of principal and interest totaling . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance of Insurance Note 2 was and
 , respectively. 

The Company entered into an agreement on September
15, 2021, with its insurance provider by issuing a note payable (Insurance Note 3) for the purchase of an insurance policy in the amount
of and payable in 10 monthly installments of . The policy renewed on September 23, 2022 and, in connection therewith, the
Company issued a new note payable to the insurer on September 23, 2022 in the amount secured by that policy and payable in 12
monthly installments of principal totaling . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance of Insurance Note 3 was 
and , respectively. 

The Company entered into an agreement on
February 3, 2021 with its insurance provider by issuing a note payable (Insurance Note 4) for the purchase of an insurance policy in
the amount of 
with a down payment paid in the amount of 37,000 on April 6, 2021 and ten monthly installments of .
The Company received a refund on October 5, 2021 for the annual audit of the policy resulting in the refund being applied to the
outstanding amount of 35,787. The policy renewed on February 3, 2022 and, in connection therewith, the Company issued a new note
payable to the insurer in the amount of 
with a down payment paid in the amount of 41,854 and payable in ten monthly installments of .
At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance of Insurance Note 4 was 
and zero, respectively. 

Equipment Financing 

The Company entered into an agreement on August 26,
2019 with an equipment financing company by issuing a note secured by the equipment being financed, with an annual interest rate
of and payable in monthly installments of principal and interest totaling through August 1, 2022. The Company entered into
an additional agreement on May 22, 2020 with the same equipment financing company by issuing a secured note, with an annual interest
rate of and payable in monthly installments of principal and interest totaling through June 1, 2023. At December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, the aggregate balance of these notes was and , respectively. 

At December 31, 2022, future minimum lease payments
due under the equipment financing is as follows: 

Total minimum equipment financing payments 

Less: interest 

() 
 
 Total equipment financing at December 31, 2022 

Less: current portion of equipment financing 

() 
 
 Long-term portion of equipment financing 

Notes Payable PPP Loan 

On April 23, 2020, the Company entered into a
promissory note (the Note with BBVA USA, which provided for a loan in the amount of 
(the Loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and
Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The Loan had a two-year term and an interest at a rate of 
per annum (APR 1.014 ). Monthly principal and interest payments were deferred for seven months after the date of disbursement and
was extended an additional six months from the date of disbursement. The Loan could be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no
prepayment penalties. The Company applied for the PPP loan forgiveness and was granted forgiveness on February 1, 2021. The balance
of the loan forgiveness associated with PPP was recognized in the Income Statement in Other Income, net during 2021.
At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the loan balance was zero and zero, respectively. 

Less: Billings or cash received 

Contract Assets 

Contract Liabilities 

Contract liabilities on uncompleted contracts represent
billings and/or cash received that exceed cumulative revenues recognized on uncompleted contracts accounted for under the cost-to-cost
input method. 

Contract liabilities on services and consulting revenues represent billings
and/or cash received in excess of revenue recognized on service agreements that are not accounted for under the cost-to-cost input method. 

The Company expects to recognize all contract liabilities within 12 months
from the consolidated balance sheet date. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, contract liabilities
on uncompleted contracts consisted of the following: 

Less: Cumulative revenues 

Contract liabilities, technology systems 

Contract Liabilities, services and consulting 

Total Contract Liabilities 

Disaggregation of Revenue The Company is following the guidance of ASC
606-10-55-296 and 297 for disaggregation of revenue. Accordingly, revenue has been disaggregated according to the nature, amount, timing
and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows. We are providing qualitative and quantitative disclosures. 

Qualitative: 

1. We have four distinct revenue sources: 

 a. Technology Systems (Turnkey, engineered projects); 

 b. AI Technology (Associated maintenance and support services); 

 c. Technical Support (Licensing and professional services related
to auditing of data center assets); and 

 d. Consulting Services (Predetermined algorithms to provide important
operating information to the users of our systems). 

 2. We currently operate in North America including the USA, Mexico and
Canada. 

 3. Our customers include rail transportation, commercial, government, banking
and IT suppliers. 

 4. Our technology systems and equipment projects fall into two types: 

 a. Transfer of goods and services are over time. 

 b. Goods delivered at point in time. 

 5. Our services maintenance contracts are fixed price and fall into
two duration types: 

 a. Turnkey engineered projects and professional service contracts
that are less than one year in duration and are typically one to two quarters in length; and 

 b. Maintenance and support contracts ranging from one to five years
in length. 

Quantitative: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Major Goods and Service Lines 

Turnkey Projects 

Maintenance Support 

Data Center Auditing Services 

Software License 

Algorithms 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred over time 

Services transferred over time 

Quantitative: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Segments 
 Rail 
 Commercial 
 Petrochemical 
 Government 
 Banking 
 IT Suppliers 
 Artificial Intelligence 
 Total 
 
 Primary Geographical Markets 

North America 

Major Goods and Service Lines 

Turnkey Projects 

Maintenance Support 

Data Center Auditing Services 

Software License 

Algorithms 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred over time 

Services transferred over time 

Segment Information 

The Company operates in one reportable segment. 

and , respectively, of deferred compensation relating to individual agreements with the former CEO and sales
staff, which are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet in accrued expenses. (See Note 10) 

square feet, with the lease commencing on November 1, 2021, and ending
April 30, 2032. This new space combines the Company s two separate work locations into one facility, which allows for greater collaboration
and also accommodates a larger anticipated workforce and manufacturing facility. On November 24, 2021, the lease was amended to commence
on December 1, 2021, and end on May 31, 2032. The Company recognized a ROU asset and operating lease liability in the amount of 
at lease commencement. Rent for the first eleven months of the term was calculated based on rentable square feet. The rent is subject
to an annual escalation of 2.5 , beginning November 1, 2023. The Company made a security deposit payment in the amount of on
July 26, 2021. The right of use asset balance at December 31, 2022, net of amortization, was . 

As of December 31, 2022, the office and warehouse
lease is the Company s only lease with a term greater than twelve months. The office and warehouse lease has a remaining term of
approximately 9.5 years and includes an option to extend for two renewal terms of five years each. The renewal options are not reasonably
certain to be exercised, and therefore, they are not included when determining the lease term used to establish the right-of use asset
and lease liability. The Company also has several short-term leases, primarily related to equipment. The Company made an accounting policy
election to not recognize short-term leases with terms of twelve months or less on the consolidated balance sheet and instead recognize
the lease payments in expense as incurred. The Company has also elected to account for real estate leases that contain both lease and
non-lease components (such as common area maintenance) as a single lease component. 

The following table shows supplemental information
related to leases: 

Short-term lease cost 

Other information: 

Operating cash outflow used for operating leases 

Weighted average discount rate 

Weighted average remaining lease term 
 years 
 years 

At December 31, 2022, future minimum lease payments
due under the operating lease are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less: Impact of discounting 

() 
 
 Total present value of operating lease liability 

Current portion 

() 
 
 Operating lease liability, less current portion 

Executive Severance Agreement 

On April 1, 2018, the Company entered into an employment
agreement (the Arcaini Employment Agreement with Gianni B. Arcaini, pursuant to which Mr. Arcaini served as Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. Under the Arcaini Employment Agreement, Mr. Arcaini was paid an annual
salary of and an annual car allowance of . In addition, as incentive-based compensation, Mr. Arcaini was entitled to 
of annual gross revenues of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Arcaini Employment Agreement had an initial term through March 31, 2020,
subject to renewal for successive one-year terms unless either party gave notice of that party s election to not renew to the other
at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The Arcaini Employment Agreement was approved by the Compensation Committee. 

As previously disclosed, on July 10, 2020, the Company
announced that Mr. Arcaini would retire from these positions, effective as of September 1, 2020 (the CEO Transition ). In
order to facilitate a transition of his duties, the Company and Mr. Arcaini entered into a separation agreement which became effective
as of July 10, 2020 (the Separation Agreement ). Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Mr. Arcaini s employment with
the Company ended on September 1, 2020 and he will receive separation payments over a 36-month period equal to his base salary plus 
as well as certain limited health and life insurance benefits. The Separation Agreement also contains confidentiality, non-disparagement
and non-solicitation covenants and a release of claims by Mr. Arcaini who continued to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors of
the Company. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee did not submit Mr. Arcaini for re-election as a director and on November
19, 2020 at the Annual Shareholders meeting a new non-Executive Chairman was appointed. 

In accordance with the Separation Agreement, the Company
will pay to Mr. Arcaini the total sum of . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the status of Mr. Arcaini as a Specified Employee 
as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 409A has the effect of delaying any payments to Mr. Arcaini under the Separation Agreement
for six months after the Separation Date. On March 1, 2021, the Company paid to Mr. Arcaini a lump-sum amount equal to the first six months
of payments, or , owed to Mr. Arcaini and the Company will continue to pay him in semi-monthly installments for 30 months thereafter,
as contemplated in Mr. Arcaini s Separation Agreement. The remaining balance of approximately as of December 31, 2022 is
included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. In addition, the Company will pay one-half of Mr. Arcaini s
current life insurance premiums for 36 months of approximately per month and provide and pay for his health insurance for 36 months
following the Separation Date of approximately 450 per month. Unvested options in the amount of became exercisable and vested
in their entirety on the Separation Date valued at . The Company made payment of his attorneys fees for legal work associated
with the negotiation and drafting of the Separation Agreement of approximately . 

State income taxes 

Non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income tax 

The Company s approximate net deferred tax assets
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Intangible assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The gross operating loss carryforward was
approximately 
and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the net deferred income tax assets
for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize
the loss carryforward and other deferred tax assets. The increase in the valuation allowance was 
in 2022. 

The potential tax benefit arising from the net
operating loss carryforward of 
from the period prior to January 1, 2018, will expire in 2037. The potential tax benefit arising from the net operating loss
carryforward of 
generated after January 1, 2018 can be carried forward indefinitely within the annual usage limitations. 

Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating
loss carryforward to offset future taxable income is subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership or business changes that
may occur in the future. The Company has not conducted a study to determine the limitations on the utilization of these net operating
loss carryforwards. If necessary, the deferred tax assets will be reduced by any carryforward that may not be utilized or expires prior
to utilization as a result of such limitations, with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. 

The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions
or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2021, 2020 and 2019 Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to
Internal Revenue Service examination. 

shares of our Common Stock. The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to assist the Company in attracting and retaining key employees, directors
and consultants and to provide incentives to such individuals to align their interests with those of our shareholders. 

General Description of the 2021 Plan 

The following is a summary of the material provisions
of the 2021 Plan and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the 2021 Plan, which you are encouraged to read
in full. 

Administration 

The 2021 Plan is administered by the Compensation
Committee of the Board, which consists of three members of the Board, each of whom is a non-employee director within the
meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m).
Among other things, the Compensation Committee has complete discretion, subject to the express limits of the 2021 Plan, to determine the
directors, employees and nonemployee consultants to be granted an award, the type of award to be granted, the terms and conditions of
the award, the form of payment to be made and/or the number of shares of Common Stock subject to each award, the exercise price of each
option and base price of each stock appreciation right SAR ), the term of each award, the vesting schedule for an award,
whether to accelerate vesting, the value of the Common Stock underlying the award, and the required withholding, if any. The Compensation
Committee may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding award, provided that the participant s consent to such action is required
if the action would impair the participant s rights or entitlements with respect to that award. The Compensation Committee is also
authorized to construe the award agreements and may prescribe rules relating to the 2021 Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Compensation
Committee does not have any authority to grant or modify an award under the 2021 Plan with terms or conditions that would cause the grant,
vesting or exercise thereof to be considered nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A. 

Grant of Awards; Shares Available for Awards 

The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of stock options,
SARs, performance share awards, performance unit awards, distribution equivalent right awards, restricted stock awards, restricted stock
unit awards and unrestricted stock awards to non-employee directors, officers, employees and nonemployee consultants of the Company or
its affiliates. We have reserved a total of shares of Common Stock for issuance as or under awards to be made under the 2021
Plan. If any award expires, is cancelled, or terminates unexercised or is forfeited, the number of shares subject thereto is again available
for grant under the 2021 Plan. 

Stock Options 

The 2021 Plan provides for either incentive
stock options ISOs ), which are intended to meet the requirements for special federal income tax treatment under
the Code, or nonqualified stock options NQSOs ). On May 12, 2021, the 2021 Plan was approved by shareholders
and adopted by the board of directors. Stock options may be granted on such terms and conditions as the Compensation Committee may determine;
provided, however, that the per share exercise price under a stock option may not be less than the fair market value of a share of the
Company s Common Stock on the date of grant and the term of the stock option may (110 of such value and five
years in the case of an ISO granted to an employee who owns (or is deemed to own) of the Company or a parent or subsidiary of the Company). ISOs may only be granted to employees. In addition,
the aggregate fair market value of our Common Stock covered by one or more ISOs (determined at the time of grant) which are exercisable
for the first time by an employee during any calendar year may not exceed . Any excess is treated as a NQSO. 

Stock Appreciation Rights 

An SAR entitles the participant, upon exercise, to
receive an amount, in cash or stock or a combination thereof, equal to the increase in the fair market value of the underlying Common
Stock between the date of grant and the date of exercise. SARs may be granted in tandem with, or independently of, stock options granted
under the 2021 Plan. An SAR granted in tandem with a stock option (i) is exercisable only at such times, and to the extent, that the related
stock option is exercisable in accordance with the procedure for exercise of the related stock option; (ii) terminates upon termination
or exercise of the related stock option (likewise, the Common Stock option granted in tandem with a SAR terminates upon exercise of the
SAR); (iii) is transferable only with the related stock option; and (iv) if the related stock option is an ISO, may be exercised only
when the value of the stock subject to the stock option exceeds the exercise price of the stock option. An SAR that is not granted in
tandem with a stock option is exercisable at such times as the Compensation Committee may specify. 

Performance Share and Performance Unit Awards 

Performance share and performance unit awards entitle
the participant to receive cash or shares of our Common Stock upon the attainment of specified performance goals. In the case of performance
units, the right to acquire the units is denominated in cash values. 

Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock
Unit Awards 

A restricted stock award is a grant or sale of Common
Stock to the participant, subject to our right to repurchase all or part of the shares at their purchase price (or to require forfeiture
of such shares if issued to the participant at no cost) in the event that conditions specified by the Compensation Committee in the award
are not satisfied prior to the end of the time period during which the shares subject to the award may be repurchased by or forfeited
to us. Our restricted stock unit entitles the participant to receive a cash payment equal to the fair market value of a share of Common
Stock for each restricted stock unit subject to such restricted stock unit award, if the participant satisfies the applicable vesting
requirement. 

Unrestricted Stock Awards 

An unrestricted stock award is a grant or sale of
shares of our Common Stock to the participant that is not subject to transfer, forfeiture or other restrictions, in consideration for
past services rendered to the Company or an affiliate or for other valid consideration. 

Amendment and Termination 

The Compensation Committee may adopt, amend and rescind
rules relating to the administration of the 2021 Plan, and amend, suspend or terminate the 2021 Plan, but no such amendment, rescission,
suspension or termination will be made that materially and adversely impairs the rights of any participant with respect to any award received
thereby under the 2021 Plan without the participant s consent, other than amendments that are necessary to permit the granting of
awards in compliance with applicable laws. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

The following summary of certain terms and provisions
of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by reference to, the terms and provisions set forth in our certificate of designation of preferences, rights, and limitations
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series B Convertible Preferred Certificate of Designation as previously filed.
Subject to the limitations prescribed by our articles of incorporation, our board of directors is authorized to establish the number of
shares constituting each series of preferred stock and to fix the designations, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each
of those series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of each of those series, all without any further vote or action by
our stockholders. Our board of directors has designated of the authorized shares of preferred stock as Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock. The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock is convertible at any time at the holder s option into a number of shares of common stock equal to 
 divided by the conversion price of 
 per share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall not effect any conversion of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, with certain
exceptions, to the extent that, after giving effect to an attempted conversion, the holder of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (together with such holder s affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with such holder or any of such holder s
affiliates) would beneficially own a number of shares of our common stock in excess of 4.99 (or, at the election of the purchaser, 9.99 of the shares of our common stock then outstanding after giving effect to such exercise. Effective November 24, 2017 (the Effective
Date ), the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement and a Registration
Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement which included the issuance of 
 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock worth 
 (including the conversion of liabilities at a price of 
 per Class B Unit). During 2021, 
 Series B shares were converted into 
 common shares. During the third quarter of 2022, 
 shares of Series B Convertible Stock were converted into 
 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there are zero 
 and 
 shares, respectively, of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

On February 26, 2021, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain existing investors in the Company (the Purchasers ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers purchased shares of a newly authorized Series C Convertible Preferred Stock
(the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock ), and the Company received proceeds of .
The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company was
required to hold a meeting of shareholders at the earliest practical date, and such meeting occurred on July 15, 2021. Nasdaq Marketplace
Rule 5635(d) limits the number of shares of common stock (or securities that are convertible into common stock) without shareholder approval
and the terms of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock limit its convertibility to a number of shares less than the 20 limit, until
the Stockholder Approval is obtained. The Company obtained shareholder approval (the Stockholder Approval in order to issue
shares of common stock underlying the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock at a price less than the greater of book or market value which
equal 20 or more of the number of shares of common stock outstanding before the issuance. As described below, the terms of the Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock limited its convertibility to a number of shares less than the 20 limit, until the Stockholder Approval
was obtained. 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company
also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed
with the SEC a registration statement covering the resale by the Purchasers of the shares of common stock into which the shares of Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible. The Company caused the registration statement to be declared effective on June 3, 2021.
The Registration Rights Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations
of the parties. 

The Company s Board of Directors has designated
5,000 shares as the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock has a stated value of
 1,000. The holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, the holders of the common stock and the holders of any other class or
series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
of the Company. Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock had 172 votes (subject to adjustment); provided that in no event may
a holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock be entitled to vote a number of shares in excess of such holder s Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined in the Certificate of Designation and as described below). Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is
convertible, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation) determined by dividing the stated value of such share 1,000) by the conversion price, which is 5.50
(subject to adjustment). The Company shall not effect any conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and a holder shall not
have the right to convert any portion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion
sought by the holder such holder (together with such holder s Attribution Parties (as defined in the Certificate of Designation))
would beneficially own more than 4.99 (or upon election by a holder, 19.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon such conversion (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ).
All holders of the Series C Preferred Stock elected the 19.99 Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

In 2021, 
 Series C shares were converted into 
 common shares. In January 2022, the 
 outstanding shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into 
 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and December 2021, respectively, there were zero 
 and 
 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 

On September 28, 2022 the Company amended its
articles of incorporation to designate 4,000 shares as the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has a stated value of 1,000. The holders of the
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, the holders of the common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares
entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the
Company. Each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has 333 votes (subject to standard anti-dilution adjustment); provided
that in no event may a holder of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock be entitled to vote a number of shares in excess of such
holder s Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Certificate of Designation and as described below). Each share of
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, subject to shareholder approval (which has not yet been granted); at any time
and from time to time, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) determined by dividing the stated value of such share 1,000) by the conversion price, which is 3.00 (subject to
standard anti-dilution). The Company shall not effect any conversion of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and a holder shall not have
the right to convert any portion of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, to the extent that after giving effect to the
conversion sought by the holder such holder (together with such holder s Attribution Parties (as defined in the Certificate of
Designation)) would beneficially own more than 4.99 (or upon election by a holder, 19.99 of the number of shares of common stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon such conversion (the
 Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). All holders of the Series D Preferred Stock have elected the 19.99 Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. The Company shall, subject to shareholder approval, reserve and keep available out of its authorized and
unissued Common Stock, solely for the issuance upon the conversion of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, such a number of
shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be issuable upon the conversion of all of the shares of the Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock then outstanding. Additionally, the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock does not have the right to dividends and in
the event of an involuntary liquidation, the Series D shares shall be treated as a pro rata equivalent of common stock outstanding
at the date of the liquidation event and have no liquidation preference. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain existing investors in the Company (the Purchasers ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers purchased 
 shares of the newly authorized Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock ),
and 
 shares of common stock and the Company received gross proceeds of 
with related to the Series D sale at per share. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties,
agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

On October 29, 2022, the Company sold to an
existing investor in the Company and two other accredited investors in a private placement 
shares of common stock at a price of 
a share and 
shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of 
a share, resulting in gross proceeds of 
to the Company with of the proceeds related to the Series D sale. 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company
also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed
with the SEC a registration statement covering the resale by the Purchasers of the shares of common stock issued pursuant to the Purchase
Agreements and the shares of common stock into which the shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible. The Registration
Rights Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

Common stock issued for Private Placements,
Preferred Stock Conversions, Services and Settlements 

2022 Transactions 

On January 11, 2022, shareholders converted and 
for a total of 2,500 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock collectively with a stated value of 2.5 million owned by two
entities related to each other with a conversion price of 
per common share resulting in the issuance of 129,091 and 325,455 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On February 3, 2022, the Company closed an offering
of shares of common stock in the amount of or per share before certain underwriting fees and offering expenses
with net proceeds of . 

On February 21, 2022, the Company closed on an over-allotment 
offering of shares of common stock in the amount of or per share before certain underwriting fees and offering expenses
with net proceeds of . Both this and the previous offering were takedowns from a previously filed shelf 
registration statement for the offer of up to in the aggregate of common stock, Preferred Stock, Debt Securities, Warrants,
Rights or Units from time to time in one or more offerings. 

On March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock for payment of board fees to four directors in the amount of for services to the board which was expensed during
the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock for payment of board fees to four directors in the amount of for services to the board which was expensed during
the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On August 25, 2022, common shares were issued
upon conversion of shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for payment of board fees to four directors in the amount of ,
or 4.09 per shared based on the daily trading price, for services to the board which was expensed during the three months ended
September 30, 2022. 

On December 30, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock for payment of board fees to four directors in the amount of for services to the board which was expensed during
the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On September 30, 2022, we sold to certain existing
investors in the Company in a private placement shares of common stock at a price of a share and shares of Series D
Preferred Stock at a price of a share, resulting in the gross amount raised of and we accrued estimated offering costs
of as of September 30, 2022. Subsequently, we adjusted the estimated offering costs to the actual amount of . 

On October 29, 2022, we sold to an existing
investor in the Company and two accredited investors in a private placement 
shares of common stock at a price of 
a share and 
shares of Series D Preferred Stock at a price of 
a share, resulting in the gross amount raised of ,
including gross proceeds of 251,001 for common stock and 300,000 for Series D Preferred Stock, and recorded offering costs of
 . 

2021 Transactions 

The Company issued shares of common stock
on August 5, 2021 for payment of accrued board fees to four directors in the amount of for services to the Board. 

The Company issued shares of common stock
on September 30, 2021 for payment of accrued board fees to five directors in the amount of for services to the Board. 

The Company issued shares of common stock
on November 5, 2021 for payment of accrued board fees to four directors in the amount of for services to the Board. 

The Company issued shares of common stock
on December 31, 2021 for payment of accrued board fees to four directors in the amount of for services to the Board. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation expense recognized under
ASC 718-10 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively, for stock options granted to employees
and directors. This expense is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Stock-based
compensation expense recognized during the period is based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately
expected to vest during the period. At December 31, 2022, the total compensation cost for stock options that was not yet recognized was
 . This cost will be recognized over the remaining vesting term of the options of approximately years. 

Treasury Stock 

In August 2016, the Company s Board of
Directors approved a new class of Preferred Stock, Series A . For shareholders who invested in previous private placements,
the Company was offering on a case-by-case basis, the ability to convert the existing amount invested into an equivalent amount in the
Series A on the condition that they invest an equivalent additional amount in the Series A. In December of 2017, the Company redeemed
all of the Series A and continues to hold shares purchased for as a part of the original transaction. In December 2018, the
Company entered into an agreement with two shareholders to purchase shares from them at fair market value. The Company purchased shares
at per shares and shares at per share. In 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with two shareholders to purchase
shares from them at fair market value. The Company purchased shares at per shares and shares at per share. Accordingly,
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company held shares of Company Series A stock at an aggregate value of . 

new stock options and in the third quarter granted a further new stock options both with a strike
price of per share to 16 key employees. These options were awarded as a one-time award as a retention incentive and have a fair
value of for the January 1, 2022 awards and for the July 1, 2022 award and
carry a three-year vesting period. The issuance of these options generated stock option compensation expense in the year in the
amount of and a balance of unamortized stock option compensation expense of , that is being expensed over the following
 years. 

During the second quarter of 2022, three former staff
members forfeited non-qualified stock options. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2022, two employees forfeited 
non-qualified stock options. 

2021 

During the first quarter of 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors granted new stock options with a strike price of per share to its new VP of Product Innovation. These
options were awarded as a one-time award as a hiring incentive and have a fair value of as of January 4, 2021. The issuance of
these options generated stock option compensation expense in that quarter in the amount of and a balance of unamortized stock option
compensation expense of , that is being expensed over the following years. 

During the second quarter of 2021, five former staff
members and one contractor exercised 31,710 and forfeited non-qualified stock options. These transactions were ultimately consummated
in the third quarter. Accordingly, in the third quarter the Company recorded a charge of for the remaining unvested option which
was offset by a credit of 1,270 for an over accrual recorded in the second quarter related to the forfeited options. 

During the third quarter of 2021, the shareholders
approved the issuance of up to one million shares or share equivalents in the form of stock options for the purposes of share issuance
for compensation to Board Members and grants to certain staff members for recruiting and retention. On July 14, 2021, the Company filed
an S-8 registration statement in concert with the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which was deemed effective on August 5, 2021. The plan covers
a period of ten years. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised/Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The fair value of the incentive stock option grants
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were estimated using the following weighted- average assumptions: 

Expected term in years 
 
 - 

Dividend yield 

Volatility of common stock 
 
 - 

Warrants 

2022 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, warrants held by
63 holders representing shares expired. All of the expired warrants can no longer be exercised. 

2021 

During the second quarter of 2021, warrants representing
 shares were exercised by seven holders. All the exercises were cashless exercises with exercise prices of and stock prices
ranging from to resulting in a total of common shares. No new warrants were issued during the third and fourth quarter
of 2021. 

Warrants expired, forfeited, cancelled or exercised 

() 

Warrants issued 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Warrants expired, forfeited, cancelled or exercised 

() 

Warrants issued 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

. 

for January initially, rising to after fully staffed, per month starting February 2019.
This was in addition to the existing contract of per month for Duos for 4 full-time contractors which increased to 8,231 per month
in June of 2019. During 2020 efforts in reducing cost, Luceon reduced its staff for the TrueVue360 software development team from a staff
of 7 to 3 full-time employees at a cost of 11,666 per month starting June 1, 2020. As of January 1, 2021, the Company no longer records
activities in TrueVue360 and has combined billings for a total of per month. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020,
the total amount expensed was and , respectively. The Company had no open accounts payable with Luceon at December 31,
2021. On May 14, 2021, the Company formally ended its relationship with Luceon in concert with the resignation of our Chief Technology
Officer and as such there is no longer a related party relationship. 

shares of common stock for issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan at a strike price
of . The purpose of the additional shares is to serve as a retention tool for staff. 

On November 9, 2022 the board of directors adopted,
subject to shareholder approval, the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP which would become effective as of January 1, 2023.
The ESPP provisions for the issuance of up to common shares for eligible employees to purchase shares during designated offering
periods under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Eligible employees are permitted to purchase shares equivalent of up to
15 of their eligible compensation with offering periods occurring twice per year whereby shares are purchased at 85 of the lower of
the fair market value of common shares on the first trading date of the offering period or on the last trading day of the purchase period. 

On March 27, 2023, as previously disclosed, the Company sold to an existing,
accredited investor in the Company in a private placement 4,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock at a price of 1,000 a share, resulting
in gross proceeds of 4,000,000 to the Company. The issuance of the Series E Preferred Stock was accompanied with a stock purchase agreement
containing certain rights pertaining to the accredited investor and a registration rights agreement. 

The Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an existing investor in the Company (the Purchaser ). 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the
Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
shall file with the SEC a registration statement covering the resale by the Purchasers of the shares of common stock into which the shares
of Series E Preferred Stock are convertible. Subject to certain conditions, the Company must cause the registration statement to be declared
effective by 90 days after closing (or in the event of a full review by the SEC, by 120 days). The Registration Rights Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company is
required to hold a meeting of shareholders at the earliest practical date, but in no event later than 120 days after closing (or 150 days
in the event of a review of the proxy statement by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC )). As described below,
the terms of the Series E Preferred Stock limit its convertibility until the Company receives shareholder approval (the Stockholder
Approval ). If the Company does not obtain the Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, it is required to hold shareholder meetings
every four months until the Stockholder Approval is obtained. 

The Company s Board of Directors
has designated 30,000 shares as the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock has a
stated value of 1,000. The holder of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, the holder of the common stock and the holder of any other
class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
of the Company. Each share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time, at the option of
the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) determined by dividing the stated
value of such share 1,000) by the conversion price, which is 3.00 (subject to standard anti-dilution other than provisions described below in the Purchase
Agreement). The Company shall not effect any conversion
of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, and the holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Series E Convertible
Preferred Stock, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion sought by the holder such holder (together with such holder s
Attribution Parties (as defined in the Certificate of Designation)) would beneficially own more than 4.99 (or upon election by a holder,
19.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock
issuable upon such conversion (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). 

The holder of the Series E Preferred Stock, the
holders of the common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote together
as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Company. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock has 333 votes (subject
to adjustment); provided that in no event may a holder of Series E Preferred Stock be entitled to vote a number of shares in excess of
such holder s Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Certificate of Designation). 

The Purchase Agreement also provides that
the Company will not, with certain exceptions, sell or issue common stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
on or prior to December 31, 2023 that entitles any person to acquire shares of common stock at an effective price per share less than
the then conversion price of the Series E Preferred Stock without the consent of the Purchaser. 

The Registration Rights Agreement contains provisions
for liquidated damages equal to 1 multiplied by the aggregate subscription amount paid, paid each month, in the event certain deadlines
are missed. 

F-34 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 duot_ex23z1.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-268638) and Forms S-8 (Nos. 333-258525 and 333-257897), of Duos Technologies
Group, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023 related to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 which appears in the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Salberg Company, P.A. 

 SALBERG COMPANY, P.A. 

 Boca Raton, Florida 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 duot_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Charles P. Ferry, certify that: 

1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Duos Technologies Group, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly for the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles P. Ferry 

Charles P. Ferry 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 duot_ex31z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Andrew W. Murphy, certify that: 

1. I have
reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Duos Technologies Group, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly for the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew W. Murphy 

Andrew W. Murphy 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 duot_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Duos Technologies
Group, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Charles P. Ferry, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles P. Ferry 

Charles P. Ferry 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 duot_ex32z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Duos Technologies
Group, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Andrew W. Murphy, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew W. Murphy 

Andrew W. Murphy 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 duot-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 duot-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 duot-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 duot-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

