<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1103090_0001548123-23-000056.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3302376</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>697929</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>708840</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>853992</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>862311</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001548123-23-000056.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330185328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001548123-23-000056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001103090
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY APPARATUS & FURNITURE [3821]
		IRS NUMBER:				870642556
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31377
		FILM NUMBER:		23782243

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1270 S 1380 W
		CITY:			OREM
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84058
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-226-4100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1270 S 1380 W
		CITY:			OREM
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84058

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REFLECT SCIENTIFIC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040315

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COLE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000711

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001548123-23-000056.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 rscf-20221231.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: . 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: 0.01 par value common stock. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth company 

1 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s common shares
held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price of such shares as reported on OTC Bulletin Board of the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc.) was approximately million. Shares held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more
of the outstanding common shares have been excluded from the calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant.
This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of March 24, 2023, there were a total of 
common shares of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

A description of Documents Incorporated by Reference is contained
in Part IV, Item 15, of this Annual Report. 

2 

REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 10 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 10 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 10 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 11 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 15 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 15 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 16 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 16 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 17 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 17 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 17 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 19 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 20 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 21 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 21 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 22 

3 

Forward-Looking Statements 

When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the
words or phrases would be, will allow, intends to, will likely result, are
expected to, will continue, is anticipated, estimate, project or similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements specifically include, but are not limited to, our expectations regarding strategic business
initiatives, our intentions to defend our intellectual property rights, continue our research and development, seek regulatory approvals
and plans regarding sales and marketing. 

We caution readers not to place undue reliance on
the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report, are based on certain assumptions and expectations
which may or may not be valid or actually occur and which involve various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to competitive
products and pricing, difficulties in product development, commercialization and technology, changes in the regulation of life science
products, or other necessary approvals to sell future products and other risk described elsewhere herein. If and when sales of our new
product lines commence, sales may not reach the levels anticipated. As a result, our actual results for future periods could differ materially
from those anticipated or projected. All forward-looking statements reflect our present expectation of future events and are subject to
a number of important factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements. 

Unless otherwise required by applicable law, we do
not undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect occurrences, developments,
unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statement. 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

Business Development 

History 

Reflect Scientific, Inc., a Utah corporation (the
 Company, we, our, us and words of similar import), was organized under the laws
of the State of Utah on November 3, 1999, under the name Cole, Inc. On December 30, 2003, we acquired Reflect Scientific,
Inc., a California corporation. We changed our name to Reflect Scientific, Inc. and succeeded to the business operations
of our wholly-owned subsidiary, that involved the manufacture and distribution of unique laboratory consumables and disposables such as
filtration and purification products, customized sample handling vials, electronic wiring assemblies, high temperature silicone, graphite
and vespel/graphite sealing components for use by original equipment manufacturers OEM in the chemical analysis industries,
primarily in the field of gas/liquid chromatography. 

On November 29, 2005, we announced the execution of
a Letter of Intent to acquire Cryomastor Corporation, a California corporation Cryomastor [sometimes called Cryometrix, 
its amended name]). 

Effective as of April 4, 2006, we entered into a Purchase
Agreement (the JMST Agreement with JM SciTech, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of
Colorado, and doing business as JMST Systems JMST David Carver, an individual Carver and Julie Martin,
an individual Martin (JMST, Carver and Martin are sometimes hereinafter referred to collectively as Sellers ).
 Pursuant to the JMST Agreement, we purchased and JMST sold all right, title and interest in and to the JMST Technology (the JMST
Technology ), as described in the JMST Agreement; and Carver conveyed and assigned any rights he had in and to certain patents (the
 Carver Patents and related intellectual assets as described in the JMST Agreement (collectively, including the Carver Patents,
referred to herein as the Carver Technology ). JMST had created a line of chemical detection instruments that are used
in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and homeland security markets. The patented technology allows researchers to accurately analyze chemical
formulations for their composition and identity. 

On June 27, 2006, we completed the acquisition of
Cryomastor pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Cryomastor Merger Agreement ), which became our wholly-owned
subsidiary; changed its name to Cryometrix, Inc. 

4 

and succeeded to its business operations, which involved
the manufacture and sale of ultra-low temperature freezer systems powered by liquid nitrogen for use in bio-repositories associated with
the biotech and pharmaceutical industries, as well as government facilities, universities and many other diverse applications that require
a large number of reliable and energy efficient freezers. 

Our Business 

Impact of the Covid-19 Pandemic 

The recent COVID-19 Pandemic the Pandemic has to date had little negative effect on our business with regard to disruption of normal business activities such as receiving and processing
orders and shipping. Many of the new COVID-19 vaccines and protein-based therapeutics require freezers either in processing or storing
these products. The press surrounding the COVID-19 vaccines has often focused on the dearth of freezers capable of storing
vaccines at an appropriately low temperature. The Company sells ultra low temperature freezers and as a consequence benefited from
the press-generated awareness of the need for these types of freezers. Our pharmaceutical freezer customers develop and manufacture
many vaccines. The Company is not privy to the specific use of its low temperature freezers and can not determine if any increases
in sales or revenue are directly attributable to the Pandemic. 

There is a continued risk of supply chain interruption,
availability of raw materials or other unforeseen issues that can be caused by the ever-changing progression of the Pandemic. In
addition, demand for the Company s products may decrease or fluctuate in the future and current demand for our products may not,
therefore, be indicative of sales and revenue going forward. 

We recognize these risks and are taking every
effort to prevent or mitigate them as they arise. 

Overview 

Reflect Scientific is engaged in the manufacture and
distribution of innovative products targeted at the life science market. Our customers include hospitals, diagnostic laboratories, pharmaceutical
and biotech companies, cold chain management, universities, government and private sector research facilities, chemical and industrial
companies. 

Our goal is to provide our customers with the best
solution for their needs. This philosophy extends into our business strategies and acquisition plans. Through a series of strategic acquisitions,
we acquired technology that has enabled us to expand our line of products to align with, and capitalize on, market needs. Our growing
product portfolio includes ultra-low temperature freezers, blast freezers, solvent chillers and refrigerated transportation in addition
to supplying OEM products to the life sciences industry. 

Our Cryometrix brand ultra-low temperature and blast
freezers innovative design enables our customers to save substantially on energy costs related to cryogenic storage. Ultra-low temperature
freezers are used worldwide for the storage of vaccines, DNA, RNA, proteins and many other biological and chemical substances. There is
a growing need for energy efficient, reliable ultra-low temperature storage units. Our Cryometrix freezers are targeted to this growing
market and we have had tremendous success in blood storage and pharmaceutical manufacturing applications. The application of this
technology for use in refrigerated trailers (commonly called reefers used to transport goods which need to be maintained
in a cold environment significantly broadens the market for this technology. The utilization of this technology in reefers eliminates
the current method of cooling, which uses engines run on hydrocarbon fuels. The Cryometrix technology is pollutant free and is more
efficient and cost effective than the technologies currently used. Reflect Scientific has added a new product line of solvent chillers.
Solvent chillers are used in natural products extraction for optimizing product yield and purity. 

Products 

Reflect Scientific designs, develops and sells scientific
equipment for the life sciences and manufacturing industries. Since Reflect Scientific s inception in 1993, our focus is and has
been on providing value added products, analytic testing supplies and equipment, and stand-alone products for the life sciences and industrial
marketplace. Reflect Scientific s products range from non-mechanical Cyrometrix freezers and value-added products and
components for the life sciences industry to tools and analytical services for industrial manufacturing. 

5 

Our Cryometrix freezers use an entirely different
technology for cooling that requires far less power and has significantly fewer moving parts. Less power consumption and fewer parts
(i.e., less chance for wear or malfunction) translates into an immediate realization of cost savings to the customer. Management
believes that there is no mechanical freezer that can match the temperature uniformity and rapid cooling of our Cryometrix freezer. These
attributes are why these freezers are being sold into the pharmaceutical market they meet customer needs that cannot be fulfilled
by current freezer technology. 

All of Reflect Scientific s products and services
are developed with one key factor in mind: Providing a superior cost/benefit to the customer verses other products in the same market
space. With years of experience in the life science and industrial manufacturing markets, Reflect Scientific has been able to develop
not only unique patentable products, but products that we believe offer a superior value proposition to the customer. 

We have developed a business model with a focus on
excellence in the design and development of products and solutions for life science and industrial manufacturing industries. We
outsource the majority of our manufacturing, allowing us to concentrate our efforts on product innovation across multiple lines and industries.
 Our strength is in developing and providing value added products which we believe offer immediate and verifiable benefits and cost
saving solutions. 

We have found a number of companies that can manufacture
products to our specification, allowing us to focus on our core competencies of development and design, and maintain a flexible corporate
structure capable of taking advantage of new opportunities without the large capital investment required to acquire tooling and manufacturing
equipment. Our focus on development and design expertise, as opposed to manufacturing of products, enables us to innovate along
multiple industry lines and customize our products to meet specific needs in a variety of industrial settings. Our products are
sold in the biotechnology, natural products, pharmaceutical, cold chain management and medical industries, as well as manufacturing industries,
such as automotive. 

Cryometrix Freezers 

Our Cryometrix ultra-low temperature and blast freezers
are, we believe, a technological breakthrough that provides energy savings and other critically important benefits to cryo-storage customers
in the life science related industries. Ultra-low temperature and blast freezers are used in many applications for the storage and
fast freezing protocols of everything from blood to cancer vaccines. These types of freezers are used by hospitals and biotechnology
research facilities. 

The only ultra-low temperature freezers currently
available are produced by a limited number of companies and rely on a mechanical process for cooling. Because of inadequacies in
the mechanical process, we believe there is loss of inventory each year because of the problems related to reliability inherent with mechanical
freezers. 

Our freezers incorporate a disruptive technology.
They are based on a complete divergence from the technology currently used in ultra-low temperature freezers. Through the advantages
of our technology, we believe our freezers solve the current inadequacies and provide immediate cost savings and reliability for our clients.
 Current cryogenic storage equipment falls short of customer expectations in a variety of key performance criteria. 

High
energy usage a growing problem with rising energy costs 

Inflexible temperature range control existing units cannot be easily modified for colder requirements
(colder temperatures are an industry trend) 

 Sample
inventory is at risk in the event of a power failure 

Poor temperature uniformity samples in different areas of the freezer can experience wide variations
in temperatures which is undesirable from a regulatory standpoint. 

 Frost
build-up 

Our Cryometrix ultra low temperature and blast freezer
uses a patented design and technology which is powered by liquid nitrogen. Through the use of a liquid nitrogen powered freezer system
we are able to address the market need for: 

Low
energy requirements 

6 

Flexible
temperature control wide range of usable temperatures 

 Power
failures have little effect - uses passive liquid nitrogen technology rather than electrically powered compressors. 

 Uniform
temperatures throughout freezer more usable storage volume 

 Much
larger storage volume per area of floor space occupied reduced facilities cost 

 Reliable
and essentially maintenance free, further lowering cost of ownership 

 Environmental
issues related to pollution using the current refrigerated trailer reefer technology 

Cryometrix freezers are powered by liquid nitrogen.
 The competition s freezers, including those developed by Thermo Fisher Scientific and Sanyo Corporation, are compressor based,
with hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) refrigerants and electric compressors. This basic technology difference results in the following Cryometrix
advantages: 

The Cryometrix freezer cooling medium is nitrogen, an all-green element that makes up 78 of our atmosphere.
 Many competitors use refrigerants that are harmful to the environment. 

Cryometrix freezers cool extremely fast compared to the competition. One particular Cryometrix freezer
will cool to -80C in eight minutes, an order of magnitude faster than the competition. 

The inherent Cryometrix technology provides a much more uniform temperature throughout the freezer than
competitors compressor-based freezers. 

When power is lost, the competitors freezers immediately fail to operate. Cryometrix freezers,
when placed in manual freezing mode, continue to maintain a cold temperature for days and even weeks. 

Cryometrix freezers are more reliable than the competition. Those well-versed in mean time between
failure analysis calculate potential failures mainly based on the number of moving parts. Compressor-based freezers have many moving
parts and are not as reliable in theory or in practice as Cryometrix freezers, which have almost no moving parts. 

The adaptation of the freezer technology to reefers
for transporting perishable items opens a significant new market. Trailers can easily be retrofitted with the Cryometrix unit, which operates
pollution free, more efficiently, and provides a cost savings compared to the diesel-powered units currently used. The non-polluting
Cryometrix unit provides significant benefits over any other unit currently marketed. 

A new development using a similar liquid nitrogen
cooling technology is the solvent chiller. Solvent chillers are used for providing chilled solvent for extracting a final commercial
product from plant materials. The extraction solvent is rapidly chilled to a temperature that will optimize the extraction purity
and recovery of the final product of interest. Solvent chillers are currently being sold into the CBD extraction market. 

Other Products 

In addition to our Cryometrix freezers, we market
our Visacon OEM products, LCGCVials.com vial products, GCFerules.com OEM GC consumable products, and HPLC Detectors.com UV detector products
into the chromatography market. These are highly technical products and encompass a vast array of sizes, configurations and uses.
 These products represent a stable supplies business but they do not represent a significant growth opportunity for the Company. 

Competition 

The environment for our products and services is intensely
competitive. Although the complexity of the products we produce limits the number of companies we compete with, the companies with competing
technology are generally larger and often subsidiaries or divisions of very large multinational companies. Our competitor s
size and association with large multinational companies gives them advantages over us in the ability to access potential customers. Many
potential customers already purchase products either directly from our competitors or from another subsidiary of these large multinational
companies, creating natural inroads to sales that we do not possess. 

Given our relative size versus our competitors, we
are often required to seek niche markets for our products or focus on selling consumable components to be used by our competitors. We
believe, however, that our technology and experience in the ultra-low freezers space allows us to be competitive in those markets. As
our ultra-low freezer products are new to the marketplace, the products long term commercial acceptance is still unknown. Most of
our products compete against 

7 

multiple competitors, with our refrigeration products
competing primarily against Thermo Fisher Scientific and Sanyo Corporation. Although our Cryometrix freezer products are considered
to be in the ultra-cold freezer market space, we do not believe that they compete directly with freezer products sold by these companies
because our Cryometrix freezers use a completely different technology, liquid nitrogen cooling, to achieve very fast cooling rates and
stable set temperatures. Freezer products sold by Thermo Fisher Scientific and Sanyo Corporation cannot achieve the same rates of
cooling. Our Cryometrix freezers compete with other ultra-cold freezer products based on technical merit their ability to
meet freezing parameters ultra-cold freezer market space, we do not believe that they compete directly with freezer products sold by these
companies because our Cryometrix freezers use a completely different technology, liquid nitrogen cooling, to achieve very fast cooling
rates and stable set temperatures. Freezer products sold by Thermo Fisher Scientific and Sanyo Corporation cannot achieve the same
rates of cooling. For additional disclosure about our Cryometrix products, see the discussion under the subheading Cryometrix
Freezers above. 

The product lines other than our Cryometrix freezers
face competition from many laboratory supply companies, with Thermo Fisher Scientific being by far the largest. We estimate our
market share in this segment to be well under five percent. However, because of the OEM nature of much of our chromatography business,
we sell to several of the large chromatography supply companies. 

Growth Plan 

While we will continuously evaluate acquisitions of
businesses and technologies to grow our revenues in the life science and green technology markets, our primary focus will be the continued
growth of our own product lines through increasing market share and the addition of new innovative products to enhance our current offerings.

We seek to expand the applications for our products
and equipment into additional markets as we develop brand recognition. We hope to be able to obtain market leverage from our existing
products and name recognition as we use our existing offerings and product strengths to position us as a key supplier of cryogenic storage,
blast freezing and cold chain management solutions. This strategic plan will also enable us to further diversify our customer base. 

Manufacturing, Supplies, and Quality Control 

Many of our products are manufactured by strategic
selection of third-party manufacturers. By outsourcing our manufacturing, we are able to reduce the overall cost position of our products.
 We manufacture our lower volume products that are less labor and parts intensive in our facility in Orem, Utah. 

In addition, we engage in light manufacturing (assembly,
filling and repackaging) for many of our chromatography supplies. We also do the final assembly and design for our Cryometrix brand
freezers. The freezer shells, doors, shelving, heat exchangers and electronics are produced by contracted vendors. We sell
directly to OEM customers and end users. 

Regulation and Environmental Compliance 

Presently, none of our products are in highly regulated
industries. 

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials and Names
of Principal Suppliers 

Sources and availability of key materials and intermediates
continue to remain stable. Where supply is considered a critical success factor for our business, we have certified primary vendors in
place and have identified secondary vendors. 

Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers 

We have four major customers who represented 51
percent and 45 percent of our sales volume in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In our 2022 fiscal year, these customers represented
15 percent; 13 percent; 13 percent; and 11 percent of our revenues, respectively. 

8 

The Company has strong relationships with each of
its customers and does not believe this concentration poses a significant risk due to those long-term relationships and the uniqueness
of the products they purchase from us. 

Our customers purchase our products via purchase orders
describing the quantity and price of the products being purchased in a given transaction. By way of example, our largest customer
purchases products through the use of more than 60 purchase orders per year. 

Need for any Governmental Approval of Principal
Products or Services 

No products presently being manufactured or sold by
us are subject to prior governmental approvals. 

Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations
on the Business 

Our Registration Statement on Form 10, as
amended, was initially filed on March 30, 2021, which became effective 60 days after filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, at which point our securities were registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. Issuers with securities
registered under Section 12(g) are subject to numerous regulatory requirements under the Exchange Act. For example, we will be
subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Act creates a strong and independent accounting oversight board to oversee the
conduct of auditors of public companies and strengthens auditor independence. It also requires steps to enhance the direct
responsibility of senior members of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures made by public
companies; establishes clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts of interest affecting
securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee members appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of public
companies auditors; prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; and establishes a federal crime
of securities fraud, among other provisions. 

Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act requires all companies
with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to stockholders of our Company at
a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require our Company to provide our stockholders with the information
outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the Securities and Exchange
Commission at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to our stockholders. 

Upon effectiveness of our Registration Statement on
Form 10, as amended, we will also be required to file annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the Securities
Exchange Commission on a regular basis, and will be required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control;
acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; changes in executive officers
and directors; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises, Concessions,
Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts, including Duration 

We regard intellectual property IP as a strategic asset that allows us to maintain a highly competitive position in the market. All patents and trademarks relating
to acquired technologies have been assigned to us. Where appropriate, we seek patent protection for inventions and developments
made by our personnel and incorporated into our products or otherwise falling within our fields of interest. We protect some of
our technology as proprietary trade secrets and, where appropriate, we use trademarks or registered trademarks used in connection with
our products. 

There are currently 32 patents assigned to Reflect
Scientific, Inc. All of our patents cover our Cryometrix product line of nitrogen-based equipment for processing, storage and transportation
of bio-pharma products. All patents are utility patents within the jurisdiction of the United States, with expiration dates ranging
from December 2023, to December 2041. We have a strong commitment to maintaining our IP portfolio and pursuing additional IP to expand
our product protection. 

9 

Research and Development Costs During the Last
Two Fiscal Years 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we expended
 73,425 for research and development. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we expended 58,340 for research and development.
 The majority of the research and development on our products is performed by independent contractors who have been enhancing technologies,
primarily on the reefer unit and the detectors. We expect research and development cost to increase in the future with the development
work required to update and make improvements on our Cryometrix freezers. 

Employees 

As of March 24, 2023, subsequent to the balance
sheet date, we had 7 full-time and 2 part-time employees. None of our employees are represented under a collective bargaining
agreement. We believe our relations with our employees to be good. 

Reports to Security Holders 

You may read and copy any materials that we file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commissions Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may also find all of the reports that we have filed electronically with the Securities and
Exchange Commission at their Internet site www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not applicable for Registrant. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. Not applicable. 

Item 2. Description of Property 

Reflect Scientific conducts all of its business operations
from one facility, located in Orem, UT. This is a combination warehouse, manufacturing and office facility with 6,000 square feet of space;
we lease this facility at 4,999 per month to the end of the lease term on November 30, 2023. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related
Stockholder Matters and Registrant Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Since July 6, 2005, our common stock has been listed
under the symbol RSCF on the OTCBB. Prior to July 6, 2005, our stock traded under the symbol COLH since its
initial listing on May 24, 2001. 

As of March 24, 2023, there were 85,214,086 shares
of our common stock outstanding. On March 24, 2023, the high and low bid price for our common stock was 0.0717 and 0.07, respectively. 

10 

Holders 

The number of record holders of our common stock as
of March 24, 2022, was approximately 107 this number does not include an indeterminate number of stockholders whose shares may be held
by brokers in street name. 

Dividends 

We have not declared any cash dividends with respect
to our common stock, and do not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy cannot be ascertained
with any certainty. There are no material restrictions limiting, or that are likely to limit, our ability to pay dividends on our securities. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

- 

- 

None 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

None 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 None 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities 

There were no proceeds received during the calendar
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, from the sale of registered securities. 

Issuance of Equity Securities by Us 

In December 2021, the board approved the issuance
of 1,000,000 shares of restricted stock to its patent attorney, 250,000 shares to vest on the grant date with an additional 250,000 shares
to vest on each of the next three anniversary dates. In December 2022, this issuance was modified from 1,000,000 shares of restricted
stock to 925,000 shares of restricted stock. As of December 31, 2022, 475,000 shares have vested with an additional 225,000 shares to
vest on each of the next two anniversary dates as a result of this modification. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

We are not required to provide information under this
item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis or Plan of Operation 

This periodic report contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the Plan of Operations provided
below, including information regarding the Company s financial condition, results of operations, business strategies, operating
efficiencies or synergies, competitive positions, growth opportunities, and the plans and objectives of management. The statements made
as part of the Plan of Operations that are not historical facts are hereby identified as "forward-looking statements." 

11 

The following discussion and analysis provides information
which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. The discussion
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in this report as Part II, Item 8. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Reflect Scientific s accounting policies are
more fully described in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. As discussed in Note 2, the preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions about the future events that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and
the accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

Overview 

Reflect Scientific is engaged in the manufacture and
distribution of innovative products targeted at the life science market. Our customers include hospitals, diagnostic laboratories, pharmaceutical
and biotech companies, cold chain management, universities, government and private sector research facilities, chemical and industrial
companies. 

Our goal is to provide our customers with the best
solution for their needs. This philosophy extends into our business strategies and acquisition plans. Through a series of strategic acquisitions,
we acquired technology that has enabled us to expand our line of products to align with, and capitalize on, market needs. Our growing
product portfolio includes ultra-low temperature freezers, blast freezers, solvent chillers and refrigerated transportation in addition
to supplying OEM products to the life sciences industry. 

Our Cryometrix brand ultra-low temperature and blast
freezers innovative design enables our customers to save substantially on energy costs related to cryogenic storage. Ultra-low temperature
freezers are used worldwide for the storage of vaccines, DNA, RNA, proteins and many other biological and chemical substances. There is
a growing need for energy efficient, reliable ultra-low temperature storage units. Our Cryometrix freezers are targeted to this growing
market and we have had tremendous success in blood storage and pharmaceutical manufacturing applications. The application of this technology
for use in refrigerated trailers (commonly called reefers used to transport goods which need to be maintained in a cold
environment significantly broadens the market for this technology. The utilization of this technology in reefers eliminates the current
method of cooling, which uses engines run on hydrocarbon fuels. The Cryometrix technology is pollutant free and is more efficient and
cost effective than the technologies currently used. Reflect Scientific has added a new product line of solvent chillers. Solvent chillers
are used in natural products extraction for optimizing product yield and purity. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 revenue decreased
by 27.5 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The revenue decline resulted from a decrease in sales of our chillers and freezers,
as well as supply chain delays with manufactures. 

Impact of Coronavirus Pandemic 

In December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease, or
COVID-19, was initially reported and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. COVID-19 has
had a widespread and detrimental effect on the global economy as a result of the continued increase in the number of cases and affected
countries and actions by public health and governmental authorities, businesses, other organizations, and individuals to address the outbreak,
including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place, stay at home or total lock-down orders and business limitations
and shutdowns. 

Despite recent developments of vaccines, the duration
and severity of COVID-19, mutations and possible additional mutations and the degree of their impact on our business is uncertain and
difficult to predict. The continued spread of the outbreak could result in one or more of the following conditions that could have a material
adverse impact on our 

12 

business operations and financial condition: delays
or difficulty sourcing certain products and raw materials; increased costs for such products and raw materials; and loss of productivity
due to employee absences. 

Our efforts to help mitigate the negative impact of
the outbreak on our business may not be effective, and we may be affected by a protracted economic downturn. Furthermore, while many governmental
authorities around the world have and continue to enact legislation to address the impact of COVID-19, including measures intended to
mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus, we may not benefit from such legislation, or such legislation
may prove to be ineffective in addressing COVID-19 s impact on our and our customer s businesses and operations. Even after
the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts to our business as a result of COVID-19 s global economic
impact and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Further, as the COVID-19 situation is unprecedented and continuously
evolving, COVID-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or in a manner that
we currently do not consider that may present significant risks to our operations. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact
our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted as of the date of this report. Nevertheless,
the pandemic and the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in the global supply chain and
other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

There is a continued risk of supply chain interruption,
availability of raw materials or other unforeseen issues that can be caused by the ever-changing progression of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 In addition, demand for the Company s products may decrease or fluctuate in the future and current demand for our products
may not, therefore, be indicative of sales and revenue going forward. 

We recognize these risks and are taking every effort
to prevent or mitigate them as they arise. The Company has been proactive in making those business decisions which it believes will enable
it to carry out its business plan. Significant cost reduction measures have been implemented, unprofitable subsidiaries divested,
facilities consolidated and personnel reductions made. 

Contractual Obligations 

The Company leases office/warehouse space in Utah.
The following summarizes future minimum lease payments under the operating lease at December 31, 2022: 

Minimum Lease Payments 
 
 Year Ending December 31, 

Building 
 
 2023 

58,920 

13 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth key components of our
results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, both in dollars and as a percentage of our revenues. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

of 
 Revenues 

Amount 

of 
 Revenues 

Revenues 

2,041,297 

100.0 

2,814,670 

100.0 

Cost of goods sold 

822,147 

40.3 

884,066 

31.4 

Gross profit 

1,219,150 

59.7 

1,930,604 

68.6 

Operating expenses 

Salaries and wages 

636,038 

31.2 

608,065 

21.6 

General and administrative 

419,589 

20.6 

436,399 

15.5 

Research and development 

73,425 

3.6 

58,340 

2.1 

Total operating expenses 

1,129,052 

55.3 

1,102,804 

39.2 

Income from operations 

90,098 

4.4 

827,800 

29.4 

Other income 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

- 

- 

111,265 

4.0 

Net income before income taxes 

90,098 

4.4 

939,065 

33.4 

Income tax expense 

(702) 

(0.0) 

- 

- 

Net income 

89,396 

4.4 

939,065 

33.4 

Revenues . Revenues decreased by 773,373, or
27.5 , to 2,041,297 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2,814,670 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease
was primarily due to a significant decrease in freezer and chiller sales during the third quarter and ongoing supply chain delays with
manufactures. 

Cost of goods sold . Cost of goods sold
decreased by 61,919, or 7.0 , to 822,147 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 884,066 for the year ended December
31, 2021. Such decrease was primarily due to decreased freezer and chillers sales, offset by increased product and shipping
costs. 

Gross profit . Our gross profit as a percentage
of sales decreased to 59.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 68.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease
in gross profit percentage was primarily due to the decrease in freezer and chiller sales, and increased product and shipping costs. 

Salaries and wages . Salaries and wages
increased by 27,973, or 4.6 , to 636,038 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 608,065 for the year ended December
31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to increased headcount as well as stock-based compensation relating to legal fees. 

General and administrative . General and
administrative expenses decreased by 16,810, or 3.9 , to 419,589 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 436,399 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease is a result of decreased revenues and operations, the cumulative result of small
savings in numerous expenses, offset by increased advertising and marketing costs. 

14 

Research and development . Research and
development expenses increased by 15,085, or 25.9 , to 73,425 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 58,340 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase is a result of continued enhancements to the ultra-cold CBD oil chiller during the
period. 

Other income . Other income was 0 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 111,265 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a result of forgiveness of our PPP loans. 

Net income . As a result of the cumulative
effect of the factors described above, our net income was 89,396 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 939,065 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. Management continues to look for opportunities to increase sales, improve gross margins and
control ongoing operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our current assets
exceeded current liabilities by 2,179,237 and 2,063,516, respectively, and we had cash and cash equivalents of 1,381,927 and 1,473,924,
respectively. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through revenue generated from operations, cash proceeds from financing
activities, borrowings, and equity contributions by our shareholders. 

Summary of Cash Flow 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flow for the period indicated: 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(91,997) 

831,382 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

- 

- 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

- 

- 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

(91,997) 

831,382 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

1,473,924 

642,542 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

1,381,927 

1,473,924 

Net cash used in operating activities was 91,997
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 831,382 for the year ended December
31, 2021. Significant factors affecting operating cash flows was primarily a result of decreased customer deposits and decreased net income
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We continue working to enhance our on-line ordering
system to increase sales, develop the market for our ultra-low temperature freezers, work with current vendors to obtain more favorable
pricing, and locate new vendors to provide opportunities to further reduce our cost of goods. 

We will continue to focus our efforts on our core
business activities while pursuing capital resources and evaluating potential future acquisitions which fit within and enhance our core
business. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None noted. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not applicable to
Registrant. 

Item 8. Financial Statements 

The financial statements of the Company are set forth
immediately following the signature page to this Form 10-K. 

15 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief/Principal
Financial Officer, of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified periods and is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our President and Principal Financial Officer, to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure of material information required to be included in our periodic Securities and Exchange Commission reports. Our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective due to the material weakness in the
Company s internal control. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Management s Annual
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. 

Our management, with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation,
our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the lack
of segregation of duties inherent in a small company. 

Inherent Limitations over
Internal Controls 

Internal control over financial
reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations, including
the possibility of human error and circumvention by collusion or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control
system may not prevent or detect material misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

We have made no change in our internal control over
financial reporting during the last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management s report in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

16 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None; not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

None; not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters
and Control Persons; Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Identification of Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the names of all of
our current directors and executive officers. These persons will serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their
successors are elected or appointed and qualified, or their prior resignation or termination. 

Name 
 Positions Held 
 Date of Election or Designation 
 Date of Termination or Resignation 
 
 Kim Boyce 
 President 

Director 
 12/2003 

Tom Tait 
 Vice President, 

Secretary and Director 
 01/2005 

William G. Moon 
 Director 
 04/2011 

These persons presently serve in the capacities
indicated. 

Business Experience 

Kim Boyce - CEO, Director 

 Mr. Boyce, 69,founded Reflect Scientific in 1993 and
has over 40 years of experience in manufacturing, sales, distribution and management. His prior experience includes executive roles with
Grace/Alltech Scientific, where he served as manager distribution and sales and manager plant operations. He also co-founded
Labtech Scientific Products in Northern California, a distribution company specializing in equipment for use in life science and environmental
related industries. He has an accomplished track record in strategic business development in a variety of markets, including the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology sectors and cold chain management. Mr. Boyce received his technical training at DeAnza College in Cupertino, CA and
his business training at San Jose State University. 

Thomas Tait - Vice President, Secretary, Director 

 Mr. Tait, 68, serves as Vice President. Mr. Tait brings
experience with accelerated product development, lean process management tools, strategic market analysis, and acquisition
integration. Mr. Tait joined us from Danaher Company where he was a Business Manager over a 120 million in sales product line. Prior
assignments have included General Manager of Hyper Quan Inc., Product Manager J W Scientific and Project Manager Varian Inc. He also
co-founded Chira Tech Inc, a high technology Company that was sold to Thermo Electron Corporation. Mr. Tait holds an MBA in Technology
Management from the University of Phoenix and a BS in Chemistry from Clarkson University. He also holds patents in Optics and MEMS technologies. 

William G. Moon, Director 

 Mr. Moon, 74, has over 30 years experience in startup
and engineering related companies. His leadership experience includes assisting in the formation of what became the world s largest
disk drive company, Quantum Corporation, with over 10,000 employees. He was Principal Engineer and Vice President of Engineering for over
twenty years, during which time he co-designed numerous standard-setting disk drives. During that time, he was a co-founder of a wholly 

17 

owned Quantum subsidiary, Plus Development, and was
key in the invention of the Hardcard, the first hard drive on a plug-in card. He helped create a partnership with Panasonic for the world s
first totally automated disk drive assembly plant in Japan, producing over 100 million disk drives. Prior to that, Mr. Moon designed memory
products at Hewlett Packard Labs in their Disk Memory Division. Over the past five years Mr. Moon has served as technical advisor to several
companies and has sat on several boards. 

We believe that, based on education and experience
all of our directors are qualified to serve. 

Significant Employees 

There are no employees who are not executive officers
who are expected to make a significant contribution to our Company s business. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between our officers
and directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past five years, no director, person nominated
to become a director, executive officer, promoter or control person of our Company: 

(1) was a general partner or executive officer of
any business against which any bankruptcy petition was filed, either at the time of the bankruptcy or two years prior to that time; 

(2) was convicted in a criminal proceeding or named
subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

(3) was subject to any order, judgment or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 

(4) was found by a court of competent jurisdiction
(in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or
state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our
executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock, file initial reports of stock ownership
and reports of changes in stock ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 owners
are required by applicable regulations to furnish our Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. 

Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms
furnished to us or written representations from certain persons, we believe that during our calendar year ended December 31, 2022, all
filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and 10 stockholders were met by such persons. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all
of our directors and executive officers serving in any capacity for our Company, including our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions, which Code of Ethics was attached
to our Form 10-K annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2003. See Part IV, Item 15. 

18 

Nominating Committee 

We have not established a Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee because we believe that the three members currently comprising our Board of Directors are able to effectively manage
the issues normally considered by a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Audit Committee 

Due to the size and status of our Company we have
no Audit Committee, and are not required to have an audit committee. We do not believe the lack of an Audit Committee will have any adverse
effect on our financial statements, based upon our current operations. We will assess whether an audit committee may be necessary in the
future. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth the aggregate compensation
paid by us for services rendered during the periods indicated: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Option Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
 Compensation( 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 ) 

All Other Compensation 

Total 
 Earnings 
 ) 

Kim Boyce CEO Director 
 
 12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/20 
 
 106,459 
 102,200 
 102,200 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 106,459 
 102,200 
 102,200 

Tom Tait VP Director 
 
 12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/20 
 
 15,000 
 14,440 
 15,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 15,000 
 14,440 
 15,000 

William Moon 
 VP and Director 
 
 12/31/22 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/20 
 
 76,000 
 38,500 
 38,500 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 76,000 
 38,500 
 38,500 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

As of December 31, 2022, there are no outstanding
equity awards. 

Compensation of Directors 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

19 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

The following table sets forth, as of March 24, 2023,
the names, addresses and number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by all persons known to the management of Reflect Scientific
to be beneficial owners of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock, and the names and number of shares beneficially owned
by all directors of Reflect Scientific and all executive officers and directors of Reflect Scientific as a group (except as indicated,
each beneficial owner listed exercises sole voting power and sole dispositive power over the shares beneficially owned). 

For purposes of this table, information as to the
beneficial ownership of shares of common stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
includes general voting power and/or investment power with respect to securities. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares of our common
stock are beneficially owned, and sole investment and voting power is held, by the person named. For purposes of this table, a person
or group of persons is deemed to have "beneficial ownership" of any shares of common stock, which such person has the right
to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof. The inclusion herein of such shares listed beneficially owned does not constitute an
admission of beneficial ownership. 

All percentages are calculated based upon a total
number of 85,214,086 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023, plus, in the case of the individual or entity for which
the calculation is made, that number of options or warrants owned by such individual or entity that are currently exercisable or exercisable
within 60 days. 

Amount and Nature of 
 
 Percentage of Outstanding 
 
 Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Beneficial Owner 
 
 Common stock 

Principal Shareholders 

Common Stock 
 
 Kim Boyce 
 1266 South 1380 West 
 Orem, Utah 84058 
 
 43,637,250 
 
 51.2 

Officers and Directors 

Common Stock 
 Kim Boyce 
 
 43,637,250 
 
 51.2 
 
 Common Stock 
 Tom Tait 
 
 900,000 
 
 1.06 
 
 Common Stock 
 William Moon. 
 
 1,100,000 
 
 1.29 

All directors and executive officers of the Company as a group (Five individuals) 
 
 45,637,250 
 
 53.56 

Changes in Control 

There are no current or planned transactions that
would or are expected to result in a change of control of our Company. 

20 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of Securities to 
 be issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available 
 for future issuance under equity compensation plans excluding securities
 reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation 
 plans approved by 
 security holders 
 - 
 - 
 None 

Equity compensation 
 Plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 None 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 None 

The 2007 Equity Inventive Plan as amended on December
31, 2009, authorized the Company to issue 12,000,000 shares of stock options and restricted stock under an equity plan. The plan had an
expiration date of December 31, 2019. No stock or option awards were outstanding at the time the plan expired. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions 

Transactions with Related Persons 

In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no related party transactions. 

Parents of the Issuer 

None; however Kim Boyce, our President and a director,
may be deemed to be our Parent by virtue of his substantial shareholdings in our Company. 

Transactions with Promoters and Control Persons 

There were no material transactions, or series of
similar transactions, during our Company s last five fiscal years, or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar
transactions, to which we or any of our subsidiaries was or is to be a party and in which any promoter or founder of ours or any member
of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had an interest. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of the fees billed to us
by our principal accountants during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Fee Category 

2022 

2021 
 
 Audit Fees 

53,000 

57,000 
 
 Audit-related Fees 

- 

1,500 
 
 Tax Fees 

2,350 

2,100 
 
 All Other Fees 

- 

- 
 
 Total Fees 

55,350 

60,600 

Audit Fees - Consists of fees for professional services
rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included
in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements. 

Audit-related Fees - Consists of fees for assurance
and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably 

21 

related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit fees. 

Tax Fees - Consists of fees for professional services
rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees - Consists of fees for products and
services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under Audit fees, Audit-related
fees, and Tax fees above. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

We do not have an Audit Committee; therefore, there
is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However, we do require approval in advance of the performance of professional services to
be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally, all services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant
to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant. 

The Board of Directors has received from our auditors
the matters required to be discussed by PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 16 (Communications with Audit Committees). 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 Title of Document 
 Location if other than attached hereto 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 10-SB Registration Statement 
 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 10-SB Registration Statement 
 
 3.3 
 By-Laws 
 10-SB Registration Statement 
 
 3.4 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 8-K Current Report dated December 31, 2003 
 
 3.5 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 8-K Current Report dated December 31, 2003 
 
 3.6 
 Articles of Amendment 
 September 30, 2004 10-QSB Quarterly Report 
 
 3.7 
 By-Laws Amendment 
 September 30, 2004 10-QSB Quarterly Report 
 
 4.1 
 Debenture 
 8-K Current Report dated June 29, 2008 
 
 4.2 
 Form of Purchasers Warrant 
 8-K Current Report dated June 29, 2008 
 
 4.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 8-K Current Report dated June 29, 2008 
 
 4.4 
 Form of Placement Agreement 
 8-K Current Report dated June 29, 2008 
 
 10.1 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 8-K Current Report dated June 29, 2008 
 
 10.2 
 Placement Agent Agreement 
 8-K Current Report dated June 29, 2008 
 
 10.3 
 JMST Purchase Agreement 
 8-k Current Report dated April 4, 2006 
 
 10.4 
 Cryomastor Merger Agreement 
 8-K Current Report dated April 19, 2006 
 
 10.5 
 Image Labs Merger Agreement 
 8-K Current Report dated November 15, 2006 
 
 10.6 
 All Temp Merger Agreement 
 8-K Current Report dated November 17, 2006 

Debenture Settlement 
 8-K Current Report dated August 17, 2010 
 
 14 
 Code of Ethics 
 December 31, 2003 10-K Annual Report 
 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 December 31, 2006 10-K Annual Report 
 
 31.1 
 302 Certification of Kim Boyce 
 This Filing 
 
 31.2 
 302 Certification of Kim Boyce 
 This Filing 
 
 32 
 906 Certifications 
 This Filing 

Previously filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission in the form indicated and incorporated by reference 

22 

Additional Exhibits Incorporated by Reference 

Reflect California Reorganization 
 8-K Current Report dated December 31, 2003 

JMST Acquisition 
 8-K Current Report dated April 4, 2006 

Cryomastor Reorganization 
 8-K Current Report dated June 27, 2006 

Image Labs Merger Agreement Signing 
 8-K Current Report dated November 15, 2006 

All Temp Merger Agreement Signing 
 8-K Current Report dated November 17, 2006 

All Temp Merger Agreement Closing 
 8-KA Current Report dated November 17, 2006 

Image Labs Merger Agreement Closing 
 8-KA Current Report dated November 15, 2006 

Debenture Placement 
 8-K Current Reported dated June 29, 2007 
 
 Previously filed and incorporated
by reference. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act, the Company caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC. 

Date: 
 03/30/2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/Kim Boyce 

Kim Boyce, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: 
 03/30/2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/Kim Boyce 

Kim Boyce, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act, this
Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC. 

Date: 
 03/30/2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/Kim Boyce 

Kim Boyce, CEO and Director 

Date: 
 03/30/2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/Tom Tait 

Tom Tait, Vice President and Director 

Date: 
 03/30/2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/William Moon 

William Moon, Director 

24 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 26 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 27 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 28 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 29 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 30 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 31 

25 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Reflect
Scientific, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Reflect Scientific, Inc. and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

March 30, 2023 

26 

REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 

December 
 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Other long-term assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

- 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

-

-

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

27 

REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses 

Salaries and wages 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total Operating Expenses 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

Other Income 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

-

Total Other Income 

-

NET INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

() 

-

NET INCOME 

Earnings per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

28 

REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Common Shares 

Additional 
 Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

-

-

Common stock issued in vesting of RSUs 

() 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

-

-

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

-

-

Common stock issued in vesting of RSUs 

() 

-

-

Net income 

- 

-

-

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

29 

REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

-

() 
 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

() 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Customer deposits 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

-

-

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

-

-

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Beginning of the period 

End of the period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 

-

-

Cash paid for income taxes 

-

-

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Common stock issued in vesting of RSUs 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

30 

REFLECT SCIENTIFIC, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

31 

of the value of the contract is paid by the customer prior to work beginning on manufacturing the freezer.
Upon completion of manufacturing and testing the customer will then sign an acceptance of the unit and make payment of the remaining balance
on the contract, at which title passes to the customer. The units are FOB ship point. The customer may either arrange to transport the
unit with a carrier he uses or ask the Company to arrange such shipment, the charges of which are the responsibility of the customer.
A customer may, after accepting the unit, request that it be upgraded with additional hardware or software options. Those options are
installed under a new contract, with the deposit and final payment requirements being the same as on the original order. 

and , respectively, of contract liabilities related to these customer deposits and no contract assets. 

32 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

to , except for computer equipment, which is depreciated over a -year life. 

at December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

33 

34 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. 

35 

OEM and other 

Total Revenues 

OEM and other 

Total Revenues 

and are
included in OEM and other revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Raw materials 

Total inventories 

Less reserve for obsolescence 

() 

() 
 
 Total inventories, net 

36 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Lease liabilities, long-term 

-

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (months) 

Weighted average discount rate 

Variable lease expense 

Total lease expense 

Less: imputed interest 

() 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 

Credit cards payable 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

FDIC insurance limit per depositor per banking institution. There were and on deposit that
exceeded the FDIC limit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in these accounts and
believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk with respect to its cash balances. 

37 

secured by its inventory and accounts receivable bearing a variable interest rate, which was as of the balance sheet
date, and automatically renews so long as the Company is in compliance with the loan covenants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
was drawn against that line of credit, leaving an available balance of . The line automatically renews on April 1 of each
year and the credit amount was available at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and of total sales revenue for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounts receivable balances from these customers represent and , respectively,
of the total receivables. The Company has strong relationships with each of these customers and does not believe this concentration poses
a significant risk due to those long-term relationships and uniqueness of the products they purchase from the Company. We have identified
primary and secondary sources for each of the products we purchase for resale and for the raw materials we use to manufacture our products,
so do not anticipate any difficulty in filling the orders placed by our customers. 

shares of preferred stock. Of this total, shares have been designated as Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock . The following is a description of the rights of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock: 

percent per year of the liquidation preference of per share, payable annually,
if and when declared by the board of directors. Dividends are not cumulative, and the board of directors is under no obligation to declare
dividends. 

plus any unpaid dividends by of the five day average closing
bid price of the common shares. 

common shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and common shares
issued and outstanding, respectively. 

shares of restricted common stock to its patent attorney. The restricted stock vest over , with shares vesting immediately
on the grant date and shares vesting on the next three anniversary dates. In December 2022, this issuance was modified from 
shares of restricted common stock to shares of restricted common stock. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company measured the incremental
fair value, as the difference between the estimated fair value immediately after the modification as compared to the estimated fair value
immediately before the modification, noting no increase in the incremental value. As of December 31, 2022, shares have vested
with an additional shares to vest on each of the next two anniversary dates as a result of this modification. 

38 

Vested 

() 

() 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

-

-

Modified 

() 

() 
 
 Vested 

() 

() 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

was
recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and is expected to be recognized over years. 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Effect on dilutive stock awards 

Total potential shares outstanding 

Diluted earnings per share 

-

Deferred Federal and State 

-

-

Total (benefit) provision for income taxes 

-

39 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Other 

() 

() 
 
 Valuation Allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Total net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 

-

-

to pretax income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, consisted of the following: 

Meals and entertainment 

Charitable contributions 

-

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Other 

-

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

() 
 
 Total (benefit) provision for income taxes 

-

that may be available to reduce future years taxable income indefinitely. 

40 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF KIM BOYCE

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Kim Boyce certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Reflect Scientific, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: 3/30/2023 Signature:/s/Kim Boyce 

 Kim Boyce 

 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF KIM BOYCE

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Kim Boyce, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Reflect Scientific, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: 3/30/2023 Signature:/s/Kim Boyce 

 Kim Boyce 

 Principal Financial Officer and CFO 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Reflect Scientific, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
We, Kim Boyce, our Chief Executive Officer and director and Kim Boyce, our Chief/Principal Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 3/30/2023 /s/Kim Boyce 

 Kim Boyce 

 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Dated: 3/30/2023 /s/Kim Boyce 

 Kim Boyce 

 Principal Financial Officer and CFO 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rscf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rscf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rscf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rscf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 rscf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

