<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1859807_0001213900-23-017591.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4962131</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>394892</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>951115</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1157675</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1217326</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1119986</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-017591.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303215907
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-017591
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NorthView Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859807
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				863437271
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41177
		FILM NUMBER:		23707376

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207 WEST 25TH ST, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-494-9022

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		207 WEST 25TH ST, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-017591.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_northviewacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 

For
the transition period from to

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code and Registrant s Telephone Number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered Rights, each right convertible into one-tenth of one share of common stock NVACR The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share NVACW The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods as the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one) 

Large accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Accelerated filer Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No

The
aggregate market value of the Company s common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price for the
common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market was . 

As of March 2, 2023, shares of Company
common stock, par value 0.0001 were issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 36 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 37 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 
 Item 9. 
 Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 41 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 49 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 50 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 51 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 52 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 53 
 
 Signatures 
 54 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

combination period means the period following the completion
of our initial public offering at the end of which, if we have not completed our initial business combination, we will redeem 100 of
the public shares at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and certain conditions and as further described
herein. The combination period ends 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering, which occurred December 22, 2021 (or up
to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). On
March 10, 2023, we will be holding a meeting to seek extension of the combination period until December 22, 2023; 

Dawson
James are to Dawson James Securities, Inc.; 

founder
shares are to shares of our common stock purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering; 

I-Bankers 
are to I-Bankers Securities, Inc.; 

initial
stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management 
or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

private
placement warrants are to the warrants issued in a private placement to our sponsor, I-Bankers, and Dawson James simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public
shares are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our
initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and
member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working
capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not our initial stockholders or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees)
following the consummation of our initial business combination; 

rights 
are to the rights sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering
or thereafter in the open market); 

sponsor 
are to NorthView Sponsor I, LLC, a limited liability company; 

warrants 
are to our warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held
by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and 

we, 
 us, NorthView, company or our company are to NorthView Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
statements contained in this Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities
laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
 anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements,
but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Report
may include, for example, statements about: 

our
ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in
approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
lack of a market for our securities; 

the
use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have
anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control)
or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under
the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Our
Company 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware April 19, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. Although there is no restriction or limitation on what
industry our target operates in, it is our intention to pursue prospective targets that are focused on healthcare innovation. We anticipate
targeting what are traditionally known as small cap companies domiciled in North America, Europe and/or the APAC regions that are developing
assets in the biopharmaceutical, medical technology/medical device and diagnostics space which aligns with our management team s
experience in operating health care companies and in drug and device technology development as well as diagnostic and other services. 

Recent
Developments 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
November 7, 2022, NorthView entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), by and among
NorthView, NV Profusa Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of NorthView Merger Sub ),
and Profusa, Inc., a California corporation Profusa ). 

The
Merger Agreement provides that, among other things, at the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Profusa (the Merger ), with Profusa surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of NorthView. In connection with the Merger, NorthView will change its name to Profusa, Inc. The Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 

The
Business Combination is subject to customary closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum available cash condition,
the receipt of certain governmental approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of NorthView and Profusa. There is no assurance
that the Business Combination will be completed. 

The
aggregate consideration to be received by the Profusa stockholders is based on a pre-transaction equity value of 155,000,000. The exchange
ratio will be equal to (a) 155,000,000, divided by an assumed value of NorthView Common Stock of 10.00 per share. 

Subject
to certain future revenue and stock-price based milestones, Profusa stockholders will have the right to receive an aggregate of up to
an additional 3,875,000 shares of NorthView common stock (the Earnout Shares ). One-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be
issued if, between the 18-month anniversary and the two year anniversary of the Closing, the combined company s common stock achieves
a daily volume weighted average market price of at least 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 consecutive trading day
period Milestone Event I ). One-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be issued if, between the first and second anniversary
of the Closing, the combined company s common stock achieves a daily volume weighted average market price of at least 14.50 per
share for a similar number of days Milestone Event II ). One-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be issued if the combined
company achieves at least 5,100,000 in revenue or 73,100,000 in revenue in fiscal years 2023 or 2024, respectively (or up to one-half
of the Earnout Shares if both milestones are achieved). 

Additionally,
if Milestone Event I or Milestone Event II are achieved by the second anniversary of the Closing, NorthView s sponsor, NorthView
Sponsor I, LLC and Profusa stockholders, will be issued additional shares up to the amount of any shares forgone as an inducement to
obtaining Additional Financings (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 

Extension
Meeting 

The
Company initially had 15 months from the closing of its initial public offering to complete a Business Combination. On March
10, 2023, the Company will hold a vote to amend its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which
the Company must consummate a Business Combination from March 22, 2023 to December 22, 2023 (the Extension
Meeting ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the
Company to pay taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to
applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to
the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

1 

Our Sponsors and Competitive Advantages 

We believe that the combination
of a high-quality management team with extensive operational, financial, merger and acquisition, and public company experience, combined
with the resources of a high quality investment bank focused on evaluating and assisting quality private companies to access the public
markets, is an attractive format. It is particularly important that our management team and our sponsor have successfully worked together
in the past. It is also important that our sponsor, management team and directors have deep experience, contacts and relationships in
the healthcare sector. 

Opportunity Acquisition Target Criteria 

We will seek to acquire small
cap businesses in the biopharmaceutical, medical technology/device industries or diagnostic and other services sector. We believe these
industries are attractive for a number of reasons, including: they represent attractive markets, which are characterized by a high level
of innovation and they include a large number of emerging high growth companies that have the right size as potential targets. 

We believe our structure will
make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an
alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of
the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares
of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses might
find this method a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering.
Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that
could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business should then have greater access to capital and
an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests than it would have as a privately
held company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid
in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our
status as a public company will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations
in our status as a blank check company as a deterrent and may prefer to affect a business combination with a more established entity or
with a private company. These inherent limitations include limitations on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to
those of other entities pursuing the acquisition of similar target businesses; the requirement that we seek stockholder approval of a
business combination or conduct a tender offer in relation thereto, which may delay the consummation of a transaction; and the existence
of our outstanding rights and warrants, which may represent a source of future dilution. 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will
be made available to us. In conducting our due diligence review, we intend to leverage the experience of members of our management team,
directors, sponsors and advisors on an efficient and cost-effective basis as we deploy them to review matters related to their specific
areas of functional expertise. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our advisors or our sponsor, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our officers or directors, we, or
a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management
team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial public
offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination target if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors
was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

2 

Initial Business Combination 

So long as we maintain a listing
for our securities on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate
fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the interest
earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If
our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent
directors. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in
the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For
example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a
substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is
owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one
target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the
target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as
applicable. 

Financial Position 

With funds available in the
trust account for a business combination initially in the amount of 191,647,500 assuming no redemptions, we offer a target business a
variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its
operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. This amount includes up to 6,986,250 of the business combination
marketing fee payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash,
debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will
allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps
to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. 

Unlike other entities that
have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will
not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory
developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial
business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product
or limited number of products or services. 

3 

Limited ability to evaluate the target s
management team 

Although we intend to
closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the
future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While
it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination,
it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we
cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of
the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders may not have the ability to approve
our initial business combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
 Stockholder 
 Approval is 
 Required 
 
 Purchase
 of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase
 of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in
excess of 20 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders
(as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or
indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could
result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result
in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted purchases of our securities 

In the event we seek stockholder
approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of
the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are
in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder
of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We have an insider
trading policy that requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in
possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We
cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent
upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders
may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

4 

In the event that our
initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a
tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the
going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the
purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases
would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may
be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our initial stockholders,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our initial stockholders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would
identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share
of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Our initial stockholders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates
will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our initial
stockholders, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange
Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from
liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain
technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our initial stockholders,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders Upon
Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account
is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.10 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly
exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the fee payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James pursuant to the business combination
marketing agreement. See the section entitled Underwriting Business Combination Marketing Agreement. Our sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our business combination,
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business
Combination 

We will have until the
end of the combination period to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to
consummate our initial business combination within 15 months from our initial public offering, we may, by resolution of our
board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an
additional three months (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing
additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the trust agreement to be entered into between us
and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial
business combination, our initial shareholders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the
applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each three-month extension, 1,897,500 0.10 per share) on or
prior to the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of 3,795,000, or approximately 0.20 per share. Any such payments
would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our
initial business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the
proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we do not complete a business combination, we will not repay such loans.
Furthermore, the letter agreement with our initial stockholders contains a provision pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed to
waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the trust account in the event that we do not complete a
business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish
for us to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the
applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not
the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to
extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we choose to extend the period of time to consummate a
business combination as set forth herein, you will not have the ability to vote or redeem your shares of common stock in connection
with either of the three-month extensions. However, if we seek to complete a business combination during an extension period,
investors will still be able to vote and redeem their shares of common stock in connection with that business combination. 

5 

See Recent Developments
 Extension Meeting above for information about our attempts to request an extension of the combination period from our shareholders. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means
of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement
or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on Nasdaq, we would be required to comply with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and
Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our initial stockholders will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to
purchase shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our initial stockholders, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation
of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net
tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders
tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer
rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

6 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding
capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled
to vote at such meeting. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their founder
shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. These
quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, executive officers and directors may make it more likely that
we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in
connection with the completion of a business combination. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset
test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination
may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms
of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common
stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any
shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on redemption upon completion of
our initial business combination if we seek stockholder approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares.
We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us, our initial stockholders
or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms.
Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding an aggregate of 15 or more of the shares sold in our initial public offering could
threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our initial stockholders or our management
at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem
to less than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders
to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. 

Tendering stock certificates in connection
with a tender offer or redemption rights 

We may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders,
or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such
delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials,
as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period,
it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The
transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass the cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, the fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery
must be effectuated. 

7 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by some blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking
to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market.
If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his
or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit
before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until
the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that
a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder
meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such
holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds
to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of
our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial business combination
is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the end of the combination period. 

Redemption of public shares and liquidation
if no initial business combination 

We will have only until the
end of the combination period to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within the combination period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses,
which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to our rights and warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the
combination period. 

Our initial stockholders have
agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the combination period. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after
our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted combination period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that would affect (i) the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the combination period or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to
be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number
of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment
or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs
and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts
remaining out of the proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for
such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of
dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the
trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

8 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and
without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.10. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the
claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.10. Under Section 281(b) of the
DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full,
as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining
assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay
or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any
claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek
recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below
(i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account
and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our
sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, and our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you
that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account
is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.10 per
share. 

We will seek to reduce
the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be
liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will not have significant funds remaining from the proceeds of our initial public
offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation,
currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined
that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable
for claims made by creditors. 

9 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within the combination period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware
law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination within the combination period, is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such
redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due
to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims
of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation
distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the combination period, we will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the combination
period and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any
claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the
third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to
searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. 

As a result of this obligation,
the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability
extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in
the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes, and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.10 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

10 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the combination period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the combination period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances
will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result
in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have
also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

Employees 

We currently have two executive
officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote
as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time
that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for
our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our common
stock, rights, and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain consolidated
financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited consolidated financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these consolidated financial statements
will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential
acquisition candidate will have consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business
will be able to prepare its consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met,
we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not
believe that this limitation will be material. 

We will be required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures
audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase
the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be
a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in
non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company 
shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

11 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk
Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We may not be able to complete the Business Combination pursuant
to the Merger Agreement. If we are unable to do so, we will incur substantial costs associated with withdrawing from the transaction
and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such
vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such
a combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders
vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek
stockholder approval of the business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares
for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us
to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may
decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which
could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would optimize value for our stockholders. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our public shares and liquidate. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem
our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such
shares may not be redeemed. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed
to hold 15 or more of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares equal to or in excess of 15 of our common
stock. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source
that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target
businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers and directors which may
raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We will likely only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our
operations and profitability. 

12 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating
targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive target businesses. This could
increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a suitable target business or to
consummate an initial business combination. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our
initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time
to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict
of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain of our executive officers and directors are now, and
all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us following our initial business combination and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Since our initial stockholders, including our sponsor, executive
officers and directors, will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest
may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Because each unit contains one right and one-half of
one redeemable warrant, and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in
place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on
a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

Our initial stockholders paid an aggregate of 25,000, or
approximately 0.005 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of
our common stock. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Risks Relating to Our Search For, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination 

We may not be able to complete the Business
Combination pursuant to the Merger Agreement. If we are unable to do so, we will incur substantial costs associated with withdrawing from
the transaction and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs. 

In connection with the Merger
Agreement, we have incurred substantial costs researching, planning and negotiating the transaction. These costs include, but are not
limited to, costs associated with securing sources of financing, costs associated with employing and retaining third-party advisors who
performed the financial, auditing and legal services required to complete the transaction, and the expenses generated by our officers,
executives, and employees in connection with the transaction. If, for whatever reason, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
fail to close, we will be responsible for these costs, but will have no source of revenue with which to pay them. We may need to obtain
additional sources of financing in order to meet our obligations, which we may not be able to secure on the same terms as our existing
financing or at all. If we are unable to secure new sources of financing and do not have sufficient funds to meet our obligations, we
will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

13 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive target
businesses. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a suitable
target business or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential target businesses for blank
check companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many blank check companies preparing and
seeking target businesses for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times,
fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target
and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there
are more blank check companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets businesses, the competition
for available target businesses with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets businesses to
demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns,
geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate target businesses
post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate
an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our
investors altogether. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market
for directors and officers liability insurance for blank check companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our officers and directors.
Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have
generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and consummate
an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming
a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both.
However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post business combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we
were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims
arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors
and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
The need for run off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our stockholders. 

We may issue our shares to investors in connection
with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

In connection with our initial
business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price
of 10.00 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time, which is generally approximately
 10.10. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity.
The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such
time. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate
in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support
such a combination. 

We may not hold a
stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval
under applicable state law or the rules of Nasdaq or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For
instance, the Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require
us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as
consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more
than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such business combination. However, except for as required
by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders
to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of
factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek
stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such
approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
our common stock do not approve of the business combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled Proposed
Business Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional
information. 

14 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public stockholders vote. 

Unlike many other blank check
companies in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the
public stockholders in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their
founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering, in favor of our initial business combination.
Our sponsor, officers and directors own 19.6 of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, in addition to the founder shares
and representative shares, we would need 6,890,626, or 36.31 , of the 18,975,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to
be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved.
Furthermore, assuming only the minimum number of stockholders required to be present at the stockholders meeting held to approve
our initial business combination are present at such meeting, we would need only 848,439 of the 18,975,000 public shares, or approximately
4.47 of the shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering, to be voted in favor of our initial business combination
in order to have such transaction approved. In addition, in the event that our board of directors amends our bylaws to reduce the number
of shares required to be present at a meeting of our stockholders, we would need even fewer public shares to be voted in favor of our
initial business combination to have such transaction approved. 

Accordingly, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be
the case if our initial stockholders agreed to vote their shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

At the time of your investment
in us, you may not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our
board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right
or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval,
your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem
their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such
closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the
consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently,
if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately
before and after the consummation of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination
transaction with us. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter
into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights,
and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for
redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase
price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for
redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the
trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances
or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The amount of the fee payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James
pursuant to the terms of the business combination marketing agreement will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in
connection with an initial business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable
business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure, or may incentivize us to structure a transaction whereby we
issue shares to new investors and not to sellers of target businesses. 

15 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our initial business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business
combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If
you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade
at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open
market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would optimize value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination
within the combination period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing
that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition,
we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected
upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We must complete our initial
business combination within the combination period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted
by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the conflict
between Ukraine and Russia continues to grow and, while the extent of the impact of the conflict on us will depend on future developments,
it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased
market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may not be able to find a suitable
target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination
within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

16 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our
common stock. 

If we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such
stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to
exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their
affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their
redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose
of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to
have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such
requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of a business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly
making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender
offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance
with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become
aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will
furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that
must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures,
its shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination
with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K,
including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank
check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among
other things, we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover,
if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held
in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an
initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold 15 or more of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares equal to or in excess of 15 of
our common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to an aggregate of 15 or more of
the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability
to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares
equal to or exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

17 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, on our
redemption, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter
intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be
individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for
the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive
experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to
various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge
than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we
believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that
are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in
pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of common stock
redeemed and, in the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination, we make purchases of our common stock, the
resources available to us for our initial business combination will potentially be reduced. Any of these obligations may place us at
a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our
rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least
the term of the combination period, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

The funds available to us
outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the term of the combination period, assuming that
our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account
will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the term of the combination period; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate
is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us
with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision
(a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies
on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have
any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target
business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient
funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account
and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available
to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from
our initial stockholders or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 193,486 as of December 31, 2022 is available
to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need
to borrow funds from our initial stockholders, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of
our initial stockholders, members of our management team or any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in
such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon
completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants
at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including
as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the underlying warrants. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other
than our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial stockholders as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the
trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on our redemption of our public shares,
and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in companies
that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a
business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and
we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an
acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly
applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our
management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our
management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who
choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such
stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to
successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

18 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination
if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants
will expire worthless. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our business
combination with an affiliated entity, or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses,
we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent
accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained,
our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally
accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions
that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share
on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to
complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the
desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target
business management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the
target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public
company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any
stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their
shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that
the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to
the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

19 

The officers and directors
of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. 

We may engage in a business combination with
one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers and directors
which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with
our sponsor, executive officers and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without
limitation, those described under Management Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business
combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities,
we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth
in Proposed Business Effecting our initial business combination Selection of a target business and structuring
of our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting
firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our executive officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the
terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

We will likely only be able to complete one
business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause
us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may
negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial
business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of
risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business,
property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single
or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business
combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

20 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public
information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial
business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable
as we suspected, if at all. 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of
the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our
stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which
we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this
case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common
stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single
person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely
that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

We may seek business combination
opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement
such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the initial business
combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we
may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent
us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our initial
business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement
than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of
our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target
business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial business combination. The absence of such a redemption threshold
may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not
agree. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our
public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the
consummation of our initial business combination (such that we become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or
any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our
public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the
tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our initial stockholders, including
our officers or directors, or their advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

21 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

Although we believe that the
net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete
our initial business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements
for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove
to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search
of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business
combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that
such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when
needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular
business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete
our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure
additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers,
directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender
offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international
financial reporting standards depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial
statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate our initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the
coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
has resulted in a widespread health crisis and is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets in the U.S. and worldwide, and
could adversely affect the business of any potential target company with which we consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may
be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, continue to
limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are
unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business
combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may
emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions
posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business
combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected. 

22 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that
may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other
charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks
may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these
charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by
virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of
a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

Because we are not limited to a particular
industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the
merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

Although we expect to focus
our search for a target business on entities in the healthcare industry, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating
company in any industry or sector. However, we are not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, permitted to effectuate
our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks
inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may
be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct
investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments
as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our initial
public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not
incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the
monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the
trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues
after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness
even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest,
if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if
the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal
and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures,
acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

23 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting
to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic,
industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for
expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks
that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our initial business
combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations
or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business
operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations
may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax
laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances,
regime changes, political upheaval, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States;
and 

government appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations
and financial condition. 

24 

Risks Relating to our Management and Directors 

Past performance by our management team may
not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding
performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience
and performance of our management team is not a guarantee either: (a) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable
candidate for our initial business combination; or (b) of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may
consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s performance as indicative of the future
performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and
directors, at least until we have completed our business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We
do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may
join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for
them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able
to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the
business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to
remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether
or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain
with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management
or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of
our initial business combination. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and
directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating
their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

25 

Each of our executive officers is engaged in several
other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities.
If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such
affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative
impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain of our executive officers and directors
are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to
be conducted by us following our initial business combination and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of
our initial public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying
and combining with one or more businesses. Our executive officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities
that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us following our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe
certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented
to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our
interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

For a complete discussion
of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be
aware of, please see Management Directors and Executive Officers, Management Conflicts
of Interest and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our directors or executive
officers, although we do not currently intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging
for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between
their interests and ours. 

Since our initial stockholders, including our
sponsor, executive officers and directors, will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed,
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business
combination. 

Our sponsor holds 4,743,750
founder shares. Certain members of our management team also have a financial interest in our sponsor. The founder shares held by
our sponsor will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased 5,162,500 private
placement warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,162,500. All of the foregoing private placement warrants will also be worthless
if we do not consummate our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our sponsor, executive officers and
directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the end of
the combination period nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

26 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors
will not be eligible to be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest
may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

At the closing of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our sponsor, executive officers and directors, may influence
their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business combination. 

Since our sponsor paid only approximately 0.005
per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business
that subsequently declines in value. 

In April 2021, our sponsor
acquired 5,175,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share. In October 2021, our
sponsor forfeited 862,500 founder shares. On December 20, 2021, we effected a 1.1-for-1 stock dividend
of our common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 4,743,750 founder shares outstanding. Our officers and directors have a significant
economic interest in our sponsor. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic incentive whereby our
officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in
value and is unprofitable for public investors. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to
sell your public shares, rights, or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the combination period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we
are unable to complete our business combination within the combination period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein.
Stockholders who do not exercise their rights to the funds in connection with an amendment to our certificate of incorporation would still
have rights to the funds in connection with a subsequent business combination. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have
any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public
shares, rights, or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our common stock, rights,
and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior
to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s
continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price
would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities
from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our common stock is a penny stock 
which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading
activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain
additional financing in the future. 

27 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less
than 10.10 per share. 

Our placing of funds in
the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage
with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an
agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that
such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. We are not aware of any
product or service providers who have not or will not provide such waiver other than the underwriters of our initial public
offering. 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought
against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders
could be less than the 10.10 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below
(i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay
taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except
as to any claims under indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
indemnification obligations, and our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our
sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If (x) we issue additional
shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly
issued price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 20 trading day
period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the Market
Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 
of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us
to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per share or (ii) other than due to the failure to obtain a waiver
from a vendor waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of
our public stockholders, such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor
asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our
independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any
particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the
trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.10 per share. 

28 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be
viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to
claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary
duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public
stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount
that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within the combination period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware
law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our
public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of the combination period in the event we do not complete our business
combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years
following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of
the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred
after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought
against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within the end of the combination period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law
and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring
or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for
claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation
distribution. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after our consummation of a business combination and you will not be entitled to any of the corporate protections provided by such
a meeting. 

In accordance with the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of
stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by
written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the
consummation of our initial business combination, and thus, we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which
requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of a business
combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance
with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

29 

We did not register the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at the time of our IPO, and such registration
may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants
except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We did not register the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at the time of our IPO. However,
under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the
closing of our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days after the closing
of our initial business combination, to have declared effective, a registration statement relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, and to maintain a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock until the expiration of the warrants in
accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts
or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial
statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any
shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above,
if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders
of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will
use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In
no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in
the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws. If the
issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the
holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such
event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares
of common stock included in the units. We may not redeem the warrants when a holder may not exercise such warrants. However, there may
be instances in which holders of our public warrants may be unable to exercise such public warrants but holders of our private placement
warrants may be able to exercise such private placement warrants. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable
for a security other than the shares of our common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this
time. 

In certain situations, including
if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than
the shares of our common stock. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement,
you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving
company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within
fifteen (15) business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement
entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our initial stockholders and
their permitted transferees can demand that we register their shares of our common stock at the time of our initial business
combination. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the
private placement warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of
securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the common stock
issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of
such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our
common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or
difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the
combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our common stock that is
expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our
working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

30 

We may issue additional shares of common stock
or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
combination, and any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares
of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of common stock, and may issue shares of preferred stock, in order to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-business combination
activity). However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from
the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. However, our sponsor,
executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the combination period or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors
in our initial public offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred
stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of
common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could
result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units,
common stock, rights, and/or warrants. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments.
We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in
a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments.
For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the
time period in which the company must consummate its initial business combination. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend
our charter or governing instruments in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Certain agreements related to our initial public
offering may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Certain agreements, including
the underwriting agreement relating to our initial public offering, the investment management trust agreement between us and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, the letter agreements and the registration rights agreement among us and our sponsor, executive
officers and directors, the administrative services agreement between us and our sponsor, and the business combination marketing agreement
may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be
material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business
combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties,
chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination.
Any such amendment may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

31 

Our initial stockholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Our initial stockholders own
19.6 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a
stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in our initial public offering or additional
shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence. 

We may amend the terms of the rights in a manner
that may be adverse to holders of rights with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights. 

Our rights will be issued
in registered form under a rights agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent, and us. The rights
agreement provides that the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders of rights. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the rights in a manner adverse to a
holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of
the rights with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, adjust the conversion ratio of the rights. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public
warrants. 

Our warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The
warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct
any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any
change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public
warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment.
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants
is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten
the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with
any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of
process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum
provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with
our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board. 

32 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided
that the last reported sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. We may not redeem the warrants
when a holder may not exercise such warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants
and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the
then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price
which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your
warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their
permitted transferees. 

Our rights and warrants may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued rights that convert
into 1,897,500 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 9,487,500 shares of our common stock as part of the units
offered in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued an aggregate of
7,347,500 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement to our sponsor, I-Bankers and Dawson James. In addition,
if our initial stockholders make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible, at the option of the lender,
into private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant of the post business combination entity. To the extent we issue shares
of common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of common
stock upon conversion of the rights or exercise of the warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business.
Such rights and warrants, if and when converted or exercised, would increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common
stock and reduce the value of the shares of common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our rights and warrants
may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their
best interests. These provisions include the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred
stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of
a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of
management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our
directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the
internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to
which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within
ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the
Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action
arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware
shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to
have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by
providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may
determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of
discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

33 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the
application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against
our directors and officers. 

Our warrants are accounted for as warrant liabilities
and recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Following the consummation
of our IPO and the concurrent private placement of warrants, we issued an aggregate of 17,404,250 warrants. We accounted for these as
a warrant liabilities and recorded at fair value upon issuance any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined
by us. Potential targets may seek a business combination partner that does not have warrants that are accounted for as warrant liabilities,
which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

General Risks 

We are a newly formed company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a newly formed company
with no operating results, and did not commence operations until obtaining funding through our initial public offering. Because we lack
an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial
business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target
business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our
initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including, without limitation, restrictions on
the nature of our investments, and restrictions on the issuance of our securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete
our business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including, without limitation, registration
as an investment company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure
requirements and other rules and regulations. 

In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government
securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter
to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale
or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our
anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested
by the trustee only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the
exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment
Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds
and may hinder our ability to consummate a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will
expire worthless. 

34 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other
legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

A market for our securities may not develop,
which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The price of our securities
may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active
trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities
unless a market can be established and sustained. 

We are an emerging growth company within the
meaning of the Securities Act, and we are taking advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth
companies, which could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with
other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we are taking advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be
an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case
we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be
required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company
makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies
because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

35 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. 

We would be subject to a second level of U.S.
federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company (a PHC for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. 

A U.S. corporation generally
will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half
of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this
purpose certain entities such as certain tax exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant
to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50 of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60 of the corporation s
adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which
includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). 

Depending on the date and
size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income
as discussed above. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our
sponsor and certain tax exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50 of our stock may
be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus,
no assurance can be given that we will not become a PHC in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would
be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20 , on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject
to certain adjustments. 

Non-U.S.
Holders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax if we are considered a United States real property holding corporation. 

A
Non-U.S. Holder of our common stock may be subject to U.S. federal income and/or withholding tax in the event we are considered a United
States real property holding corporation USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In that event, Non-U.S. Holders
of our common stock could be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax, or both, in respect of certain distributions on, and payments
in connection with a sale, exchange, redemption, repurchase or other disposition of, our common stock. Certain Non-U.S. Holders may be
eligible for an exemption if they do not exceed certain ownership levels. Non-U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors with
respect to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of our common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 207 West 25 th St, 9 th Floor, New York, NY 10001. The cost for this space is
included in the 5,000 per month fee that we will pay to an affiliate of one of our officers for office space, utilities, secretarial
support and other administrative and consulting services. We believe that the amount we will pay under the administrative services agreement
is comparable to the cost of similar services that we could obtain from unaffiliated persons. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of
our property. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

36 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock, rights,
and warrants are traded on the NASDAQ under the symbols NVAC, NVACR, and NVACW respectively.
Our units commenced public trading on December 20, 2021. Our shares of common stock, rights, and warrants began separate trading on January
21, 2022, and our units ceased trading on such separation date. 

Holders 

As of March 2, 2023, there were four holders of record for our shares common
stock, five holders of record of our warrants, and one holder of record of our rights. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not
anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered
Offering 

On December 22, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering IPO of 18,975,000 units, including the issuance of 2,475,000 units as a result of the underwriters 
exercise of their over-allotment option in full. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 189,750,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, pursuant to certain subscription agreements, we completed a private sale of an aggregate of 7,347,500 private placement warrants
to our sponsor, I-Bankers, and Dawson James at a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds to the
Company of 7,347,500. The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants sold in the IPO except that the private placement
warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they are
held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than
the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable
by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants included in the units sold in the IPO. No underwriting discounts or commissions
were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the private placement warrant was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

I-Bankers and Dawson James
were representatives of the several underwriters. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on registration
statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-257156 and 333-261763). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on December 20, 2021. 

We paid a total of 3,450,000
in underwriting discounts and commissions and 609,623 for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. I-Bankers and Dawson James, representatives
of the several underwriters in the IPO, received a portion of the underwriting discounts and commissions related to the IPO. We also repaid
the promissory note to the Sponsor from the proceeds of the IPO. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and incurred
offering costs, the total net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants was 193,647,500, of which 191,647,500
(or 10.10 per unit sold in the IPO) was placed in the trust account. Other than as described above, no payments were made by us to directors,
officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

We did not repurchase any
of our equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

37 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a
result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on April 19, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ).
We consummated our initial public offering on December 22, 2021 and are currently in the process of locating suitable targets for our
business combination. We intend to use the cash proceeds from our Public Offering and the Private Placement described below as well as
additional issuances, if any, of our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt to complete the Business Combination. 

We expect to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial
Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On November 7, 2022, NorthView
entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), by and among NorthView, NV Profusa Merger
Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of NorthView Merger Sub ), and Profusa, Inc., a California
corporation Profusa ). 

The Merger Agreement provides
that, among other things, at the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Merger
Sub will merge with and into Profusa (the Merger ), with Profusa surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of NorthView. In
connection with the Merger, NorthView will change its name to Profusa, Inc. The Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 

The Business Combination is
subject to customary closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum available cash condition, the receipt of certain governmental
approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of NorthView and Profusa. There is no assurance that the Business Combination
will be completed. 

The aggregate consideration
to be received by the Profusa stockholders is based on a pre-transaction equity value of 155,000,000. The exchange ratio will be equal
to (a) 155,000,000, divided by an assumed value of NorthView Common Stock of 10.00 per share. 

Subject to certain
future revenue and stock-price based milestones, Profusa stockholders will have the right to receive an aggregate of up to an
additional 3,875,000 shares of NorthView Common Stock (the Earnout Shares ). One-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be
issued if, between the 18-month anniversary and the two year anniversary of the Closing, the combined company s common stock
achieves a daily volume weighted average market price of at least 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 consecutive
trading day period Milestone Event I ). One-quarter of the Earnout Shares will be issued if, between the first and
second anniversary of the Closing, the combined company s common stock achieves a daily volume weighted average market price
of at least 14.50 per share for a similar number of days Milestone Event II ). One-quarter of the Earnout Shares will
be issued if the combined company achieves at least 5,100,000 in revenue or 73,100,000 in revenue in fiscal years 2023 or 2024,
respectively (or up to one-half of the Earnout Shares if both milestones are achieved). 

Additionally, if Milestone
Event I or Milestone Event II are achieved by the second anniversary of the Closing, NorthView s sponsor, NorthView Sponsor I, LLC
and Profusa stockholders, will be issued additional shares up to the amount of any shares forgone as an inducement to obtaining Additional
Financings (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 

38 

Results of Operations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from April 19, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2022 relates to our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and, subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business
Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. We will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the
form of interest income and unrealized gains from the cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We expect to incur increased
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of 7,167,738, which consisted of a gain of 6,358,235 for the change in fair value of our warrant liabilities
and interest income of 2,579,268, offset by formation and operating costs of 1,270,554 and provision for income taxes of 499,211. We
are required to revalue our liability-classified warrants at the end of each reporting period and reflect in the statement of operations
a gain or loss from the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities in the period in which the change occurred. 

For the period from April
19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 300,433, which consisted of a gain of 597,567 for the change in
fair value of our warrant liabilities and interest income of 6,461, offset by formation and operating costs of 45,047 and offering costs
allocated to warrants of 258,548. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 0.2 million in cash and working capital of approximately 0.2 million. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, cash used in operating activities was 581,189. Net income of 7,167,738 was impacted primarily by trust interest income of 2,579,268
and change in fair value of our warrant liabilities of 6,358,235. Changes in operating assets and liabilities reflected a source of cash
of 1,188,576 from operating activities during such period. 

Prior to the completion of
the initial public offering, our liquidity needs had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the sponsor of 25,000 for the
founder shares to cover certain of the offering costs and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor of 204,841, which
was fully paid upon the initial public offering. Subsequent to the consummation of the initial public offering and private placement,
our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the private placement not held in the trust account. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended business combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us working capital loans. To date, there were no amounts
outstanding under any working capital loans. 

We have until March 22, 2023
to consummate a Business Combination (which may be extended by up to six months as described in this report). It is uncertain that we
will be able to consummate a Business Combination by such date. If a Business Combination is not consummated by the required date, there
will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that mandatory liquidation, and subsequent dissolution, should we be unable to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities should we be required to liquidate after March 22, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we did not have any long-term debt, finance or operating lease obligations. 

39 

We
entered into an administrative services agreement with our sponsor pursuant to which we pay for office space and secretarial and administrative
services provided to members of our management team, in an amount of 5,000 per month. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 63,387
had been incurred and billed relating to the administrative service fee. As of December 31, 2022, 25,000 relating to the administrative
service fee was not paid yet and recorded as due to related party. For the period from April 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, 1,613 had been accrued and charged to operating expenses. 

NorthView previously engaged
I-Bankers as an advisor to assist in holding meetings to discuss the potential business combination and the target business attributes,
introduce NorthView to potential investors that are interested providing funding in connection with a Business Combination, assist NorthView
in obtaining stockholder approval for such business combination and assist NorthView with its press releases and public filings in connection
with such business combination (the Business Combination Marketing Agreement ). In connection with such engagement, NorthView
agreed to pay IBS a cash fee (the Business Combination Fee for such services upon the consummation of a business combination
in an amount equal to 3.68 of the gross proceeds of its initial public offering (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which
might become payable). NorthView had also previously entered into an engagement letter (the Engagement Letter contemplating
the Business Combination Fee. In connection with the Business Combination, NorthView and I-Bankers amended the Business Combination Marketing
Agreement and the Engagement Letter to revise a portion of the Business Combination Fee to be partially payable in NorthView securities
and partially payable in cash upon the closing of the Merger with Profusa, with such securities to be subject to lock-up provisions. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Management s discussion
and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our financial information. We describe our
significant accounting policies in Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this report. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Certain of our accounting policies
require that management apply significant judgments in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates. On an ongoing
basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements
are presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry
trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. However, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent
degree of uncertainty, and, therefore, actual results could differ from our estimates. 

Warrant Liabilities 

We account for the warrants
issued in connection with the IPO in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants
do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classified each
warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement,
the warrant liabilities will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Stock 

We have two categories of
shares, which are referred to as common stock subject to possible redemption and common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata
between the two categories of shares. The 17,404,250 potential shares of common stock for outstanding warrants to purchase our shares
were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 19, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result,
diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per share of common stock for the periods presented. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

Our common stock sold as part
of the Units in the IPO public common stock contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public
shares in connection with our liquidation, or if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the initial Business Combination.
In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, we classify public common stock subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption
provisions are not solely within our control. The public common stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO was issued with other freestanding
instruments (i.e., Public Warrants) and as such, the initial carrying value of public common stock classified as temporary equity was
the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The public common stock is subject to ASC 480-10-S99 and is currently
not redeemable as the redemption is contingent upon the occurrence of events mentioned above. According to ASC 480-10-S99-15, no subsequent
adjustment is needed if it is not probable that the instrument will become redeemable. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Our management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. 

40 

JOBS Act 

The JOBS Act contains
provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging
growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the
effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards,
and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards
is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may
not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our
system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may
be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii)
comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the independent
registered public accounting firm s report providing additional information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements
(auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive
compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply
for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth
company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8.
Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following
Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our
 Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

41 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management conducted, under
the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, commonly referred to as the COSO criteria. Based on the assessment
performed, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of
the SEC for an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 

Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Jack Stover 
 
 69 
 
 Co-Founder, Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Fred Knechtel 
 
 62 
 
 Co-Founder, Director, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Peter O Rourke 
 
 50 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Independent Director 
 
 Ed Johnson 
 
 62 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Lauren Chung 
 
 50 
 
 Independent Director 

Jack Stover Co-Founder, Director
and Chief Executive Officer 

Jack Stover has served as our
Chief Executive Officer and director since inception. From June 2016 to November 2020, Mr. Stover served as president and chief executive
officer of Interpace Biosciences, Inc., a publicly-traded small cap life sciences company providing complex molecular analysis for the
early diagnosis and treatment of cancer and supporting the development of targeted therapeutics. From December 2015 until June 2016, Mr. Stover
served as interim president and chief executive officer of Interpace Biosciences, Inc. Mr. Stover on the board of directors of Interpace
Biosciences, Inc. from August 2005 until November 2020, and was chairman of the audit committee from August 2005 until December 2015.
From June 2016 to December 2016, Mr. Stover was chairman of the audit committee and a member of the board of directors of Viatar
CTC Solutions, Inc. From 2004 to 2008, he served as chief executive officer, president and director of Antares Pharma, Inc., a publicly
held specialty pharmaceutical company (current market cap of ~ 700M) then listed on the American Stock Exchange. In addition to other
relevant experience, Mr. Stover was also formerly a partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers (then Coopers and Lybrand), working in the
bioscience industry division in New Jersey. Mr. Stover received his B.A. in Accounting from Lehigh University and is a Certified
Public Accountant. We believe that Mr. Stover is well-qualified to serve as a director of our company based on Mr. Stover s
experience holding senior leadership positions in the life sciences industry, and his specific experience and skills in the areas of general
operations, financial operations and administration. 

Fred Knechtel Co-Founder, Director
and Chief Financial Officer 

Fred
Knechtel has served as our Chief Financial Officer and director since inception. From August 2022 to present, Mr. Knechtel
served as chief financial officer of DiamiR Biosciences. From January 2020 to January 2021, Mr. Knechtel served as chief financial
officer of Interpace Biosciences, Inc. From June 2018 to December 2018, Mr. Knechtel served as chief financial officer of GENEWIZ,
Inc. From November 2014 to November 2017, Mr. Knechtel served as group chief financial officer of Sims Metal Management. From November
2009 to October 2014, Mr. Knechtel served as chief financial officer of Remy International, Inc. Mr. Knechtel received a Bachelor
of Engineering from Stony Brook University and a M.B.A in Finance from Hofstra University. We believe that Mr. Knechtel is well-qualified
to serve as a director of our company based on Mr. Knechtel s experience holding high level executive positions in the life
sciences industry, and his financial and accounting experience. 

Peter O Rourke Chairman
of the Board 

Peter
O Rourke has served as our chairman of the board since the effective date of our initial public offering. Since December 2018,
Mr. O Rourke has served as Managing Partner at TCI Partners, a consulting firm focused on healthcare, aerospace and the public
sector. From November 2020-August 2022, Mr. O Rourke was President and Director for Western Magnesium, where he
created the U.S. operations strategy and team during the successful technology pilot phase of the company, and led enterprise and defense
business development, government affairs, and communications. From January 2017 to December 2018, Mr. O Rourke served
as the Acting Secretary and Chief of Staff of the Department of Veteran Affairs. From May 2015 to July 2016, Mr. O Rourke
served as a principal of Calibre Systems, Inc., a consulting firm. Mr. O Rourke also served in both the U.S. Navy and Air
Force. Mr. O Rourke served as Director for AXIM Biotechnologies from July 2020 to present. AXIM is a vertically integrated
research and development company focused on improving the landscape for the diagnosis of ophthalmological conditions such as Dry Eye
Disease (DED) through rapid diagnostic tests. Mr. O Rourke received a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from the University
of Tennessee in Knoxville as well as a Master of Science in Logistics and Supply Chain Management from the United States Air Force s
Institute of Technology. We believe that Mr. O Rourke is well-qualified to serve as a director of our company based on Mr.
O Rourke s leadership and consulting experience in the healthcare industry. 

43 

Ed Johnson Director 

Ed Johnson has served as
a director since the effective date of our initial public offering. Since March 2020, Mr. Johnson has served as the chief
executive officer of iONEBIOUSA Molecular COVID-19 Technologies, which he founded. Since March 2018, Mr. Johnson has
served as chief executive officer of Johnson Global Ventures, LLC. Since March 2018, Mr. Johnson has served on the
Advisory Board to Advantage Capital Partners. Mr. Johnson received a Bachelor of Science in Marketing from Florida State
University and a M.B.A. from Nova Southeastern University. We believe that Mr. Johnson is well-qualified to serve as a
director of our company based on Mr. Johnson s healthcare focused experience. 

Lauren Chung Director 

Lauren Chung has served as a
director since the effective date of our initial public offering. Since November 2019, Dr. Chung has served as chief executive officer
of MINLEIGH LLC, identifying, evaluating and partnering with companies for investments and strategic, operational, and commercial opportunities,
and venture partner at Yozma Group. From May 2017 to November 2019, Dr. Chung was an Equity Research Managing Director at WestPark
Capital. From August 2016 to April 2017, Dr. Chung as in equity research at Maxim Group. Previously, Dr. Chung founded and served
as chief operating officer and chief compliance officer of Tokum Capital Management, a global healthcare investment fund. Prior to that,
she managed healthcare investment portfolios at institutional investment firms. Dr. Chung serves as director of Todos Medical Ltd.
Dr. Chung previously served as director of Cure Pharmaceutical Holding Corp from August 2019 until November 2021, UltraSight, Inc
from December 2020 to December 2021, and AdiTxt, Inc. from June 2021 until December 2021. Dr. Chung holds a Ph.D. in Neuropathology
from Columbia University-College of Physicians Surgeons, an M.B.A from Columbia Business School, and a BA with honors in Biochemistry
and Economics from Wellesley College. We believe that Dr. Chung is well-qualified to serve as a director of our company based on
Dr. Chung s extensive corporate board and investment analysis experience. 

Number of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of five directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Our officers
are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office.
Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors have determined that Dr. Chung, Mr. Johnson and Mr. O Rourke
are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each committee
operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Our audit committee,
compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee is composed solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee
are Dr. Chung, Mr. Johnson and Mr. O Rourke. Dr. Chung serves as chair of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq
listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members on the audit committee. The rules of Nasdaq
and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
Dr. Chung, Mr. Johnson and Mr. O Rourke qualify as independent directors under applicable rules. Each member of the
audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Dr. Chung qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and
oversight of the work of the independent registered accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged
by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided
by the independent registered accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered accounting
firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees
of the independent registered accounting firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations; 

44 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from
the independent registered accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered accounting firm s internal quality-control
procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm,
or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more
independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered accounting
firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators
or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements
or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our Compensation
Committee are Mr. Johnson, Dr. Chung, and Mr. O Rourke. Mr. Johnson serves as chair of the compensation committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members on the compensation committee,
all of whom must be independent. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals
and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s
based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other
executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and
other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included
in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or
other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating
and corporate governance are Dr. Chung, Mr. O Rourke and Mr. Johnson. Dr. Chung serves as chair of the nominating and
corporate governance committee. 

The primary purposes of our
nominating and corporate governance committee will be to assist the board in: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified
to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders
or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing, recommending to the board of directors and overseeing
implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of
the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

45 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance
and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The nominating and corporate
governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of Nasdaq. 

Director Nominations 

Our nominating and corporate
governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders.
The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they
are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of
stockholders). 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics and our audit committee
charter as exhibits to the registration statement we filed in connection with our initial public offering. You are able to review these
documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics
will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our
Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor these fiduciary obligations under applicable law. We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business
combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

Potential investors should
also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

Our
sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public
shares they hold in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, executive officers
and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial
business combination within the combination period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any public shares they hold. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period,
the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private
placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or
salable by our initial stockholders until the earlier of (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and
(2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction
after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00
per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released
from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the securities underlying such warrants
will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination. Since our initial stockholders and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following
 our initial public offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

46 

Our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

Our
initial stockholders, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing
arrangements as we may obtain loans from our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial stockholders or any of our officers
or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be, at the option of the lender, convertible into placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. Such units would be identical
to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

Our
initial stockholders, officers and directors may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on
our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may be paid consulting, finder or success fees for assisting us in consummating our initial business combination. 

The conflicts described above
may not be resolved in our favor. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors. In the
event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an
initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, executive officers, and
directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased in or after our initial public offering in favor of
our initial business combination. 

The
following table summarizes the relevant pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Position at affiliated entity 
 
 Jack Stover 
 
 Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Director 

Fred Knechtel 
 
 DiamiR Biosciences 
 
 CFO 

Peter O Rourke 
 
 TCI Partners 
 
 Managing Partner 

AXIM Biotechnologies 
 
 Director 

Ed Johnson 
 
 iONEBIOSUSA 
 
 CEO 

Johnson Global Ventures LLC 
 
 CEO 

Advantage Capital Partners 
 
 Advisor 

Lauren Chung 
 
 MINLEIGH, LLC 
 
 CEO 

Todos Medical Ltd. 
 
 Director 

47 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law,
as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our
directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent
such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL. 

We entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee
for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have obtained
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented
and experienced officers and directors. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers
or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Until the earlier of consummation of our initial business
combination and our liquidation, beginning on the closing date of our initial public offering, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of one
of our officers a total of 5,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting services.
Our executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or
their affiliates. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined
by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to
remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain
their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers
currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that
has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

48 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 14, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons
named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Common Stock 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially 
 Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common 
 Stock (3) 
 
 Jack Stover (4) 
 4,743,750 
 19.6 
 
 Fred Knechtel (4) 
 4,743,750 
 19.6 
 
 Peter O Rourke (5) 

Ed Johnson (5) 

Lauren Chung (5) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (5 individuals) 
 4,743,750 
 19.6 
 
 Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC (6) 
 1,488,384 
 6.2 
 
 Fir Tree Capital Management LP (7) 
 1,702,740 
 7.0 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (8) 
 1,233,333 
 5.1 

Less than 1 . 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals 207 West 25 th St, 9 th Floor, New York, NY 10001. 

(2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares. 

(3) Based on 24,168,750 shares of common stock outstanding. 

(4) Shares are held by NorthView Sponsor I, LLC, a limited liability
company, of which Messrs. Stover and Knechtel are the managers. Members of this limited liability company include certain officers and
directors of the company. Messrs. Stover and Knechtel disclaim beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of
their ultimate pecuniary interest therein. 

(5) Does
not include any securities held by NorthView Sponsor I, LLC, a limited liability company, of which each person is a direct or indirect
member. Each such person disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported securities, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(6) According
to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on behalf of (i) Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC Lighthouse ),
(ii) MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 136 ), (iii) MAP 204 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated
portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 204 ), (iv) MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 214 
(v) LHP Ireland Fund Management Limited LHP Ireland (vi) MAP 501, a sub-trust of LMA Ireland MAP 501 
(vii) LMAP 909, a sub-fund of LMAP Ireland ICAV LMAP 909 (viii) LMAP 910, a sub-fund of LMAP Ireland ICAV LMAP
910 and (ix) Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC Shaolin ). Lighthouse serves as
the investment manager of MAP 136, MAP 204, MAP 214, and Shaolin. LHP Ireland serves as the manager to MAP 501, LMAP 909 and LMAP 910.
Because Lighthouse and LHP Ireland may be deemed to control MAP 136, MAP 204, MAP 214, Shaolin, MAP 501, LMAP 909, and LMAP 910, as applicable,
Lighthouse and LHP Ireland may be deemed to beneficially own, and to have the power to vote or direct the vote of, and the power to direct
the disposition of the shares set forth in the table. The principal business address is 3801 PGA Boulevard, Suite 500, Palm Beach Gardens,
FL 33410; and 32 Molesworth Street, Dublin, D02 Y512, Ireland. 

(7) According
to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Fir Tree Capital Management LP. The principal business address for Fir Tree
Capital Management LP is 500 5th Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10110. 

(8) According
to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Shaolin Capital Management LLC. The principal business address for Shaolin
Capital Management LLC is 207 West 25th St, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10001. 

49 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

In April 2021, our sponsor
purchased 5,175,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. In October 2021, our sponsor forfeited 862,500 founder
shares. On December 20, 2021, we effected a 1.1- for-1 stock dividend of our common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 4,743,750
founder shares (up to 618,750 of which are subject to forfeiture). 

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 5,162,500 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00
per warrant 5,162,500 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering.
The private placement warrants (including the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not,
subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she
has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our executive officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

We entered into an Administrative
Services Agreement pursuant to which we pay NorthView Sponsor I, LLC, an affiliate of one of our officers, a total of 5,000 per month
for office space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting services. Upon completion of our initial business
combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business
combination takes the maximum 21 months, NorthView Sponsor I, LLC will be paid a total of 105,000 5,000 per month) for office space,
utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses. 

Our sponsor, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates
and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Prior to the closing of our
initial public offering, our sponsor loaned us 204,841 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. These
loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were repaid on the closing of our initial public offering. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial
stockholders or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be, at the option of the lender, convertible into warrants
at a price of 1.00 per warrant of the post business combination entity. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our initial stockholders or an affiliate
of our initial stockholders or certain officers and directors as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and
provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

We may pay consulting, finder
or success fees to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business
combination. Other than these consulting, finder or success fees, no compensation of any kind will be paid by us to our initial stockholders,
executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion
of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or our
or their affiliates. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 

50 

We entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement warrants (and underlying securities). 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our
board of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related
party transactions. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of
each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length
dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether
the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying
the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have
on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees.
Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances
relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the
transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or executive officer to
participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 19, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent
registered public accounting firm were approximately 128,750 and 61,800 for the services Marcum performed in connection with the audit
of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10K. 

Audit-Related Fees. During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 19, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent
registered public accounting firm were approximately 0 for the services Marcum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering. 

Tax Fees . During the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 19, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered
public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 19, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed
for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and
copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such
material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed
rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

51 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

a. Documents
filed as part of this Report 

1. Consolidated Financial
 Statements 

The financial statements and notes thereto
which are attached hereto have been included by reference into Item 8 of this part of the annual report on Form 10-K. See the Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. 
 Consolidated Financial
 Statement Schedules 

All schedules are omitted
because they are inapplicable or not required or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of November 7, 2022, by and among NorthView, NV Profusa Merger Sub, Inc. and Profusa, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 10, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 23, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.3 of the Form S-1 file no 333-257156) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and among the Company, NorthView Sponsor I, LLC and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.7 of the Form S-1 file no. 333-257156) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between the Company and NorthView Sponsor I, LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.8 of the Form S-1 file no. 333-257156) 

52 

10.6 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement dated December 20, 2021 between the Registrant and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 1.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Stockholder Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 10, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 10, 2022) . 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 10, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 10, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Omnibus Amendment to I-Bankers Fee Agreements (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 10, 2022) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to exhibit 14 of the Form S-1 file no. 333-257156) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have
been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted
exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

53 

NORTHVIEW
ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-21 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Northview Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Northview Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from April 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April
19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan
is dependent on the completion of a business combination, and management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a business
combination by March 22, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . 

March 3, 2023 

F- 2 

NORTHVIEW
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts receivable related party 

Total Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses, non-current 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities: 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Income Tax Payable 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 18,975,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

NORTHVIEW
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from April 19, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest income earned on investments held in trust account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Total other income, net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

NORTHVIEW
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common stock 
 Additional 
Paid 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of April 19, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of founder shares 

Issuance of representative shares 

Excess of proceeds above fair value of Private Placement Warrants 

Accretion of common stock to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Common stock 
 Additional 
Paid 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of common stock to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NORTHVIEW
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from April 19, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Offering costs allocated to warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Income tax payable 

Deferred tax liability 

Due to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Overpayment of amount due to related party 

Reimbursement of franchise tax payment from trust account 

Reimbursement by related party 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriters discount 

Proceeds from private placement 

Payment of promissory notes to related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Initial classification of warrant liabilities 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Deferred offering costs paid through issuance of founder shares 

Deferred offering costs paid through issuance of promissory note 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs and expenses 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units ),
which included Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. Each Unit
consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value per share, one right (the Rights ), and one-half
of one redeemable warrant of the Company (the Warrants ). Each Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one share of common stock. Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock for per share, subject
to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants ), which included Private Placement Warrants issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option
granted to the underwriters, to NorthView Sponsor I, LLC, I-Bankers Securities, Inc., and Dawson James Securities, Inc. at a purchase
price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is discussed in Note 4. 

consisting of of underwriting discount, of Representative s Shares cost, 
of Representative s Warrants cost and of other offering costs. 

of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust
Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

per Unit), excluding that was wired to the Company s operating bank
account on December 31, 2021 for working capital purposes, from the net proceeds of the sale of the public units in the IPO and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account Trust Account and invested in United States government
treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act as determined by the Company. Except with respect to interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO will not be released
from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company
does not complete the initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of
our IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) (the Combination Period ), or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of
the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period, subject
to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if
any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. 

F- 7 

per public share. The per share amount the Company will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the fee payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James pursuant to the Business
Combination Marketing Agreement (see Note 6). 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s
rights and warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period.
Pursuant to the terms of the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC on December
20, 2021, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or their affiliates
or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, may deposit into the trust account for each three-month
extension, an amount of per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, up to an aggregate of ,
or approximately per share. 

, the Public Shares are redeemable and will be classified
as such on the consolidated balance sheets until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held
in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest which may be released to the Company to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under indemnity of the underwriters of
the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is
deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. 

F- 8 

million in cash and working capital of approximately million. Prior to
the completion of the Company s IPO, the Company s liquidity needs had been satisfied through a capital contribution from
the Sponsor of for the founder shares to cover certain of the offering costs and the loan under an unsecured promissory note
from the Sponsor of , which was fully paid upon the IPO. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and Private
Placement, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement
not held in the Trust Account. 

of the shares of the Company s
common stock issued in the Company s initial public offering, from March 22, 2023, monthly for up to nine additional months
at the election of the Company, ultimately until as late as December 22, 2023 (the Extension , and such extension date
the Extended Date ). There is no guarantee that a vote to approve an extension will take place. 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock occurring on or after January 1, 2023, by publicly
traded U.S. domestic corporations, by certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations, by covered surrogate
foreign corporations (as defined in the IR Act) and by certain affiliates of the foregoing. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair
market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing
corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases
during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and to prevent the avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 9 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

days or less
and in money market funds which invest in U.S. Treasury securities. 

of interest income from the Trust Account was withdrawn by the Company for the payment of its taxes. 

F- 10 

U.S. Treasury Bills 

U.S. Treasury Bills 

and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, due to the changes in fair value in warrant liability and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

F- 11 

warrants
issued in connection with the IPO (the Public Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants, and the Representative
Warrants inclusive of the underwriters over-allotment option) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such
guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as
a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at
each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liabilities will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair
value recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations (See Note 8). 

as a result of the IPO (consisting of of underwriting fees, of
Representative s Shares cost, of Representative s Warrants cost and of other offering costs).
The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity in connection with the common stock included
in the Units. The Company immediately expensed of offering costs in connection with the Public Warrants, Private Placement
Warrants and Representative s Warrants that were classified as liabilities. 

F- 12 

potential shares of common stock for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s
shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 19, 2021 (Inception)
through December 31, 2021 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result,
diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per share of common stock for the periods presented. The
table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for
each category of common stock: 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of redeemable common stock 

Contingently redeemable common stock, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of redeemable common stock 

Contingently redeemable common stock, December 31, 2022 

F- 13 

per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for
capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price
of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the
board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account
any founder shares held by such stockholders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price )),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for funding the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of
the common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Business
Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price shall be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption
trigger price described in the section Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 
of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

F- 14 

Private Placement Warrants (which included
 Private Placement Warrants issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option) at a price of per warrant in the aggregate) in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. Of such amount, 
Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and Private Placement Warrants were purchased by I-Bankers and Dawson
James. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the offering costs in exchange for an aggregate
of shares of common stock, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). In October 2021, the Sponsor irrevocably
surrendered to the Company for cancellation and for no consideration shares of common stock. On December 20, 2021, , resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of shares of common
stock. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised
by the underwriters in full. On December 22, 2021, the over-allotment option was fully exercised and such shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and was
to be due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. On November 5, 2021, the Company amended the promissory note
to increase the principal amount up to with a due date at the earlier of April 30, 2022 or the closing of the IPO. 

F- 15 

under the promissory note and an additional was advanced from the Sponsor. These amounts
were repaid in full upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds that had been allocated to the payment of offering expenses
(other than underwriting commissions). The Company paid in excess which was owed back to the Company upon the closing of the
IPO, and was returned by the Sponsor on June 15, 2022. 

of such loans may be convertible, at the option of the lender, into warrants
at a price of per warrant of the post Business Combination entity. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under
the Working Capital Loans. 

per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support
and other administrative and consulting services. Upon completion of the Company s Business Combination or its liquidation, the
Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 63,387 had been incurred and billed relating to
the administrative service fee. As of December 31, 2022, relating to the administrative service fee was not paid yet and recorded
as due to related party. For the period from April 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, had been incurred and billed
relating to the administrative service fee. 

per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, up to
an aggregate or approximately per share. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans
will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

F- 16 

units to cover over-allotments,
if any. On December 22, 2021, the over-allotment was fully exercised. 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . 

of the gross proceeds
of the IPO, or . The agreement was subsequently amended and calls for the business combination fee to be paid as (a) 
cash and (b) to be rolled into equity at closing. 

shares (Representative Shares) of common stock (which included Representative
Shares issued pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option) at the consummation of the IPO to I-Bankers and Dawson
James (and/or their designees). I-Bankers and Dawson James (and/or their designees) have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any such shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, I-Bankers and Dawson James (and/or their
designees) have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the
initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to
such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. The fair value of the Representative s
Shares issued are recognized as offering costs directly attributable to the issuance of an equity contract to be classified in equity
and are recorded as a reduction of equity (see Note 1). The fair value of the Representative s Shares of was
determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation with the following inputs at December 22, 2021: 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Stock price 

Fair value of Representative s Shares 

warrants (which included warrants issued pursuant to the full exercise
of the over-allotment option) exercisable at per share (or an aggregate exercise price of at the closing of the
IPO. The Representative Warrants issued are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and recorded as liabilities
at fair value each reporting period (see Notes 1 and 8). The warrants may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s
option, at any time during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement
of which the IPO forms a part and the closing of the initial Business Combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of such effectiveness
date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, I-Bankers and Dawson James have agreed that neither they nor their designees will
be permitted to exercise the warrants after the anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of
which the IPO forms a part. The warrants and such shares purchased pursuant to the warrants have been deemed compensation by FINRA and
are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration
statement of which the IPO forms a part pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110I(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities
will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition
of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of
which the IPO forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately
following the effective date of the registration statement of which the IPO forms a part except to any underwriter and selected dealer
participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The warrants grant to holders demand and piggy back 
rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement of which the IPO forms
a part with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will
bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions, which will be paid for by the
holders themselves. The exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a share dividend, or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,
the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares at a price below its exercise price. The Company will have no obligation to
net cash settle the exercise of the warrants. The holder of the warrants will not be entitled to exercise the warrants for cash unless
a registration statement covering the securities underlying the warrants is effective or an exemption from registration is available. 

F- 17 

. The exchange ratio will be equal to (a) ,
divided by an assumed value of NorthView Common Stock of per share. Subject to certain future revenue and stock-price based milestones,
Profusa stockholders will have the right to receive an aggregate of up to an additional shares of NorthView Common Stock. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of and
with such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of common stock at par value of
 each. In April 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to its Sponsor for , or approximately
 per share. In October 2021, the Sponsor irrevocably surrendered to the Company for cancellation and for no consideration shares
of common stock. On December 20, 2021, On December 22, 2021, the Company has also issued shares
(Representative s Shares) of common stock (which included Representative Shares issued pursuant to the full exercise
of the over-allotment option) at the consummation of the IPO to I-Bankers and Dawson James (and/or their designees). As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares
of common stock subject to redemption. 

of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors (prior
to consummation of the initial Business Combination). The Company s stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when,
as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

F- 18 

-
 
 -

Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Warrant liabilities Representative s Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Total 

-

-
 
 -

Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Warrant liabilities Representative s Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 
 -
 
 -

and ,
respectively. 

F- 19 

Expected term (years) 
 . 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Fair value of Common stock 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transfer out of Level 3 to Level 1 

Fair value at December 31, 2022 

Unrealized gain/loss - Trust 

Federal Net Operating loss 

Net deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax (liability), net of
 allowance 

F- 20 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and in U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset
future taxable income. 

and . 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant issuance costs 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NORTHVIEW
 ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jack Stover 

Jack
 Stover 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: March 3, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jack Stover 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 Jack Stover 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Fred Knechtel 
 
 Chief Financial Officer,
 Executive Vice President, Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 Fred Knechtel 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Peter O Rourke 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 Peter O Rourke 

/s/
 Ed Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 Ed Johnson 

/s/
 Lauren Chung 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 Lauren Chung 

54 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_northviewacq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

The
following description of the securities of NorthView Acquisition Corp. (the company, we or us is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the Company s warrant agreement and rights agreement with Continental Stock
Transfer Trust company, as warrant agent and rights agent, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. We encourage you to read such documents for additional information. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value,
and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms
of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Public Units 

Each unit has an offering price
of 10.00 and consists of one share of common stock, one right, and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each right entitles the holder
to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock and each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of
our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this Report. No fractional warrants will be issued
upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. We will not issue fractional shares upon conversion of the rights once
the units separate, and no cash will be payable in lieu thereof. As a result, you must have 10 rights to receive one share of common stock
at the closing of the business combination. The common stock, rights, and warrants began separate trading on January 19, 2022. 

Common Stock 

24,168,750 shares of common
stock are outstanding, including: 

18,975,000 shares of our common stock underlying the
units in our initial public offering; 

4,743,750 shares of common stock held by our initial
stockholders; and 

450,000 Representative s shares. 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative
vote of a majority of our common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors (prior to consummation of our initial business combination). Our stockholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, if we were to enter into a business
combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock
which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first full fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for
the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders
want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold
one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

We will provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is anticipated to be approximately 10.10
per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced
by the fee payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James pursuant to the business combination marketing agreement. Our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares and any public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, although they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to consummate our
initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing
of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). 

Unlike many blank check companies
that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if
a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will,
pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC,
and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial
business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of
the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many
blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to
the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding
shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present
in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding
shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our initial stockholders, officers,
directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this Report), if any, could result
in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against
such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will
have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but
not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be
taken to approve our business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and
directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

2 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to an aggregate of 15 or more of the
shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on
the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete
the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares equal to or exceeding 15 and,
in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and
any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, in
the event that our board of directors amends our bylaws to reduce the number of shares required to be present at a meeting of our stockholders,
we would need even fewer public shares to be voted in favor of our initial business combination to have such transaction approved. Additionally,
each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction
(subject to the limitations described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing
of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time
to consummate a business combination), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our
initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or
up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination).
However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to
their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

3 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical
to the shares of common stock included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder
rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more
detail below; (ii)(A) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination and (B) our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from
the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within such time period); and (iii) the founder
shares are subject to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering
in favor of our initial business combination. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our initial stockholders, each of whom are subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of one year after the completion
of our initial business combination or earlier if, (x) subsequent to our initial business combination, the last sale price of the
common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is
able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to
issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us
or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend
to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will
receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of
such right redeemed all common stock held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation with respect to our pre-business combination activities. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional common stock upon consummation of an
initial business combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in
our initial public offering. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates
of ours). 

4 

If we enter into a definitive
agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders
of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into
common stock basis. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the
funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive
any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

Promptly upon the consummation
of our initial business combination, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such right(s) the number of full shares of
common stock to which he, she or it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights
agent promptly upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging
their rights for common stock should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature
and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the rights upon consummation
of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no
ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver
securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required
to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

We will not issue any fractional
shares upon conversions of the rights, and no cash will be payable in lieu thereof. As a result, a holder must have 10 rights to receive
one share of common stock at the closing of the business combination. In the event that any holder would otherwise be entitled to any
fractional share upon conversion of his, her or its rights, we will reserve the option, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, to deal with any such fractional entitlement at the relevant time as we see fit, which would include the rounding down of any entitlement
to receive common stock to the nearest whole share (and in effect extinguishing any fractional entitlement), or the holder being entitled
to hold any remaining fractional entitlement (without any share being issued) and to aggregate the same with any future fractional entitlement
to receive shares in the company until the holder is entitled to receive a whole number. Any rounding down and extinguishment may be done
with or without any in lieu cash payment or other compensation being made to the holder of the relevant rights, such that value received
on exchange of the rights may be considered less than the value that the holder would otherwise expect to receive. All holders of rights
shall be treated in the same manner with respect to the issuance of shares upon conversions of the rights. 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This
provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below,
at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering or 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination, and only whole warrants are exercisable. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may
exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time
by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly,
unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years
after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

5 

We will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration.
No warrant will be exercisable for cash, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants,
unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising
holder, or an exemption is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will
not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

We have agreed that as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our reasonable
best efforts to file, and within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, to have declared effective, a
registration statement relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the
provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our best efforts to qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to
the extent an exemption is not available. 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common
stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send to the notice of
redemption to the warrant holders. 

We may not redeem the warrants
when a holder may not exercise such warrants. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant
holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock
may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price (for whole shares) after the redemption
notice is issued. 

6 

If we call the warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant
to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the
dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants.
If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants
for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common
stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price
of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent
to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary
to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value 
in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive
effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of
the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage
of this option, our initial stockholders and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants
for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had
all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a warrant may notify
us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person and any of its affiliates or any other person subject to aggregation
with such person for purposes of the beneficial ownership test under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, or any group 
(within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) of which such person is or may be deemed to be a part, would beneficially
own (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) (or to the extent that for any reason the equivalent calculation under
Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder would result in a higher ownership percentage, such higher
percentage would be) in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common
stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of common stock.
A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the fair market
value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of common
stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible
into or exercisable for common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of common
stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for
securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in determining the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into
account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair
market value means the volume weighted average price of common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the
trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market,
regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any
time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the
holders of common stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders
of common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) as a result of the repurchase of shares of common
stock by the company if the proposed initial business combination is presented to the stockholders of the company for approval, or (e) in
connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise
price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value
of any securities or other assets paid on each share of common stock in respect of such event. 

7 

If the number of outstanding
shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of common stock
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar
event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding
shares of common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares
of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted
by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the
number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the
denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of
such shares of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation
or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding
shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of
us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter
have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the
kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right
of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and
amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of
the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a
tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer
made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by stockholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation or as a result of the repurchase of shares of common stock by the company if a proposed initial
business combination is presented to the stockholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such
tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the
Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under
the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning
of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock, the holder of a warrant will
be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled
as a stockholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such
offer and all of the common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustments
(from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in
the warrant agreement. 

The warrants are issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should
review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this Report is a part, for
a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants
may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by
the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of public warrants. 

8 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares will be
issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in
a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants
(including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will (with limited exceptions) not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and they will not be redeemable by us
so long as they are held by the original holders or their permitted transferees. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms
and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. If the private
placement warrants are held by holders other than the original holders or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants
will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public
offering. 

If holders of the private placement
warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that
number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock
underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price
of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise
is sent to the warrant agent. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial stockholders
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such working
capital loans may be convertible, at the option of the lender, into private placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per
warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. The terms of such working capital loans by our initial stockholders or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any,
have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

In addition, holders of our
private placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

9 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of
cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not
anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Rights and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
common stock, and rights and warrant agent for our rights and warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have
agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and rights and warrant agent, its
agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable
counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any
gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Provisions Relating to Our Initial Public Offering 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the
completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65 
of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20.0 of our common stock upon the closing of our
initial public offering (excluding the Representative s shares), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public
offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), we will (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully
available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
on any initial business combination; 

so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust
account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

10 

if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to
21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination)
or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 both immediately before and after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances,
from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting
stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination 
includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made
the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business
combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our authorized but unissued
common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of
corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of
authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

11 

Exclusive Forum for Certain Lawsuits 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer
or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees
arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the
Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter
jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court
for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing
the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision
benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court
may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging
lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairman. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director
Nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to
be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day
nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary of the immediately preceding annual
meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement
must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by Written Consent 

Any action required or permitted
to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be
effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our common stock. 

12 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_northviewacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Jack Stover, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of NorthView Acquisition
Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jack Stover 

Jack Stover 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_northviewacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Fred Knechtel, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of NorthView Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Fred Knechtel 

Fred Knechtel 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_northviewacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of NorthView Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Jack Stover , Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 3, 2023 

/s/ Jack Stover 

Name: 
 Jack Stover 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_northviewacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of NorthView Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Fred Knechtel , Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 3, 2023 

/s/
 Fred Knechtel 

Name: 
 Fred Knechtel

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nvac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nvac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nvac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nvac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nvac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

