<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1817218_0001213900-23-025363.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3830800</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>187737</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1112802</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>938821</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>718168</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>763750</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025363.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331152304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025363
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ConvexityShares Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817218
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41417
		FILM NUMBER:		23787048

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 ROSZEL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1A
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6098977300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 ROSZEL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1A
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ConvexityShares, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200708

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025363.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_convexity.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the transition period from __________ to
__________. 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name Of Each Exchange On Which Registered Arca, Inc. Shares of ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF SPKX NYSE Arca, Inc. 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected to not use the extend transition period for complying with any new or revised financial reporting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
shares held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was: . 

The following is the
number of shares outstanding of each of registrant s classes of common stock as of March 7, 2023: 

Shares Outstanding:
SPKX 

Shares Outstanding:
SPKY 

CONVEXITYSHARES
Trust 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I. 
 1 

Item 1. Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 19 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 19 

Item 2. Properties. 
 19 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 19 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 19 

Part II. 
 20 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 20 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 21 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 21 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 33 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 33 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 33 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 33 

Part III. 
 34 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 34 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 36 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 37 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 37 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 37 

Part IV. 
 38 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 38 

Exhibit Index. 
 39 

Signatures. 
 40 

i 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 

The Trust and the Funds 

ConvexityShares Trust (the Trust was organized as a Delaware statutory trust on April 12, 2021. The Trust is a series trust formed pursuant to the Delaware Statutory
Trust Act and currently includes two series: ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF (the Matching Fund and ConvexityShares
Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF (the Leveraged Fund (each, a Fund and collectively, the Funds ).
The investment objective of the Matching Fund seeks investment results, before fees and expenses, that match (1x) the performance of
the T3 SPIKE Front 2 Futures Index (the Index ). The investment objective of the Leveraged Fund seeks investment results,
before fees and expenses, that correspond to 150 (1.5x) of the performance of the Index for a single day, not for any other period.
A single day is measured from the time a Fund calculates its net asset value NAV to the time of the Fund s
next NAV calculation. The NAV calculation time for the Funds typically is 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time). The Funds seek to achieve their respective
investment objectives through the appropriate amount of exposure to the SPIKES futures contracts included in the Index. Under certain
circumstances, the Funds may also invest in futures contracts and swap contracts VIX Related Positions and, together with
SPIKES futures contracts, Financial Instruments on the Cboe Volatility Index VIX ), an index that tracks
volatility and would be expected to perform in a substantially similar manner as the SPIKES Volatility Index (the SPIKES Index ),
an index that measures the expected 30-day volatility of the SPDR S P 500 ETF SPY ). Each Fund
is a commodity pool that continuously issues shares of beneficial interest that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca. 

The Funds commenced investment operations on
August 15, 2022 and began trading on the NYSE Arca on August 16, 2022. The Matching Fund trades under the symbol SPKX and
the Leveraged Fund trades under the symbol SPKY. 

The principal office of the Trust and the Funds
is located at 7 Roszel Road, Suite 1A, Princeton, NJ 08540. The telephone number of the Trust and the Funds is (609) 897-7300. 

The Sponsor 

The Funds are managed and controlled by their
sponsor and investment manager, ConvexityShares, LLC (the Sponsor ), a Delaware limited liability company. The Funds pay
the Sponsor a management fee (the Sponsor Fee ), calculated daily and paid monthly, equal to 0.79 and 0.65 of the Leveraged
Fund s and Matching Fund s average daily net assets, respectively. From the Sponsor Fee, the Sponsor has contractually agreed
to pay all of the routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Funds, excluding brokerage fees, interest expenses,
and certain non-recurring or extraordinary fees and expenses. The Sponsor maintains its principal business office at 7 Roszel Road, Suite
1A, Princeton, NJ 08540. The Sponsor s telephone number is (609) 897-7300. 

The Funds are each a commodity pool 
as defined by the Commodity Exchange Act CEA ). Consequently, the Sponsor has registered as a commodity pool operator CPO and a commodity trading advisor CTA with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and is a member
of the National Futures Association NFA ). 

The Sponsor contributed 1,000 to each Fund
on February 14, 2022, in exchange for 40 shares of the respective Funds, representing an initial contribution of capital to
the Funds. On March 23, 2022, the Sponsor redeemed their units of each Fund. The offering of each Funds shares is registered with
the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Funds currently offer one class of shares. 

The Sub-Adviser 

Currently, the Sponsor employs Teucrium Trading,
LLC Teucrium or the Sub-Adviser ), a limited liability company, as a CTA to each Fund. Teucrium receives
a service fee from the Sponsor in an amount equal to the greater of (i) 0.05 per year of the value of the Fund s average daily
net assets or (ii) 30,000 per year. Teucrium and its subsidiaries manages approximately 555 million in assets as of December 31, 2022
in portfolios with a variety of investment objectives. Teucrium Investment Advisors, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Teucrium Trading,
LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company, which was formed on January 4, 2022. Teucrium Investment Advisors, LLC is a U.S. SEC registered
investment advisor. 

1 

The Sub-Adviser, under authority delegated by
the Sponsor, is responsible for reallocating assets within the portfolios with a view to achieving each Fund s investment objective.
In its capacity as a commodity trading advisor, the Sub-Adviser is an organization which, for compensation or profit, advises others
as to the value of or the advisability of buying or selling futures contracts. 

Beginning January 1, 2023, the Sponsor employs
Teucrium to perform certain administrative services for each Fund. Teucrium will receive a service fee from the Sponsor in an amount
equal to the greater of (i) 0.10 of the value of the Fund s average daily net assets, or (ii) 6,250 per month, capped at 25,000
per month for each Fund. 

The Fund Investment Objective and Strategy 

Investment Objective of the Matching
Fund 

The Matching Fund seeks investment results, before
fees and expenses, that over time, match (1x) the performance of the Index. If the Matching Fund is successful in meeting its objective,
its value, before fees and expenses, should gain approximately as much on a percentage basis as the level of the Index when the Index
rises. Conversely, its value, before fees and expenses, should lose approximately as much on a percentage basis as the level of the Index
when the Index declines. The Matching Fund acquires exposure primarily through SPIKES futures contracts. 

Investment Objective of the Leveraged
Fund 

The Leveraged Fund seeks daily investment results,
before fees and expenses, that correspond to one-and-a-half times (1.5x) the performance of the Index for a single day. The Leveraged
Fund does not seek to achieve its stated objective over a period greater than a single day. A single day is measured
from the time the Leveraged Fund calculates its NAV to the time of the Leveraged Fund s next NAV calculation. 

If the Leveraged Fund is successful in meeting
its objective, its value on a given day, before fees and expenses, should gain approximately one-and-a-half times as much on a percentage
basis as the level of the Index when the Index rises. Conversely, its value on a given day, before fees and expenses, should lose approximately
one-and-a-half times as much on a percentage basis as the level of the Index when the Index declines. The Leveraged Fund acquires long
exposure through any one of or combinations of Financial Instruments, such that the Leveraged Fund typically has exposure intended to
approximate one-and-a-half times (1.5x) the Index at the time of its NAV calculation. 

Principal Investment Strategies 

In seeking to achieve the Funds investment
objectives, the Sponsor or the Sub-Adviser determines the type, quantity and mix of investment positions that the Sponsor or the Sub-Adviser
believes, in combination, should produce returns consistent with the Funds objectives. Except as described in the third paragraph
of this sub-section, the Sponsor and the Sub-Adviser currently have no intention for either Fund to invest in swap agreements. 

Each Fund intends to meet its investment objective
by taking positions in SPIKES futures contracts. Each Fund takes long positions in SPIKES futures contracts in seeking to meet its investment
objective. 

In the event accountability rules, price limits,
position limits, margin limits or other exposure limits are reached with respect to SPIKES futures contracts, or if the market for a
specific futures contract experiences emergencies (e.g., natural disaster, terrorist attack or an act of God) or disruptions (e.g., a
trading halt or a flash crash) or in situations where the Sponsor or Sub-Adviser deems it impractical or inadvisable to buy or sell SPIKES
futures contracts (such as during periods of market volatility or illiquidity, or when trading in SPY is halted), the Sponsor or the
Sub-Adviser may cause a Fund to obtain exposure to the Index by investing primarily in VIX Related Positions, which the Sponsor expects
to consist primarily of VIX futures contracts. However, in the event accountability rules, price limits, position limits, margin limits
or other exposure limits are reached with respect to VIX futures contracts, or if the market for a specific futures contract experiences
emergencies or disruptions or in situations where the Sponsor or Sub-Adviser deems it impractical or inadvisable to buy or sell VIX futures
contracts, the Sponsor or the Sub-Adviser may cause a Fund to obtain exposure to the Index by investing in VIX swap agreements. Each
Fund expects to invest in swap agreements in the future only if such Fund s accountability rules, price limits, position limits,
margin limits or other exposure limits are reached with respect to both SPIKES and VIX futures contracts, or if the market for a specific
futures contract experiences emergencies or disruptions where the Sponsor or Sub-Adviser deems it impractical or inadvisable to buy or
sell both SPIKES and VIX futures contracts. 

2 

Each Fund will also hold cash or cash equivalents
such as U.S. Treasury securities or other high credit quality, short-term fixed-income or similar securities (such as shares of money
market funds) as collateral for Financial Instruments and pending investment in Financial Instruments. 

The Funds are not actively managed by traditional
methods (e.g., by effecting changes in the composition of a portfolio on the basis of judgments relating to economic, financial
and market conditions with a view toward obtaining positive results under all market conditions). Each Fund seeks to remain fully invested
at all times in Financial Instruments and money market instruments that, in combination, provide exposure to the Index consistent with
its investment objective without regard to market conditions, trends or direction. 

Each Fund seeks to position its portfolio so
that its exposure to the Index is consistent with its investment objective. The time and manner in which a Fund rebalances its portfolio
may vary from day to day depending upon market conditions and other circumstances at the discretion of the Sponsor or the Sub-Adviser.
The impact of the Index s movements each day will affect whether the Leveraged Fund s portfolio needs to be rebalanced and
the amount of such rebalance. For example, the Leveraged Fund s long exposure will need to be increased on days when the Index
rises and decreased on days when the Index falls. 

The compounding of each day s return over
time means that the return of the Leveraged Fund for a period longer than a single day will be the result of each day s returns
compounded over the period, which will very likely differ in amount and possibly even direction from one-and-a-half times (1.5x) the
return of the Index for the same period. These differences can be significant. The Leveraged Fund will lose money if the Index s
performance is flat over time, and the Leveraged Fund can lose money regardless of the performance of the Index, as a result of daily
rebalancing, the Index s volatility and compounding. 

The amount of exposure each Fund has to a specific
combination of Financial Instruments may differ with each particular Fund and may be changed without shareholder approval. The amount
of a Fund s exposure should be expected to change from time to time at the discretion of the Sponsor based on market conditions
and other factors. In addition, the Sponsor has the power to change the Funds investment objectives, benchmark or investment strategy
at any time, without shareholder approval, subject to applicable regulatory requirements. 

Description of the Funds Index 

T3 SPIKE Front 2 Futures Index 

The Funds seek exposure to forward equity market
volatility by obtaining exposure to the components of the Index. The Index is an investable index that measures the daily performance
of a theoretical portfolio of first- and second-month futures contracts on the SPIKES Index. The Index is intended to reflect the returns
that are potentially available through an unleveraged investment in the SPIKES futures contracts comprising the Index, by measuring its
daily performance from the weighted average price of SPIKES futures contracts. 

The Index employs rules for selecting the SPIKES
futures contracts comprising the Index and a formula to calculate a level for the Index from the prices of these SPIKES futures contracts
(these rules and the formula may be changed from time to time, and without notice, by T3 Index). As of December 31, 2022, the SPIKES
futures contracts comprising the Index represented the prices of two near-term SPIKES futures contracts, replicating a position that
rolls the nearest month SPIKES futures contracts to the next month SPIKES futures contracts at or close to the daily settlement price
via a Trade-At-Settlement TAS program or similar mechanism towards the end of each business day in equal fractional amounts
over the course of the near-term expiration cycle. This results in a constant weighted average maturity of one month. 

3 

The level of the Index will be published by Bloomberg
Finance L.P. and Reuters in real time and at the close of trading on each Index business day under the ticker symbol: SPKF. 

The performance of the Index is influenced by
the performance of SPY (and options thereon) and the performance of the SPIKES Index. A description of SPIKES futures contracts, the
SPIKES Index and SPY follows. 

SPIKES Futures Contracts 

The Index is comprised of SPIKES futures contracts.
SPIKES futures contracts were launched for trading by the Minneapolis Grain Exchange, LLC MGEX ), via the CME GLOBEX 
platform, on December 14, 2020. SPIKES futures contracts allow investors to invest based on their view of the forward implied market
volatility of SPY. Investors that believe the forward implied market volatility of SPY will increase may buy SPIKES futures contracts.
Conversely, investors that believe that the forward implied market volatility of SPY will decline may sell SPIKES futures contracts. 

While the SPIKES Index represents a measure of
the expected 30-day volatility of SPY, the prices of SPIKES futures contracts are based on the current expectation of the expected 30-day volatility
of SPY on the expiration date of the futures contract. Since the SPIKES Index and SPIKES futures contracts are two distinctly different
measures, the SPIKES Index and SPIKES futures contracts generally behave quite differently. 

An important consequence of the spot/forward
relationship between the SPIKES Index and SPIKES futures contracts (and therefore between the SPIKES Index and the Funds) is that the
price of a SPIKES futures contract can be lower, equal to or higher than the SPIKES Index, depending on whether the market expects volatility
to be lower, equal to or higher in the 30-day forward period covered by the SPIKES futures contract than in the 30-day spot
period covered by the SPIKES Index. Therefore, the performance of SPIKES futures contracts should be expected to be very different than
the performance of the SPIKES Index as there is no direct relationship between the two measures. As a result, since the performance of
the Funds is linked to the performance of the SPIKES futures contracts included in the Index, the Funds have performed, and should be
expected to perform, differently from the SPIKES Index. 

Generally, the regular trading session for SPIKES
futures contracts is from 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time E.T. to 4:15 p.m. E.T. Extended trading sessions also continue from
5:00 p.m. E.T. to 9:30 a.m. E.T. the next day and from 4:30 p.m. E.T. to 5:00 p.m. E.T. 

SPIKES futures contracts were initially launched
for trading by MGEX, via the CME GLOBEX platform, on November 18, 2019. Trading was subsequently halted on November 29, 2019 while
certain regulatory matters were resolved with the SEC. The SPIKES futures contracts were re-launched on December 14, 2020 for trading
by MGEX. 

SPIKES Volatility Index (the SPIKES
Index 

The SPIKES Index is an index designed to measure
the implied volatility of SPY over 30 days in the future. The SPIKES Index is calculated based on the prices of certain put and call
options on SPY. The SPIKES Index is reflective of the premium paid by investors for certain options linked to the level of the S P
500. 

During periods of rising investor uncertainty, including
 periods of market instability, the implied level of volatility of SPY typically increases and, consequently, the prices of options
 linked to SPY typically increase (assuming all other relevant factors remain constant or have negligible changes). This, in turn,
 causes the level of the SPIKES Index to increase. 

During periods of declining investor uncertainty, the implied
 level of volatility of SPY typically decreases and, consequently, the prices of options linked to SPY typically decrease (assuming
 all other relevant factors remain constant or have negligible changes). This, in turn, causes the level of the SPIKES Index to decrease. 

Volatility, and the level of the SPIKES Index,
can increase (or decrease) without warning. The SPIKES Index was developed by T3 Index and is calculated, maintained and published by
Miami International Securities Exchange, LLC MIAX via the Options Price Reporting Authority OPRA ). T3
Index may change the methodology used to determine the SPIKES Index and has no obligation to continue to publish, and may discontinue
the publication of, the SPIKES Index. The SPIKES Index is reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P. and Reuters under the ticker symbol SPIKE. 

4 

SPDR S P 500 ETF Trust SPY 

The SPDR S P 500 ETF Trust is a unit
investment trust that holds a portfolio of common stocks that closely tracks the price performance and dividend yield of the S P
500 Composite Price Index S P 500 ). Shares of the SPDR S P 500 ETF Trust trade on SEC-registered U.S. securities
exchanges under the symbol SPY. 

The S P 500 is an index that measures large-cap U.S.
stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate
investment trusts selected by the S P U.S. Index Committee through a non-mechanical process that factors in criteria such
as domicile, investible weight factor, liquidity, market capitalization and financial viability. Changes to index composition are made
on an as-needed basis. There is no scheduled reconstitution. Rather, changes in response to corporate actions and market developments
can be made at any time. S P publishes the S P 500. The daily calculation of the current value of the S P 500 is based on
the relative value of the aggregate market value of the common stocks of 500 companies as of a particular time compared to the aggregate
average initial market value of the common stocks of 500 similar companies at the time of the inception of the S P 500. The 500 companies
are not the 500 largest publicly traded companies and not all 500 companies may be listed on U.S. securities exchanges. Constituent selection
is at the discretion of the Index Committee and is based on the eligibility criteria. Sector balance, as measured by a comparison of
each GICS sector s weight in an index with its weight in the S P Total Market Index, in the relevant market capitalization
range, is also considered in the selection of companies for the indices. S P may from time to time, in its sole discretion, add companies
to, or delete companies from, the S P 500 to achieve the objectives stated above. Relevant criteria employed by S P include the
viability of the particular company, the extent to which that company represents the industry group to which it is assigned, the extent
to which the company s common stock is widely held and the market value and trading activity of the common stock of that company. 

Related Positions 

As noted above, the Funds may seek to achieve
their investment objectives by investing primarily in VIX Related Positions. VIX is an alternate measure of market volatility to the
SPIKES Index and measures the implied volatility of the S P 500 instead of the SPY. VIX is expected to perform substantially identically
to the SPIKES Index. Correlation between daily closes and daily index returns of the SPIKES Index and the VIX are expected to be 99.9 .
Historically, variances between the value of VIX and the SPIKES Index have been attributable to errors in index calculation or, at the
end of each quarter, the impact of quarterly dividends that have accumulated in SPY and may slightly affect the value of the SPIKES Index
without materially affecting the value of the SPIKES futures contracts. 

VIX Futures Contracts 

VIX futures contracts were first launched for
trading by the CBOE in 2004. VIX futures contracts allow investors to invest based on their view of the forward implied market volatility
of the S P 500. Investors that believe the forward implied market volatility of the S P 500 will increase may buy VIX futures
contracts. Conversely, investors that believe that the forward implied market volatility of the S P 500 will decline may sell VIX
futures contracts. 

While the VIX represents a measure of the current
expected volatility of the S P 500 over the next 30 days, the prices of VIX futures contracts are based on the current expectation
of the expected 30-day volatility of the S P 500 on the expiration date of the futures contract. Since the VIX and VIX futures contracts
are two distinctly different measures, the VIX and VIX futures contracts generally behave quite differently. 

An important consequence of the spot/forward
relationship between the VIX and VIX futures contracts (and therefore between the VIX and the Funds) is that the price of a VIX futures
contract can be lower, equal to or higher than the VIX, depending on whether the market expects volatility to be lower, equal to or higher
in the 30-day forward period covered by the VIX futures contract than in the 30-day spot period covered by the VIX. Therefore, the performance
of VIX futures contracts should be expected to be very different than the performance of the VIX as there is no direct relationship between
the two measures. 

5 

The VIX 

The VIX is an index designed to measure the implied
volatility of the S P 500 over 30 days in the future. The VIX is calculated based on the prices of certain put and call options on
the S P 500. The VIX is reflective of the premium paid by investors for certain options linked to the level of the S P 500. 

During periods of rising investor uncertainty, including
 periods of market instability, the implied level of volatility of the S P 500 typically increases and, consequently, the prices
 of options linked to the S P 500 typically increase (assuming all other relevant factors remain constant or have negligible changes).
 This, in turn, causes the level of the VIX to increase. 

During periods of declining investor uncertainty, the implied
 level of volatility of the S P 500 typically decreases and, consequently, the prices of options linked to the S P 500 typically
 decrease (assuming all other relevant factors remain constant or have negligible changes). This, in turn, causes the level of the
 VIX to decrease. 

Volatility, and the level of the VIX, can increase
(or decrease) without warning. The VIX was developed by the CBOE and is calculated, maintained and published by the CBOE. The CBOE may
change the methodology used to determine the VIX and has no obligation to continue to publish, and may discontinue the publication of,
the VIX. The VIX is reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P. under the ticker symbol VIX. 

The S P 500 

The S P 500 is an index that measures large-cap
U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate
investment trusts selected by the S P U.S. Index Committee through a non-mechanical process that factors in criteria such as liquidity,
price, market capitalization and financial viability. Reconstitution occurs both on a quarterly and ongoing basis. S P publishes
the S P 500. The daily calculation of the current value of the S P 500 is based on the relative value of the aggregate market
value of the common stocks of 500 companies as of a particular time compared to the aggregate average initial market value of the common
stocks of 500 similar companies at the time of the inception of the S P 500. The 500 companies are not the 500 largest publicly traded
companies and not all 500 companies are listed on the Exchange. S P chooses companies for inclusion in the S P 500 with the objective
of achieving a distribution by broad industry groupings that approximates the distribution of these groupings in the common stock population
of the U.S. equity market. S P may from time to time, in its sole discretion, add companies to, or delete companies from, the S P
500 to achieve the objectives stated above. Relevant criteria employed by S P include the viability of the particular company, the
extent to which that company represents the industry group to which it is assigned, the extent to which the company s common stock
is widely held and the market value and trading activity of the common stock of that company. 

Margin Requirements and Marking-to-Market Futures Positions 

Initial margin is an amount of
funds that must be deposited by a commodity trader with the trader s broker to initiate an open position in futures contracts.
A margin deposit is like a cash performance bond. It helps assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts that he or
she purchases or sells. Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a small percentage of the
aggregate purchase or sales price of the contract. The amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is
set by the exchange on which the contract is traded. Brokerage firms, such as the Funds clearing broker, carrying accounts for
traders in commodity interest contracts may require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. 

Futures contracts are marked to market at the
end of each trading day and the margin required with respect to such contracts is adjusted accordingly. This process of marking-to-market
is designed to prevent losses from accumulating in any futures account. Therefore, if a Fund s futures positions have
declined in value, the Fund may be required to post variation margin to cover this decline. Alternatively, if
a Fund s futures positions have increased in value, this increase will be credited to the Fund s account. 

6 

The Funds Service Providers 

Administrator, Custodian, Fund Accountant, and Transfer Agent 

U.S. Bank, a national banking association,
with its principal office in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, provides custody and fund accounting to the Trust and Funds (the Custodian ).
Its affiliate, U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, is the transfer agent Transfer Agent for Fund shares and administrator for
the Funds Administrator ). It performs certain administrative and accounting services for the Funds and prepares certain
SEC, NFA and CFTC reports on behalf of the Funds. (U.S. Bank and U.S. Bancorp Fund Services are referred to collectively hereinafter
as U.S. Bank ). 

Distributor 

Foreside Fund Services, LLC (the Distributor serves as the distributor for the Funds and assists the Sponsor and the Administrator with functions and duties relating to distribution
and marketing, which include the following: taking creation and redemption orders, and consulting with the marketing staff of the Sponsor
and its affiliates with respect to compliance matters in connection with marketing efforts. The Distributor s principal business
address is Three Canal Plaza, Suite 100, Portland, ME 04101. The Distributor is a broker-dealer registered with FINRA. 

The Funds pay the Distributor an annual fee for
its distribution services equal to a range from 0.005 - 0.01 per annum of each Fund s assets during each year calculated in U.S.
dollars; subject to an annual minimum fee based on the total number of funds, at 15,000 per fund. 

Delaware Trustee 

Wilmington Trust, N.A. (the Trustee serves as the Trust s corporate trustee as required under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act DSTA ). The Trustee receives
for its services an annual fee of 4,000 per Fund. The Trustee will accept service of legal process on the Trust in the State of Delaware
and will make certain filings under the DSTA. Under the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor has exclusive management and control of all
aspects of the Trust s business. The Trustee does not owe any other duties to the Trust, the Sponsor or the shareholders of the
Funds. The Trustee has no duty or liability to supervise the performance of the Sponsor, nor does the Trustee have any liability
for the acts or omissions of the Sponsor. The Trustee s principal offices are located at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington,
Delaware 19890-0001. The Trustee is unaffiliated with the Sponsor. 

Futures Commission Merchant 

The Funds use ADM Investor Services, Inc. ADMIS as their futures commission merchant FCM ). ADMIS serves as a clearing broker to the Trust and the Funds and as such arranges
for the execution and clearing of the Funds futures transactions. The FCM acts as clearing broker for many other funds and individuals.
A variety of executing brokers may execute futures transactions on behalf of the Funds. The executing brokers will give up all such transactions
to an FCM. 

ADMIS is a registered futures commission merchant
and is a member of the National Futures Association. Its main office is located at 141 W. Jackson Blvd., Suite 2100A, Chicago, IL 60604.
In the normal course of its business, ADMIS is involved in various legal actions incidental to its commodities business. None of these
actions are expected either individually or in aggregate to have a material adverse impact on ADMIS. 

Neither ADMIS nor any of its principals have
been the subject of any material administrative, civil or criminal actions within the past five years, except for the following matters. 

In a CFTC Order entered on July 12, 2019 the
CFTC found that between December 1, 2014 and September 24, 2017 ADMIS failed to diligently supervise the handling by its employees and
agents of commodity interest accounts as well as the activities of its employees and agents relating to its business as an FCM in violation
of CFTC Regulation 166.3. The order imposed a civil monetary penalty of 250,000. 

On January 28, 2020, a Commodity Exchange Business
Conduct Committee Panel Panel found that between 2012 and 2018, ADMIS learned that one of its brokerage firm clients
automatically offset omnibus account positions in futures contracts using the FIFO method and was misreporting its open positions. As
a result, inaccurate open interest data was published to the market. The Panel found that ADMIS failed to require the client to provide
accurate and timely owner and control information and continued to report inaccurate information regarding the ownership and control
of the positions through May 2018 in violation of Exchange Rules 432.Q., 432.X., and 561.C. Additionally, on multiple occasions continuing
through May 2018, ADMIS provided the Exchange with inaccurate audit trail data provided by the client. The Panel found that ADMIS violated
Exchange Rule 536.B.2. 

7 

Finally, the Panel found that ADMIS failed to
take effective measures to ensure the accuracy of its client s purchase and sales data reporting and its responses to the Exchange,
and failed to properly supervise employees. The Panel therefore found that ADMIS violated Exchange Rule 432.W. In accordance with an
offer of settlement the Panel ordered ADMIS to pay a fine of 650,000. 

ADMIS is not affiliated with the Sponsor or the
Funds. Therefore, the Sponsor and the Funds do not believe that the Funds have any conflicts of interest with the ADMIS or its trading
principals arising from its acting as the Fund s FCM. 

The FCM has not passed upon the adequacy or accuracy
of this annual report on Form 10-K. Additionally, the FCM does not provide any commodity trading advice regarding the Funds trading
activities. Investors should not rely upon the FCM in deciding whether to invest in the Funds or retain their interests in the Funds.
Investors should also note that the Funds may select additional clearing brokers or replace ADMIS as the Funds clearing broker. 

Introducing Broker 

The Funds intend to use RCM Alternatives RCM as their introducing broker. RCM provides services to the Funds in connection with the purchase and sale of futures contracts that may
be purchased or sold by or through ADMIS for a Fund s account. ADMIS pays RCM in connection with certain trades on behalf of the
Funds. 

Investors should be advised that RCM is not affiliated
with or acting as a supervisor of the Funds or the Funds commodity pool operators, commodity trading advisors, investment managers,
trustees, general partners, administrators, transfer agents, registrars or organizers, as applicable. Therefore, neither the Sponsor
nor the Funds believes that there are any conflicts of interest with RCM or its trading principals arising from its acting as the Funds 
introducing broker. 

RCM has not passed upon the adequacy or accuracy
of this annual report on Form 10-K. Additionally, the introducing broker does not provide any commodity trading advice regarding the
Funds trading activities. Investors should not rely upon the introducing broker in deciding whether to invest in the Funds or
retain their interests in the Funds. 

There have been no material administrative, civil
or criminal actions brought, pending or concluded against RCM or its principals in the past five years. 

Legal Counsel 

Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP serves as legal
counsel to the Trust and the Funds. 

Fees of the Funds 

Sponsor Fee and CTA Fees 

Each Fund pays the Sponsor a Sponsor Fee, monthly
in arrears, in the following amounts: 

Fund 
 
 Sponsor Fee 
 
 ConvexityShares Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF 
 
 0.79 per annum of the daily NAV of the Fund 
 
 ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF 
 
 0.65 per annum of the daily NAV of the Fund 

8 

The Sponsor Fee is paid
in consideration of the Sponsor s services related to the management of the Funds business and affairs, including the provision
of commodity futures trading advisory services. From the Sponsor Fee, the Sponsor has contractually agreed to pay all of the routine
operational, administrative, and other ordinary expenses of the Funds, excluding brokerage fees, interest expenses, and certain non-recurring
or extraordinary fees and expenses. The Sponsor Fee is paid in consideration of the Sponsor s management services to the Funds. 

Teucrium receives a
service fee from the Sponsor in an amount equal to the greater of (i) 0.05 per year of the value of each Fund s average daily
net assets, or (ii) 30,000 per year. 

Routine Operational, Administrative
and Other Ordinary Expenses 

The Sponsor pays all
of the routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of each Fund, including, but not limited to, fees and expenses
of the Administrator, Custodian, Transfer Agent, Distributor, licensing fees, accounting and audit fees and expenses, tax preparation
expenses, legal fees, FINRA filing fees, individual K-1 preparation and mailing fees, and report preparation and mailing expenses. 

Futures Commission Merchant Fees 

The Funds pay to the FCM all brokerage commissions,
including applicable exchange fees, NFA fees, give-up fees, pit brokerage fees and other transaction related fees and expenses charged
in connection with its trading activities. The Sponsor estimates the brokerage commissions and fees will be approximately 0.20 of the
Matching Fund s NAV in any year, and 0.28 of the Leveraged Fund s NAV in any year, although the actual amount of brokerage
commissions and fees in any year or any part of any year may be greater. The Matching and Leveraged Funds incurred 2,051.85 and 3,118.95,
respectively, in brokerage commissions and fees for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Routine Operational, Administrative and Other Ordinary Expenses 

The Sponsor pays all routine operational, administrative
and other ordinary expenses of the Fund. These expenses include the following: 

Professional Fees 
 Professional fees include legal, auditing and tax-preparation
 related costs 

Distribution and Marketing Fees 
 Marketing fees consist of primarily, but not entirely, of fees paid
 to the Distributor and other costs related to the trading activities of a Fund 

Custodian and Administrator Fees 
 and Expenses 
 Custodian and Administrator fees consist of fees to U.S. Bank for the
 Funds administrative, accounting, transfer agent and custodian activities 

General and Administrative Fees 
 General and Administrative fees include, but are not limited to, insurance
 and printing costs, as well as various compliance and reporting costs 

The Funds do not reimburse the Sponsor for the
routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Funds. The Sponsor aggregates the routine operational, administrative
and other ordinary expenses related to the Funds, and allocates the costs associated to each Fund. The expenses may vary, but the Sponsor
retains the obligation to pay those expenses in lieu of the Funds. 

Non-Recurring Fees and Expenses 

The Funds pay all of their non-recurring and
unusual fees and expenses, if any, as determined by the Sponsor. Non-recurring and unusual fees and expenses are fees and expenses which
are unexpected or unusual in nature, such as legal claims and liabilities and litigation costs or indemnification or other unanticipated
expenses. Extraordinary fees and expenses also include material expenses which are not currently anticipated obligations of the Funds.
Routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses are not deemed extraordinary expenses. 

9 

Form of Shares 

Registered Form 

Shares of the Funds are issued in registered
form in accordance with the Trust Agreement for the Funds. U.S. Bank has been appointed registrar and transfer agent for the purpose
of transferring shares in certificated form. U.S. Bank keeps a record of all limited partners and holders of the shares in certificated
form in the registry (the Register ). The Sponsor recognizes transfers of shares in certificated form only if done in accordance
with the respective Trust Agreement. The beneficial interests in such shares are held in book-entry form through participants and/or
accountholders in the Depository Trust Company DTC ). 

Book Entry 

Individual certificates are not issued for the
shares. Instead, shares are represented by one or more global certificates, which are deposited by the Administrator with, or on behalf
of, DTC and registered in the name of Cede Co., as nominee for DTC. The global certificates evidence all of the shares outstanding
at any time. Shareholders are limited to (1) participants in DTC such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies DTC Participants ),
(2) banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies who maintain, either directly or indirectly, a custodial relationship with, or clear
through, a DTC Participant Indirect Participants ), and (3) persons holding interests in the shares through DTC Participants
or Indirect Participants, in each case who satisfy the requirements for transfers of shares. 

Shareholders will be shown on, and the transfer
of Shares will be effected only through, in the case of DTC Participants, the records maintained by the Depository and, in the case of
Indirect Participants and Shareholders holding through a DTC Participant or an Indirect Participant, through those records or the records
of the relevant DTC Participants or Indirect participants. Shareholders are expected to receive, from or through the broker or bank that
maintains the account through which the shareholders has purchased shares, a written confirmation relating to their purchase of shares. 

DTC 

DTC is a limited purpose trust company organized
under the laws of the State of New York and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the
meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to the provisions of Section
17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities for DTC Participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of transactions between
DTC Participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of DTC Participants. 

Calculating NAV 

Each Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market value of its total assets; 

Subtracting any liabilities; and 

Dividing that total by the total number of outstanding shares. 

The Administrator calculates the NAV of a Fund
once each NYSE Arca trading day. The NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m. E.T. The NAV in respect of a Fund means
the total assets of that Fund including, but not limited to, all cash and cash equivalents or other debt securities less total liabilities
of such Fund, consistently applied under the accrual method of accounting. In particular, the NAV includes any unrealized profit or loss
on open futures contracts (and Financial Instruments, if any), and any other credit or debit accruing to a Fund but unpaid or not received
by a Fund. The NAV per Share of a Fund is computed by dividing the value of the net assets of such Fund (i.e., the value of its total
assets less total liabilities) by its total number of Shares outstanding. Expenses and fees are accrued daily and taken into account
for purposes of determining the NAV. Each Fund s NAV is calculated on each day other than a day when NYSE Arca is closed for regular
trading. The Funds compute their NAV only once each trading day as of 4:00 p.m. E.T. (the NAV Calculation Time ), or an
earlier time as set forth on www.convexityshares.com. For example, a Fund may calculate its NAV as of an earlier time if NYSE Arca or
other exchange material to the valuation or operation of such Fund closes early. 

10 

In calculating the NAV of a Fund, futures contracts
traded on a U.S. exchange are calculated at their then current market value, which typically is based upon the settlement price or the
last traded price before the NAV time for that particular futures contract. The value of a Fund s non-exchange-traded Financial
Instruments typically is determined by applying the then-current disseminated levels for the Index to the terms of such Fund s non-exchange-traded Financial
Instruments. 

In certain circumstances (e.g., if the Sponsor
believes market quotations do not accurately reflect the fair value of a Fund investment, or a trading halt closes an exchange or market
early), the Sponsor may, in its sole discretion, choose to determine a fair value price as the basis for determining the market value
of such investment for such day. Such fair value prices would generally be determined based on available inputs about the current value
of the underlying SPIKES futures contract and would be based on principles that the Sponsor deems fair and equitable. 

The Funds may use a variety of money market instruments.
Money market instruments generally will be valued using market prices or at amortized cost. 

In addition, in order to provide updated information
relating to a Fund for use by investors and market professionals, an updated indicative fund value IFV is made available
through on-line information services throughout the core trading session hours of 9:30 a.m. E.T. to 4:00 p.m. E.T. on each trading day.
The IFV is calculated by using the prior day s closing NAV per share of a Fund as a base and updating throughout the trading
day changes in the value of the Financial Instruments held by a Fund. The IFV disseminated during NYSE Arca core trading session hours
should not be viewed as an actual real time update of the NAV, because the NAV is calculated only once at the end of each trading day
based upon the relevant end of day values of the Funds investments. 

The IFV is disseminated on a per share basis
every 15 seconds during regular NYSE Arca core trading session hours. The Shares of each Fund trade on NYSE Arca from 9:30 a.m.
to 4:00 p.m. E.T. In addition, U.S. Treasuries and money market instruments held by a Fund will be valued by the Administrator,
using rates and points received from client-approved third party vendors (such as Reuters and WM Company) and broker-dealer quotes. These
investments will not be included in the IFV. 

The NYSE Arca disseminates the IFV through the
facilities of CTA/CQ High Speed Lines. In addition, the IFV is published on the NYSE Arca s website and is available through on-line
information services such as Bloomberg and Reuters. 

Dissemination of the IFV provides additional
information that is not otherwise available to the public and is useful to investors and market professionals in connection with the
trading of a Fund s shares on the NYSE Arca. Investors and market professionals are able throughout the trading day to compare
the market price of a Fund s shares and the IFV. If the market price of a Fund s shares diverges significantly from the IFV,
market professionals will have an incentive to execute arbitrage trades. For example, if a Fund s shares appears to be trading
at a discount compared to the IFV, a market professional could buy the Fund shares on the NYSE Arca and take the opposite position in
Financial Instruments. Such arbitrage trades can tighten the tracking between the market price of a Fund s shares and the IFV and
thus can be beneficial to all market participants. 

Creation and Redemption of Shares 

Each Fund creates and redeems shares from time
to time, but only in one or more Creation Units or Redemption Units (together, Units ). A Unit consists of 25,000 shares.
The creation and redemption of Units are made in exchange for delivery to a Fund or the distribution by a Fund of the amount of cash
represented by the Units being created or redeemed, the amount of which is based on the combined NAV of the number of shares included
in the Units being created or redeemed determined as of 4:00 p.m. E.T. on the day the order to create or redeem Units is properly received. 

If permitted by the Sponsor in its sole discretion
with respect to a Fund, an Authorized Participant may also agree to enter into or arrange for an exchange of a futures contract for related
position EFCRP or block trade with the relevant Fund whereby the Authorized Participant would also transfer to such Fund
a number and type of exchange-traded futures contracts at or near the closing settlement price for such contracts on the purchase order
date. Similarly, the Sponsor in its sole discretion may agree with an Authorized Participant to use an EFCRP to effect an order to redeem
Units. All Authorized Participants would be able to use an EFCRP to effect orders to create or redeem Units. 

11 

An EFCRP is a technique permitted by the rules
of certain futures exchanges that, as utilized by a Fund in the Sponsor s discretion, would allow such Fund to take a position
in a futures contract from an Authorized Participant, or give futures contracts to an Authorized Participant, in the case of a redemption,
rather than to enter the futures exchange markets to obtain such a position. An EFCRP by itself will not change either party s
net risk position materially. Because the futures position that a Fund would otherwise need to take in order to meet its investment objective
can be obtained without unnecessarily impacting the financial or futures markets or their pricing, EFCRPs can generally be viewed as
transactions beneficial to a Fund. A block trade is a technique that permits a Fund to obtain a futures position without going through
the market auction system and can generally be viewed as a transaction beneficial to the Fund. 

Authorized Participants are the
only persons that may place orders to create and redeem Units. Authorized Participants must be (1) registered broker-dealers or other
securities market participants, such as banks and other financial institutions, that are not required to register as broker- dealers
to engage in securities transactions described below, and (2) DTC Participants. To become an Authorized Participant, a person must enter
into an Authorized Participant Agreement with the Sponsor. The Authorized Participant Agreement provides the procedures for the creation
and redemption of Units and for the delivery of the cash required for such creation and redemptions. The Authorized Participant Agreement
and the related procedures attached thereto may be amended by a Fund, without the consent of any limited partner or shareholder or Authorized
Participant. Authorized Participants will pay a transaction fee of 300 to the Custodian for each order they place to create or redeem
one or more Units. Authorized Participants also may pay a variable transaction fee to a Fund of up to 0.05 of the value of the Unit
that is purchased or redeemed unless the transaction fee is waived or otherwise adjusted by the Sponsor. The Sponsor provides such Authorized
Participant with prompt notice in advance of any such waiver or adjustment of the transaction fee. Authorized Participants may sell the
Shares included in the Units they purchase from the Funds to other investors. Authorized Participants who make deposits with a Fund in
exchange for Units receive no fees, commissions or other form of compensation or inducement of any kind from either the Funds or the
Sponsor, and no such person will have any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor or a Fund to effect any sale or resale of shares. 

Each Authorized Participant is required to be
registered as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and is a member in good standing with FINRA, or exempt from being or otherwise not
required to be registered as a broker-dealer or a member of FINRA, and qualified to act as a broker or dealer in the states or other
jurisdictions where the nature of its business so requires. Certain Authorized Participants may also be regulated under federal and state
banking laws and regulations. Each Authorized Participant has its own set of rules and procedures, internal controls and information
barriers as it determines is appropriate in light of its own regulatory regime. 

Authorized Participants may act for their own
accounts or as agents for broker-dealers, custodians and other securities market participants that wish to create or redeem Units. 

Persons interested in purchasing Creation Units
should contact the Sponsor or the Administrator to obtain the contact information for the Authorized Participants. Shareholders who are
not Authorized Participants are only able to redeem their Shares through an Authorized Participant. 

Under the Authorized Participant Agreement, the
Sponsor has agreed to indemnify the Authorized Participants against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the 1933 Act, and
to contribute to the payments the Authorized Participants may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. 

The following description of the procedures for
the creation and redemption of Units is only a summary and an investor should refer to the relevant provisions of the Trust Agreement
and the form of Authorized Participant Agreement for more detail. 

Creation Procedures 

On any business day, an Authorized Participant
may place an order with the Transfer Agent, and accepted by the Distributor, to create one or more Units. For purposes of processing
purchase and redemption orders for a Fund, a business day means any day other than a day when any of NYSE Arca, the New
York Stock Exchange, MGEX or other exchange material to the valuation or operation of the applicable Fund, or the calculation of the
SPIKES Index, options contracts underlying the SPIKES Index, SPIKES futures contracts or the Index is closed for regular trading. Purchase
orders must be placed by 2:00 p.m. E.T. This time may be modified by the Fund from time-to-time for any reason by amendment to the Authorized
Participant Agreement and/or applicable order form. The day on which a valid purchase order is received in accordance with the
terms of the Authorized Participant Agreement is referred to as the purchase order date. Purchase orders are irrevocable. By placing
a purchase order, and prior to delivery of the applicable Units, an Authorized Participant s DTC account will be charged the non-refundable
transaction fee due for the purchase order. 

12 

Determination of Required Payment 

The total payment required to create each Creation
Unit is the NAV of 25,000 shares on the purchase order date, but only if the required payment is timely received. 

Because orders to purchase Creation Units must
be placed no later than 2:00 p.m. E.T., but the total payment required to create a Creation Unit typically will not be determined until
4:00 p.m. E.T., on the date the purchase order is received, Authorized Participants will not know the total amount of the payment required
to create a Creation Unit at the time they submit an irrevocable purchase order. The NAV and the total amount of the payment required
to create a Creation Unit could rise or fall substantially between the time an irrevocable purchase order is submitted and the time the
amount of the purchase price in respect thereof is determined. 

Delivery of Cash 

Cash required for settlement will typically be
transferred to the Custodian through: (1) the Continuous Net Settlement (the CNS clearing process of NSCC, as such
processes have been enhanced to effect creations and redemptions of Creation Units; or (2) the facilities of DTC on a Delivery Versus
Payment DVP basis, which is the procedure in which the buyer s payment for securities is due at the time of delivery.
Security delivery and payment are simultaneous. If the Custodian does not receive the cash by the market close on the first business
day following the purchase order date T+1 ), such order may be charged interest for delayed settlement or cancelled. The
Sponsor reserves the right to extend the deadline for the Custodian to receive the cash required for settlement up to the second business
day following the purchase order date T+2 ). In the event a purchase order is cancelled, the Authorized Participant will
be responsible for reimbursing a Fund for all costs associated with cancelling the order including costs for repositioning the portfolio.
At its sole discretion, the Sponsor may agree to a delivery date other than T+2. Additional fees may apply for special settlement. The
Creation Unit will be delivered to the Authorized Participant upon the Custodian s receipt of the purchase amount. 

Delivery of Exchange of Futures Contract
for Related Position EFCRP Futures Contracts or Block Trades 

In the event that the Sponsor shall have determined
to permit the Authorized Participant to transfer futures contracts pursuant to an EFCRP or to engage in a block trade purchase of futures
contracts from the Authorized Participant with respect to a Fund, as well as to deliver cash, in the creation process, futures contracts
required for settlement must be transferred directly to a Fund s account at its FCM. If the cash is not received by the market
close on the second business day following the purchase order date (T+2), such order may be charged interest for delayed settlements
or cancelled. In the event a purchase order is cancelled, the Authorized Participant will be responsible for reimbursing a Fund for all
costs associated with cancelling the order including costs for repositioning the portfolio. At its sole discretion, the Sponsor may agree
to a delivery date other than T+2. The Creation Unit will be delivered to the Authorized Participant upon the Custodian s receipt
of the cash purchase amount and the futures contracts. 

Suspension of Purchase Orders 

In respect of either Fund, the Sponsor may, in
its discretion, suspend the right to purchase, or postpone the purchase settlement date: (1) for any period during which any of
the NYSE Arca, the New York Stock Exchange, MGEX or other exchange material to the valuation or operation of the Fund is closed or when
trading is suspended or restricted on such exchanges in any of the underlying SPIKES futures contracts; (2) for any period during
which an emergency exists as a result of which the fulfillment of a purchase order is not reasonably practicable; or (3) for such
other period as the Sponsor determines to be necessary for the protection of the shareholders. The Sponsor will not be liable to any
person or in any way for any loss or damages that may result from any such suspension or postponement. 

13 

Rejection of Purchase Orders 

The Sponsor acting by itself or through the Distributor
and/or Transfer Agent shall have the absolute right but no obligation to reject a purchase order if: 

it determines that the purchase order is not in proper
 form; 

the Sponsor believes that the purchase order would have
 adverse tax consequences to a Fund or its shareholders; 

the acceptance or receipt of the purchase order would,
 in the opinion of counsel to the Sponsor, be unlawful; or 

circumstances outside the control of the Sponsor, Distributor,
 Transfer Agent or Custodian make it, for all practical purposes, not feasible to process creations of Creation Units. 

None of the Sponsor, Distributor, Transfer Agent
or Custodian will be liable for the rejection of any purchase order. 

Redemption Procedures 

The procedures by which an Authorized Participant
can redeem one or more Units mirror the procedures for the creation of Units. On any business day, an Authorized Participant may place
an order with the Transfer Agent, and accepted by the Distributor, to redeem one or more Units. Redemption orders must be placed by 2:00
p.m. E.T. This time may be modified by the Fund from time-to-time for any reason by amendment to the Authorized Participant Agreement
and/or applicable order form. A redemption order so received will be effective on the date it is received in satisfactory form in accordance
with the terms of the Authorized Participant Agreement. The redemption procedures allow Authorized Participants to redeem Units and do
not entitle an individual shareholder to redeem any shares in an amount less than a Redemption Unit, or to redeem Units other than through
an Authorized Participant. The day on which the Distributor receives a valid redemption order is the redemption order date. Redemption
orders are irrevocable. 

By placing a redemption order, an Authorized
Participant agrees to deliver the Units to be redeemed through DTC s book-entry system to a Fund not later than 12:00 p.m. E.T.,
on the next business day immediately following the redemption order date (T+1). The Sponsor reserves the right to extend the deadline
for a Fund to receive the Creation Units required for settlement up to the second Business Day following the redemption order date (T+2). 
By placing a redemption order, and prior to receipt of the redemption proceeds, an Authorized Participant s DTC account will be
charged the non-refundable transaction fee due for the redemption order. At its sole discretion, the Sponsor may agree to a delivery
date other than T+2. Additional fees may apply for special settlement. 

Upon request of an Authorized Participant made
at the time of a redemption order, the Sponsor at its sole discretion may determine, in addition to delivering redemption proceeds, to
transfer futures contracts to the Authorized Participant pursuant to an EFCRP or to a block trade sale of futures contracts to the Authorized
Participant. 

Determination of Redemption Proceeds 

The redemption proceeds from a Fund consist of
the cash redemption amount and, if permitted by the Sponsor in its sole discretion with respect to a Fund, an EFCRP or block trade with
the relevant Fund as described above. The redemption proceeds from a Fund consist of a cash redemption amount equal to the NAV of
the number of Units requested in the Authorized Participant s redemption order on the redemption order date, less transaction fees
and any amounts attributable to any applicable EFCRP or block trade. 

Because orders to redeem Units must be placed
no later than 2:00 p.m. E.T., but the total amount of redemption proceeds typically will not be determined until 4:00 p.m. E.T., on the
date the redemption order is received, Authorized Participants will not know the total amount of the redemption proceeds at the time
they submit an irrevocable redemption order. The NAV and the total amount of redemption proceeds could rise or fall substantially between
the time an irrevocable redemption order is submitted and the time the amount of redemption proceeds in respect thereof is determined. 

14 

Delivery of Redemption Proceeds 

The redemption proceeds due from a Fund will
be delivered to the Authorized Participant at 12:00 p.m. E.T., on the second business day immediately following the redemption order
date if, by such time on the business day immediately following the redemption order date, the Fund s DTC account has been credited
with the Units to be redeemed. A Fund should be credited through: (1) the CNS clearing process of NSCC, as such processes have been
enhanced to effect creations and redemptions of Units; or (2) the facilities of DTC on a DVP basis. If a Fund s DTC account
has not been credited with all of the Units to be redeemed by such time, the redemption distribution is delivered to the extent whole
Units are received. Any remainder of the redemption distribution is delivered on the next business day to the extent remaining whole
Units are received if (1) the applicable Fund receives the fee applicable to the extension of the redemption distribution date which
the Sponsor may, from time to time, determine and (2) the remaining Units to be redeemed are credited to the Fund s DTC account
by 12:00 p.m. E.T., on such next business day. Any further outstanding amount of the redemption order shall be cancelled. The Authorized
Participant will be responsible for reimbursing a Fund for all costs associated with cancelling the order including costs for repositioning
the portfolio. 

The Sponsor may cause the redemption distribution
to be delivered notwithstanding that the Units to be redeemed are not credited to a Fund s DTC account by 12:00 p.m. E.T., on the
second business day immediately following the redemption order date if the Authorized Participant has collateralized its obligation to
deliver the Units through DTC s book entry system on such terms as the Sponsor may from time to time determine. 

In the event that the Authorized Participant
shall have requested, and the Sponsor shall have determined to permit the Authorized Participant to receive futures contracts pursuant
to an EFCRP, as well as the cash redemption proceeds, in the redemption process, futures contracts required for settlement shall be transferred
directly from a Fund s account at its FCM to the account of the Authorized Participant at its FCM. 

Suspension or Rejection of Redemption Orders 

In respect of either Fund, the Sponsor may, in
its discretion, suspend the right of redemption, or postpone the redemption settlement date, (1) for any period during which any of the
NYSE Arca, the New York Stock Exchange, MGEX or other exchange material to the valuation or operation of the Funds is closed or when
trading is suspended or restricted on such exchanges in any of the underlying SPIKES futures contracts; (2) for any period during which
an emergency exists as a result of which the redemption distribution is not reasonably practicable; or (3) for such other period as the
Sponsor determines to be necessary for the protection of the shareholders. For example, the Sponsor may determine that it is necessary
to suspend redemptions to allow for the orderly liquidation of a Fund s assets at an appropriate value to fund a redemption. If
the Sponsor has difficulty liquidating its positions, e.g., because of a market disruption event in the futures markets or a suspension
of trading by the exchange where the futures contracts are listed, it may be appropriate to suspend redemptions until such time as such
circumstances are rectified. None of the Sponsor, the Distributor, the Transfer Agent, the Administrator, or the Custodian will be liable
to any person or in any way for any loss or damages that may result from any such suspension or postponement. 

Redemption orders must be made in whole Units.
The Sponsor will reject a redemption order if the order is not in proper form as described in the Authorized Participant Agreement or
if the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of its counsel, might be unlawful. The Sponsor may also reject a redemption order if
the number of shares being redeemed would reduce the remaining outstanding shares to 50,000 shares (minimum NYSE Arca listing requirement)
or less, unless the Sponsor has reason to believe that the placer of the redemption order does in fact possess all the outstanding shares
and can deliver them. None of the Sponsor, the Distributor or the Administrator will be liable to any person or in any way for any loss
or damages that may result from any such suspension or postponement. 

Creation and Redemption Transaction Fee 

To compensate a Fund for its expenses in connection
with the creation and redemption of Units, an Authorized Participant is required to pay a transaction fee to the Custodian of 300 per
order to create or redeem Units, regardless of the number of Units in such order, and may pay a variable transaction fee to a Fund of
up to 0.05 of the value of a Unit. An order may include multiple Units. The transaction fee may be reduced, increased or otherwise changed
by the Sponsor. 

15 

Special Settlement 

The Sponsor may allow for early settlement of
purchase or redemption orders. Such arrangements may result in additional charges to the Authorized Participant. 

Tax Responsibility 

Authorized Participants are responsible for any
transfer tax, sales or use tax, stamp tax, recording tax, value added tax or similar tax or governmental charge applicable to the creation
or redemption of Units, regardless of whether or not such tax or charge is imposed directly on the Authorized Participant, and agree
to indemnify the Sponsor and a Fund if they are required by law to pay any such tax, together with any applicable penalties, additions
to tax and interest thereon. 

Secondary Market Transactions 

As noted, the Funds create and redeem shares
from time to time, but only in one or more Creation Units or Redemption Units. The creation and redemption of Units are only made in
exchange for delivery to a Fund or the distribution by the Funds of the amount of cash represented by the Units being created or redeemed,
the amount of which will be based on the aggregate NAV of the number of shares included in the Units being created or redeemed determined
on the day the order to create or redeem Units is properly received. 

As discussed above, Authorized Participants are
the only persons that may place orders to create and redeem Units. Authorized Participants must be registered broker-dealers or other
securities market participants, such as banks and other financial institutions that are not required to register as broker-dealers to
engage in securities transactions. An Authorized Participant is under no obligation to create or redeem Units, and an Authorized Participant
is under no obligation to offer to the public shares of any Units it does create. Authorized Participants that do offer to the public
shares from the Units they create will do so at per-share offering prices that are expected to reflect, among other factors, the trading
price of the shares on the NYSE Arca, the NAV of the Funds at the time the Authorized Participant purchased the Creation Units and the
NAV of the shares at the time of the offer of the shares to the public, the supply of and demand for shares at the time of sale, and
the liquidity of the futures contract market. The prices of shares offered by Authorized Participants are expected to fall between a
Fund s NAV and the trading price of the shares on the NYSE Arca at the time of sale. Shares initially comprising the same Unit
but offered by Authorized Participants to the public at different times may have different offering prices. An order for one or more
Units may be placed by an Authorized Participant on behalf of multiple clients. Authorized Participants who make deposits with a Fund
in exchange for Units receive no fees, commissions or other form of compensation or inducement of any kind from the Funds or the Sponsor,
and no such person has any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor or the Funds to effect any sale or resale of shares. Shares trade
in the secondary market on the NYSE Arca. Shares may trade in the secondary market at prices that are lower or higher relative to their
NAV per share. The amount of the discount or premium in the trading price relative to the NAV per share may be influenced by various
factors, including the number of investors who seek to purchase or sell shares in the secondary market and the liquidity of the futures
contracts market. 

There are a minimum number of Units and associated
shares specified for the Funds. Once the minimum number of Units is reached, there can be no more Unit redemptions until there has been
a Creation Unit. In such case, market makers may be less willing to purchase shares from investors in the secondary market, which may
in turn limit the ability of shareholders of the Funds to sell their shares in the secondary market. As of the date of this prospectus
these minimum levels for the Funds are 50,000 shares, representing two Units. 

All proceeds from the sale of Creation Units
will be invested as quickly as practicable in the investments described in this prospectus. The Funds cash and investments are
held through the Custodian, in accounts with the Funds commodity futures brokers or in demand deposits with highly-rated financial
institutions. There is no stated maximum time period for the Funds operations and the Funds will continue until all shares are
redeemed or the Fund is liquidated pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement. 

16 

There is no specified limit on the maximum number
of Creation Units that can be sold, although the Funds may not sell shares in Creation Units if such shares have not been registered
with the SEC under an effective registration statement. 

Regulatory Environment 

The regulation of futures markets, futures contracts,
and futures exchanges has historically been comprehensive. The CFTC and the exchanges are authorized to take extraordinary actions in
the event of a market emergency including, for example, the retroactive implementation of speculative position limits, increased margin
requirements, the establishment of daily price limits and the suspension of trading. 

The regulation of commodity interest transactions
in the United States is an evolving area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental and judicial action. Considerable
regulatory attention has been focused on non-traditional investment pools that are publicly distributed in the United States. There is
a possibility of future regulatory changes within the United States altering, perhaps to a material extent, the nature of an investment
in the Funds, or the ability of the Funds to continue to implement its investment strategy. In addition, various national governments
outside of the United States have expressed concern regarding the disruptive effects of speculative trading in the commodities markets
and the need to regulate the derivatives markets in general. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Funds is impossible to
predict but could be substantial and adverse. 

The CFTC possesses exclusive jurisdiction to
regulate the activities of commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisors with respect to commodity interests, 
such as futures, swaps and options, and has adopted regulations with respect to the activities of those persons and/or entities. Under
the CEA, a registered CPO, such as the Sponsor, is required to make annual filings with the CFTC and NFA describing its organization,
capital structure, management and controlling persons. In addition, the CEA authorizes the CFTC to require and review books and records
of, and documents prepared by, registered CPOs. Pursuant to this authority, the CFTC requires CPOs to keep accurate, current and orderly
records for each pool that they operate. The CFTC may suspend the registration of a commodity pool operator (1) if the CFTC finds that
the operator s trading practices tend to disrupt orderly market conditions, (2) if any controlling person of the operator is subject
to an order of the CFTC denying such person trading privileges on any exchange, and (3) in certain other circumstances. Suspension, restriction
or termination of the Sponsor s registration as a commodity pool operator would prevent it, until that registration were to be
reinstated, from managing the Funds, and might result in the termination of the Funds if a successor sponsor is not elected pursuant
to the Trust Agreement. 

The Funds investors are afforded prescribed
rights for reparations under the CEA. Investors may also be able to maintain a private right of action for violations of the CEA. The
CFTC has adopted rules implementing the reparation provisions of the CEA, which provide that any person may file a complaint for a reparations
award with the CFTC for violation of the CEA against a floor broker or an FCM, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, CPO, and
their respective associated persons. 

Pursuant to authority in the CEA, the NFA has
been formed and registered with the CFTC as a registered futures association. At the present time, the NFA is the only self-regulatory
organization for commodity interest professionals, other than futures exchanges. The CFTC has delegated to the NFA responsibility for
the registration of CPOs and FCMs and their respective associated persons. The Sponsor and the Fund s clearing broker are members
of the NFA. As such, they will be subject to NFA standards relating to fair trade practices, financial condition and consumer protection.
The NFA also arbitrates disputes between members and their customers and conducts registration and fitness screening of applicants for
membership and audits of its existing members. Neither the Trust nor the Funds are required to become a member of the NFA. 

The regulations of the CFTC and the NFA prohibit
any representation by a person registered with the CFTC or by any member of the NFA, that registration with the CFTC, or membership in
the NFA, in any respect indicates that the CFTC or the NFA has approved or endorsed that person or that person s trading program
or objectives. The registrations and memberships of the parties described in this summary must not be considered as constituting any
such approval or endorsement. Likewise, no futures exchange has given or will give any similar approval or endorsement. 

17 

Futures exchanges in the United States are subject
to varying degrees of regulation under the CEA depending on whether such exchange is a designated contract market, exempt board of trade
or electronic trading facility. Clearing organizations are also subject to the CEA and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder as
administered by the CFTC. The CFTC s function is to implement the CEA s objectives of preventing price manipulation and excessive
speculation and promoting orderly and efficient commodity interest markets. In addition, the various exchanges and clearing organizations
themselves exercise regulatory and supervisory authority over their member firms. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act was enacted in response to the economic crisis of 2008 and 2009 and it significantly
altered the regulatory regime to which the securities and commodities markets are subject. To date, the CFTC has issued proposed or final
versions of almost all of the rules it is required to promulgate under the Dodd-Frank Act. The provisions of the new law include the
requirement that position limits be established on a wide range of commodity interests, including agricultural, energy, and metal-based
commodity futures contracts, options on such futures contracts and cleared and uncleared swaps that are economically equivalent to such
futures contracts and options; new registration and recordkeeping requirements for swap market participants; capital and margin requirements
for swap dealers and major swap participants, as determined by the new law and applicable regulations; reporting
of all swap transactions to swap data repositories; and the mandatory use of clearinghouse mechanisms for sufficiently standardized swap
transactions that were historically entered into in the over-the-counter market, but are now designated as subject to the clearing requirement;
and margin requirements for over-the-counter swaps that are not subject to the clearing requirements. 

The Dodd-Frank Act was intended to reduce systemic
risks that may have contributed to the 2008/2009 financial crisis. Since the first draft of what became the Dodd-Frank Act, supporters
and opponents have debated the scope of the legislation. As the administrations of the U.S. change, the interpretation and implementation
will change along with them. Nevertheless, regulatory reform of any kind may have a significant impact on U.S. regulated entities. 

Current rules and regulations under the Dodd-Frank
Act require enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards,
customer disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants
that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks of futures
trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust manner, the capital
and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination programs of the CFTC and
the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

Regulatory bodies outside the U.S. have also
passed or proposed, or may propose in the future, legislation similar to that proposed by the Dodd-Frank Act or other legislation containing
other restrictions that could adversely impact the liquidity of and increase costs of participating in the commodities markets. For example,
the European Union Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation
(Regulation (EU) No 600/2014) (together MiFID II ), which has applied since January 3, 2018, governs the provision of investment
services and activities in relation to, as well as the organized trading of, financial instruments such as shares, bonds, units in collective
investment schemes and derivatives. In particular, MiFID II requires EU Member States to apply position limits to the size of a net position
which a person can hold at any time in commodity derivatives traded on EU trading venues and in economically equivalent 
over-the-counter OTC contracts. By way of further example, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (Regulation
(EU) No 648/2012, as amended) EMIR introduced certain requirements in respect of OTC derivatives including: (i) the mandatory
clearing of OTC derivative contracts declared subject to the clearing obligation; (ii) risk mitigation techniques in respect of un-cleared
OTC derivative contracts, including the mandatory margining of un-cleared OTC derivative contracts; and (iii) reporting and recordkeeping
requirements in respect of all derivatives contracts. In the event that the requirements under EMIR and MiFID II apply, these are expected
to increase the cost of transacting derivatives. 

In addition, considerable regulatory attention
has been focused on non-traditional publicly distributed investment pools such as the Funds. Furthermore, various national governments
have expressed concern regarding the disruptive effects of speculative trading in certain commodity markets and the need to regulate
the derivatives markets in general. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Funds is impossible to predict but could be substantial
and adverse. 

18 

SEC Reports 

The Funds make available, free of charge, on
their website (www.convexityshares.com), their annual reports on Form 10-K, their quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, their current reports
on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably
practicable after these forms are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These reports are also available from the SEC though its website
at: www.sec.gov. 

CFTC Reports 

The Trust also makes available, on its website,
its monthly reports and its annual reports required to be prepared and filed with the NFA under the CFTC regulations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Although the Funds may, from time to time, be
involved in litigation arising out of its operations in the normal course of business or otherwise, the Funds are currently not a party
to any pending material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

19 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Shares of the Funds have traded on the NYSE Arca
under the symbols SPKY and SPKX , respectively, since August 16, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Matching and Leveraged
Funds had approximately 20 and 33 holders of its shares, respectively. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Unregistered Sale
of Equity Securities 

The Sponsor of the Funds
contributed 1,000 to each Fund on February 14, 2022, in exchange for 40 shares of the respective Funds, representing
an initial contribution of capital to the Funds. On March 23, 2022, the Sponsor redeemed their units of each Fund. The issuance of such
shares was effected in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 

On May 13, 2022, the Funds registration
statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-256463) was declared effective pursuant to which the Funds registered an unlimited number
of shares. The Funds shares began trading on the NYSE Arca on August 16, 2022 and since that date, and up to December 31, 2022
(excluding any redemptions), the Matching and Leveraged Funds sold 100,000 and 100,000 shares for aggregate proceeds of 2,500,000 and
 2,500,000, respectively. Each Fund seeks to use substantially all of the proceeds of the offering of Shares of the Fund to make portfolio
investments in a manner consistent with its investment objective. Each Fund also may hold cash or cash equivalents, such as U.S. Treasury
securities or other high credit quality, short-term fixed-income or similar securities (such as shares of money market funds)
as collateral for Financial Instruments and pending investment in Financial Instruments. To the extent that a Fund does not invest the
proceeds of the offering of the Shares in the manner described above on the day such proceeds are received, such proceeds may be
deposited with the Custodian. 

Dividends 

The Funds have not made and does not currently
intend to make cash distributions to its shareholders. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Funds do not purchase shares directly from
its shareholders. 

Authorized Participant redemption activity for
the Funds during the period from August 15, 2022 through December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

SPKY 
 
 Period of Redemption 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Redeemed 
 Average Price Paid per 
 Share 
 
 Period from August 16, 2022 (commencement of trading on NYSE
 Arca) through December 31, 2022 
 50,000 
 19.6241 

20 

SPKX 
 
 Period of Redemption 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Redeemed 
 Average Price Paid per 
 Share 
 
 Period from August 16, 2022 (commencement of trading on NYSE
 Arca) through December 31, 2022 
 50,000 
 21.7858 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the notes thereto of the Trust and the Funds included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

This information should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report (the Report ). The discussion and analysis
which follows may contain trend analysis and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial results. Words such as anticipate, 
 expect, intend, plan, believe, seek, outlook and
 estimate, as well as similar words and phrases, signify forward-looking statements. ConvexityShares Trust s forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future results and conditions, and important factors, risks and uncertainties may cause our actual results
to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. 

You should not place undue reliance on any
forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the Federal securities laws, ConvexityShares, LLC undertakes no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risks, uncertainties or other factors described in this Report, as
a result of new information, future events or changed circumstances or for any other reason after the date of this Report. 

Overview 

ConvexityShares Trust
(the Trust is a Delaware statutory trust formed on April 12, 2021 and is currently organized into two separate series.
The Trust is a series trust formed pursuant to the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, of which ConvexityShares Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF
and ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF (each, a Fund and collectively, the Funds are currently the only series.
Each Fund is a commodity pool that continuously issues common shares of beneficial interest Shares ). Shares represent
units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of a series of the Trust. The Shares of each Fund are listed for trading
on NYSE Arca, Inc. NYSE Arca or the Exchange ). 

The Funds are managed
and controlled by ConvexityShares, LLC (the Sponsor ), a two-member limited liability company that was formed in the state
of Delaware on December 3, 2021. The Funds pay the Sponsor a management fee. The Sponsor, the Trust, and the Funds maintain their main
business offices at 7 Roszel Road, Suite 1A, Princeton, NJ 08540. The Sponsor s telephone number is (609) 897-7300. 

The Sponsor has the
power and authority to establish and designate one or more series and to issue shares thereof, from time to time as it deems necessary
or desirable. The Sponsor has exclusive power to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences as between the shares of any series
as to the right of redemption, special and relative rights as to dividends and other distributions and on liquidation, conversion rights,
and conditions under which the series shall have separate voting rights or no voting rights. The term for which the Trust is to exist
commenced on the date of the filing of the Certificate of Trust, and the Trust, the Funds, and any additional series created in the future
will exist in perpetuity, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement
(the Trust Agreement ). Separate and distinct records shall be maintained for each Fund and the assets associated with a
Fund shall be held in such separate and distinct records (directly or indirectly, including a nominee or otherwise) and accounted for
in such separate and distinct records separately from the assets of any other series. Each Fund and each future series will be separate
from all such series in respect of the assets and liabilities allocated to a Fund and each separate series and will represent a separate
investment portfolio of the Trust. 

21 

The Funds are commodity
pools as defined by the Commodity Exchange Act CEA ). Consequently, the Sponsor is registered with the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC as a commodity pool operator CPO and a commodity trading advisor CTA ), and it is a member firm of the National Futures Association NFA ). 

The Sponsor has selected
Teucrium Trading, LLC Teucrium or the Sub-Adviser to manage each Fund s commodity futures investment
strategy. Teucrium is a Delaware limited liability company with its principal office at Three Main Street, Suite 215, Burlington, Vermont
05401. Teucrium is registered as a CTA with the CFTC, effective September 8, 2017. 

The Sub-Adviser, under authority delegated by
the Sponsor, is responsible for reallocating assets within the portfolios with a view to achieving each Fund s investment objective.
In its capacity as a commodity trading advisor, the Sub-Adviser is an organization which, for compensation or profit, advises others
as to the value of or the advisability of buying or selling futures contracts. 

The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington Trust,
N.A. (the Trustee ), and the Trustee serves as the Trust s corporate trustee as required under the Delaware Statutory
Trust Act DSTA ). The Trustee s principal offices are located at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001.
The Trustee is unaffiliated with the Sponsor. The rights and duties of the Trustee and the Sponsor with respect to the offering of the
Shares and Fund management and the shareholders are governed by the provisions of the DSTA and by the Trust Agreement. 

On May 13, 2022, the initial Form S-1 for the
Funds was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). On August 15, 2022, 4 Creation Baskets
for each Fund were issued representing 100,000 shares and 2,500,000. The Funds began trading on NYSE Arca on August 16, 2022. 

The Funds are designed and managed to track the
performance of a portfolio consisting of futures contracts. 

The Sponsor maintains a website at www.convexityshares.com,
through which monthly account statements and the Trust s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the 1934 Act ), can be accessed free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Additional information regarding the Trust may also be found on the SEC s EDGAR database
at www.sec.gov. 

The Investment Objective of the Funds 

The ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF (the
 Matching Fund seeks investment results, before fees and expenses, that match (1x) the performance of the T3
SPIKE Front 2 Futures Index (the Index ). The ConvexityShares Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF (the Leveraged
Fund seeks investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to 150 (1.5x) of the performance of the Index for a
single day, not for any other period. A single day is measured from the time a Fund calculates its net asset value NAV to the time of the Fund s next NAV calculation. The NAV calculation time for the Funds typically is 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time). The
Funds seek to achieve their respective investment objectives through the appropriate amount of exposure to the SPIKES futures contracts
included in the Index. 

Under certain circumstances, the Funds may also
invest in futures contracts and swap contracts VIX Related Positions and, together with the SPIKES futures contracts,
 Financial Instruments on the Cboe Volatility Index VIX ), an index that tracks volatility and would be expected
to perform in a substantially similar manner as the SPIKES Volatility Index (the SPIKES Index ). VIX is an alternate measure
of market volatility, as opposed to the SPIKES Index, but it measures the implied volatility of the S P 500, instead of SPY. VIX
is expected to perform substantially identically to the SPIKES Index. Correlation between daily closes and daily index returns of the
SPIKES Index and the VIX are expected to be 99.9 . 

22 

There can be no assurance that a Fund will
achieve its investment objective or avoid substantial losses. The Leveraged Fund does not seek to achieve its stated investment objective
over a period of time greater than a single day because mathematical compounding prevents the Leveraged Fund from achieving such results.
Results for the Leveraged Fund over periods of time greater than a single day should not be expected to be a simple one-and-a-half times
(1.5x) of the period return of the Index. Fund returns will likely differ in amount and possibly even direction from the Leveraged Fund s
stated multiple times the return of the Index over time. These differences can be significant. The Leveraged Fund will lose money if
the Index s performance is flat over time, and the Leveraged Fund can lose money regardless of the performance of the Index, as
a result of rebalancing, the Index s volatility, compounding and other factors. Daily compounding of the Leveraged Fund s
investment returns can dramatically and adversely affect its longer-term performance, especially during periods of high volatility. Volatility
has a negative impact on Fund performance and may be at least as important to a Fund s return for a period as the return of the
Index. 

The Index 

The Funds seek to offer exposure to forward equity
market volatility by obtaining exposure to the components of the Index. The Index is an investable index that measures the daily performance
of a theoretical portfolio of first- and second-month futures contracts on the SPIKES Volatility Index (the SPIKES Index ).
The SPIKES Index is an index designed to measure the implied volatility of the SPDR S P 500 ETF Trust SPY over 30
days in the future. The SPIKES Index is calculated based on the prices of certain put and call options on SPY. SPIKES futures contracts
allow investors to invest based on their view of the forward implied market volatility of SPY. The Index is intended to reflect
the returns that are potentially available through an unleveraged investment in the SPIKES futures contracts comprising the Index, by
measuring its daily performance from the weighted average price of SPIKES futures contracts. 

The Index employs rules for selecting the SPIKES
futures contracts comprising the Index and a formula to calculate a level for the Index from the prices of these SPIKES futures contracts
(these rules and the formula may be changed from time to time, and without notice, by T3 Index). Currently, the SPIKES futures contracts
comprising the Index represent the prices of two near-term SPIKES futures contracts, replicating a position that rolls the nearest month
SPIKES futures contracts to the next month SPIKES futures contracts at or close to the daily settlement price via a Trade-At-Settlement TAS program or similar mechanism towards the end of each business day in equal fractional amounts over the course of
the near-term expiration cycle. This results in a constant weighted average maturity of one month. 

While the performance of the Index is influenced
by the performance of SPY (and options thereon), the performance of the Index, the SPIKES Index and SPIKES futures contracts generally
behave quite differently. 

The SPIKES futures contracts constituting the
Index as of December 31, 2022 include: 

Contract Name 
 Ticker 
 Valuation Price (One Contract) 
 Contract Multiplier 
 
 Jan 23 MGE SPKVOL FUT 
 SQLF3 INDEX 
 23.16 
 1,000 
 
 Feb 23 MFE SPKVOL FUT 
 SQLG3 INDEX 
 24.65 
 1,000 

Futures Contracts and Options 

A futures contract is a standardized contract
traded on, or subject to the rules of, an exchange that calls for the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a particular
underlying asset at a specified time and place or alternatively may call for cash settlement. Futures contracts are traded on a wide
variety of underlying assets, including bonds, interest rates, agricultural products, stock indexes, currencies, energy, metals, economic
indicators and statistical measures. The notional size and calendar term futures contracts on a particular underlying asset are identical
and are not subject to any negotiation, other than with respect to price and the number of contracts traded between the buyer and seller.
Each Fund generally deposits cash and/or securities with a futures commission merchant FCM for its open positions in
futures contracts, which may, in turn, transfer such deposits to the clearinghouse to protect the clearinghouse against non-payment by
the Fund. The clearinghouse becomes substituted for each counterparty to a futures contract, and, in effect, guarantees performance.
In addition, the FCM may require the Funds to deposit collateral in excess of the clearinghouse s margin requirements for the FCM s
own protection. 

23 

Certain futures contracts, including stock index
contracts, SPIKES futures contracts, VIX futures contracts and certain commodity futures contracts settle in cash. The cash settlement
amount reflects the difference between the contract purchase/sale price and the contract settlement price. The cash settlement mechanism
avoids the potential for either counterparty to be required to deliver the underlying asset. For other futures contracts, the contractual
obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying asset or by making
an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated date of delivery.
The difference between the price at which the futures contract is purchased or sold and the price paid for the offsetting sale or purchase,
after allowance for brokerage commissions, constitutes the profit or loss to the trader. 

Futures contracts involve, to varying degrees,
elements of market risk and exposure to loss in excess of the amounts of variation margin, which are the amounts of cash that the Funds
agree to pay to or receive from FCMs equal to the daily fluctuation in the value of a futures contract. Additional risks associated with
the use of futures contracts are imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the level of the underlying
benchmark and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. With futures contracts, there is minimal but some counterparty
risk to the Funds since futures contracts are exchange traded and the exchange s clearinghouse, as counterparty to all exchange-traded
futures contracts, effectively guarantees futures contracts against default. Many futures exchanges limit the amount of fluctuation permitted
in futures contract prices during a single trading day. Once the daily limit has been reached in a particular contract, no trades may
be made that day at a price beyond that limit or trading may be suspended for specified times during the trading day. Futures contracts
prices could move to the limit for several consecutive trading days with little or no trading, thereby preventing prompt liquidation
of futures positions and potentially subjecting a Fund to substantial losses. If trading is not possible or if a Fund determines not
to close a futures position in anticipation of adverse price movements, the Fund may be required to make daily cash payments of variation
margin. 

An option is a contract that gives the buyer
the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell a specified quantity of a commodity or other instrument at a specific (or strike) price
within a specified period of time, regardless of the market price of that instrument. 

There are two types of options: calls and puts.
A call option conveys to the option buyer the right to purchase a particular instrument at a stated price at any time during the life
of the option. A put option conveys to the option buyer the right to sell a particular instrument at a stated price at any time during
the life of the option. 

Swap Agreements 

Swaps are contracts that have traditionally been
entered into primarily by institutional investors in OTC markets for a specified period ranging from a day to many years. Certain types
of swaps may be cleared, and certain types are, in fact, required to be cleared. The types of swaps that may be cleared are generally
limited to only swaps where the most liquidity exists and a clearinghouse is willing to clear the trade on standardized terms. Swaps
with customized terms or those for which significant market liquidity does not exist are generally not able to be cleared. The swap agreements
in which a Fund may invest may be cleared or non-cleared. 

In a standard swap transaction, the parties agree
to exchange the returns on, among other things, a particular predetermined security, commodity, interest rate, or index for a fixed or
floating rate of return (the interest rate leg, which will also include the cost of borrowing for short swaps) in respect
of a predetermined notional amount. The notional amount of the swap reflects the basis upon which the returns are exchanged, i.e., the
returns are calculated by multiplying the reference rates or prices, as applicable, by the specified notional amount. 

In the case of indexes on which futures contracts
are based, such as those used by the Funds, the reference interest rate typically is zero, although a financing spread or fee is generally
still applied. Transaction or commission costs are reflected in the benchmark level at which the transaction is entered into. The gross
returns to be exchanged are calculated with respect to the notional amount and the benchmark returns to which the swap is linked. Swaps
are usually closed out on a net basis, i.e., the two payment streams are netted out in a cash settlement on the payment date specified
in the agreement, with the parties receiving or paying, as the case may be, only the net amount of the two payments. Thus, while the
notional amount reflects the amount on which a Fund s total investment exposure under the swap is based (i.e., the entire face
amount or principal of a swap), the net amount is a Fund s current obligations (or rights) under the swap. That is the amount to
be paid or received under the agreement based on the relative values of the positions held by each party to the agreement on any given
termination date. 

24 

Swaps may also expose the Funds to liquidity
risk. Although a Fund has the ability to terminate a swap at any time, doing so may subject the Fund to certain early termination charges.
In addition, there may not be a liquid market within which to dispose of an outstanding swap even if a permitted disposal might avoid
an early termination charge. Uncleared swaps generally are not assignable except by agreement between the parties to the swap, and generally
no party or purchaser has any obligation to permit such assignments. 

Swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of
market risk and exposure to loss in excess of the amount which would be reflected on a Fund s Statement of Financial Condition.
In addition to market risk and other risks, the use of swaps also comes with counterparty credit risk i.e., the inability
of a counterparty to a swap to perform its obligations. Each Fund that invests in swaps bears the risk of loss of the net amount, if
any, expected to be received under a swap agreement in the event of the default or bankruptcy of a swap counterparty. Each such Fund
enters or intends to enter into swaps only with major, global financial institutions. However, there are no limitations on the percentage
of its assets a Fund may invest in swaps with a particular counterparty. 

Each Fund that invests in swaps may use various
techniques to minimize counterparty credit risk. Each Fund that invests in swaps generally enters into arrangements with its counterparties
whereby both sides exchange collateral on a mark-to-market basis. In addition, such Fund may post initial margin 
or independent amount to counterparties in swaps. Such collateral serves as protection for the counterparty in the event
of a failure by a Fund and is in addition to any mark-to-market collateral that (i.e., the Fund may post initial margin to
the counterparty even where the counterparty would owe money to the Fund if the swap were to be terminated). The amount of initial margin
posted by a Fund may vary depending on the risk profile of the swap. The collateral, whether for mark-to-market or for initial margin,
generally consists of cash and/or securities. 

Each Fund must identify on its books (often referred
to as asset segregation liquid assets, or engage in other appropriate measures, to cover open positions
with respect to certain kinds of derivative instruments. A Fund may cover open positions by identifying on its books liquid assets equal
to the full notional amount of the instrument while the positions are open. Because any swaps held by the Funds are required to cash
settle, a Fund may identify liquid assets in an amount equal to the Fund s daily marked-to-market net obligations (i.e., the
Fund s daily net liability) under the instrument, if any, rather than its full notional amount. 

Collateral posted by a Fund to a counterparty
in connection with uncleared derivatives transactions is generally held for the benefit of the counterparty in a segregated tri-party account
at the Custodian to protect the counterparty against non-payment by the Fund. In the event of a default by a Fund where the
counterparty is owed money in the uncleared swap transaction, such counterparty will seek withdrawal of this collateral from the segregated
account. 

Collateral posted by the counterparty to a Fund
is typically held for the benefit of the Fund in a segregated tri-party account at a third-party custodian. In the event of a default
by the counterparty where a Fund is owed money in the uncleared swap transaction, such Fund will seek withdrawal of this collateral from
the segregated account. A Fund may incur certain costs exercising its right with respect to the collateral. 

Notwithstanding the use of collateral arrangements,
to the extent any collateral provided to a Fund is insufficient or there are delays in accessing the collateral, such Fund will be exposed
to counterparty risk as described above, including possible delays in recovering amounts as a result of bankruptcy proceedings. 

25 

Results of Operations 

Each Fund commenced
investment operations on August 16, 2022. The Funds seek to offer exposure to forward equity market volatility, as measured by
the SPIKES Index. During the period from each Fund s inception through December 31, 2022, stock market volatility was driven
high by such factors as rising interest rates, inflation, and an equity market sell-off. The S P 500 moved lower by 465.70
points, from 4305.20 to a quarter-end level of 3839.50, which is 10.82 lower. This resulted in volatility moving significantly
higher from inception through the 3 rd quarter but the 4 th quarter witnessed volatility much lower, in part due
to the 7.08 S P 500 recovery in the 4 th quarter. 

This equity market weakness
was reflected in the price of SPY during the quarter. This, coupled with higher interest rates, impacted the volatility in SPY options,
which resulted in higher SPIKES futures contract prices. This caused the value of the Funds to trend higher during the reporting period. 

Shares of ConvexityShares
1x SPIKES Futures ETF 

COMPARISON OF PER SHARE SPKX NAV TO SPKX
MARKET VALUE 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 16, 2022, TO
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NEITHER
THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE
FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The per Share market value of SPKX and its NAV
tracked closely for the period from August 16, 2022, to December 31, 2022. 

26 

COMPARISON OF PER SHARE SPKX NAV TO INDEX 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 16, 2022, TO
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NEITHER THE PAST
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S
FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The graph above compares the return of SPKX with
the Index returns for the period from August 16, 2022, to December 31, 2022. The difference in the NAV price and the Index value often
results in the appearance of a NAV premium or discount to the Index. Differences in the Index and the SPKX net asset value per share
are due to such factors as the following, among others: 

Index assumes no management fees, while the Fund pays 0.65 
 of average net assets on an annualized basis to the Sponsor as a management fee; 

Index assumes rolls are happening at the settlement price
 of the day, while Fund buys at a transaction price that might or might not be equal to the settlement price; and 

Pricing errors by the designated contract market for SPIKES
 futures contracts that affected Fund pricing on certain days. 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM
AUGUST 16, 2022, TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Fund Share Price
Performance 

During the period from
August 16, 2022 (commencement of Shares trading on the NYSE Arca) to December 31, 2022, the NYSE Arca market value of each Share
decreased 13.97 from 25.00 per Share of seed value, on August 15, 2022, to 21.51 per Share, representing the closing price on December
31, 2022. The Share price high and low for the period from August 16, 2022 to December 31, 2022 and related change from the initial Share
price on August 15, 2022 was as follows: Shares traded from a high of 33.30 per Share (+33.20 on October 11, 2022, to a low of 21.18
per Share (-15.28 on December 29, 2022. 

Fund Share Net Asset
Performance 

For the period from
August 15, 2022 (commencement of investment operations) to December 31, 2022, the net asset value of each Share decreased 14.15 from
 25.00 per Share to 21.46 per Share, resulting from losses in the futures contracts. 

Net decrease in net
assets resulting from operations for the period from August 16, 2022 to December 31, 2022, was 337,572, resulting from net realized
losses on futures contracts of 310,044, net change in unrealized depreciation of futures contracts of 37,519, and the net investment
income of 10,391. 

27 

Shares
of ConvexityShares Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF 

COMPARISON
OF PER SHARE SPKY NAV TO SPKY MARKET VALUE 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 16, 2022, TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NEITHER
THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE
FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The
per Share market value of SPKY and its NAV tracked closely for the period from August 16, 2022, to December 31, 2022. 

28 

COMPARISON
OF PER SHARE SPKY NAV TO INDEX 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 16, 2022, TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

NEITHER
THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE
FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The
graph above compares the return of SPKY with the Index returns for the period from August 16, 2022, to December 31, 2022. The difference
in the NAV price and the Index value often results in the appearance of a NAV premium or discount to the Index. Differences in the Index
and the SPKY net asset value per share are due to such factors as the following, among others: 

Index
 assumes no management fees, while the Fund pays 0.79 of average net assets on an annualized basis to the Sponsor as a management
 fee; 

Index assumes
 rolls are happening at the settlement price of the day, while Fund buys at a transaction price that might or might not be equal to
 the settlement price; and 

Pricing errors
 by the designated contract market for SPIKES futures contracts that affected Fund pricing on certain days. 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 16, 2022, TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Fund
Share Price Performance 

During the period from August 16, 2022 (commencement of Shares trading
on the NYSE Arca) to December 31, 2022, the NYSE Arca market value of each Share decreased 23.12 from 25.00 per Share of seed value,
on August 15, 2022, to 19.22 per Share, representing the closing price on December 31, 2022. The Share price high and low for the period
from August 16, 2022 to December 31, 2022 and related change from the initial Share price on August 15, 2022 was as follows: Shares traded
from a high of 37.50 per Share (+50 )on October 13, 2022, to a low of 18.82 per Share (-24.72 on December 29, 2022. 

Fund
Share Net Asset Performance 

For
the period from August 15, 2022 (commencement of investment operations) to December 31, 2022, the net asset value of each Share decreased
23.24 from 25.00 per Share to 19.19 per Share, resulting from losses in the futures contracts. 

29 

Net
decrease in net assets resulting from operations for the period from August 16, 2022 to December 31, 2022, was 559,520, resulting from
net realized losses on futures contracts of 508,488, net change in unrealized depreciation of futures contracts of 54,064, and the
net investment income of 2,992. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Preparation
of the financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. The Funds application
of these policies involves judgments and the use of estimates. Actual results may differ from the estimates used and such differences
could be material. The Funds hold a significant portion of their assets in futures contracts and money market funds, which are held at
fair value. 

There
were no material estimates, which involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and had or are reasonably likely to have had
a material impact on a Fund s financial condition, used in the preparation of these financial statements. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

In
order to collateralize derivatives positions in indices, commodities or currencies, a portion of the NAV of each Fund is held in cash
and/or U.S. Treasury securities, agency securities, or other high credit quality short term fixed-income or similar securities (such
as shares of money market funds, bank deposits, bank money market accounts, certain variable rate-demand notes and repurchase agreements
collateralized by government securities. A portion of these investments may be posted as collateral in connection with swap agreements
and/or futures contracts. The percentage that U.S. Treasury bills and other short-term fixed-income securities bear to the shareholders 
equity of each Fund varies from period to period as the market values of the underlying futures contracts and swaps change. During the
period ended December 31, 2022, each of the Funds earned interest income as follows: 

Fund 
 Interest Income 
 Period Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Shares of ConvexityShares
 Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF 
 10,975 
 
 Shares of ConvexityShares
 1x SPIKES Futures ETF 
 16,841 

Each
Fund s underlying futures and swaps contracts may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory
considerations and other reasons. For example, swaps are not traded on an exchange, do not have uniform terms and conditions, and in
general are not transferable without the consent of the counterparty. In the case of futures contracts, commodity exchanges may limit
fluctuations in certain futures contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as daily limits. During
a single day, no futures trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once the price of a futures contract has increased
or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in such futures contracts can neither be taken nor liquidated unless the
traders are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. Futures contract prices have occasionally moved to the daily limit for several
consecutive days with little or no trading. Such market conditions could prevent a Fund from promptly liquidating its futures positions. 

Entry
into swap agreements may further impact liquidity because these contractual agreements are executed off-exchange between
private parties and, therefore, the time required to offset or unwind these positions may be greater than that for exchange-traded
instruments. This potential delay could be exacerbated to the extent a counterparty is not a United States person. 

The
large size of the positions in which a Fund may invest increases the risk of illiquidity by both making their positions more difficult
to liquidate and increasing the losses incurred while trying to do so. Any type of disruption or illiquidity will potentially be exacerbated
due to the fact that the Funds will typically invest in Financial Investments related to the Index, which is highly concentrated. 

30 

Because
each Fund may enter into swaps and may trade futures contracts, its capital is at risk due to changes in the value of these contracts
(market risk) or the inability of counterparties to perform under the terms of the contracts (credit risk). 

Market
Risk 

Trading
in derivatives contracts will involve each Fund entering into cash settled futures contracts. As a result, each Fund s market risk
is the risk of loss arising from the decline in value of the contracts. The Funds consider the fair value of derivative
instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. Should a Fund enter into a contractual commitment to sell a physical
commodity, it would be required to make delivery of that commodity at the contract price and then repurchase the contract at prevailing
market prices or settle in cash. Since the repurchase price to which the value of a commodity can rise is unlimited, entering into commitments
to sell commodities would expose a Fund to theoretically unlimited risk. 

The
exposure of the Funds to market risk will depend on a number of factors including the markets for the specific instrument, the liquidity
of the instrument-specific market and the relationships among the contracts held by the Funds. The inherent uncertainty of each Fund s
trading as well as the development of drastic market occurrences could ultimately lead to a loss of all or substantially all of investors 
capital. 

Credit
Risk 

When
a Fund enters into futures contracts and swap agreements, the Fund is exposed to credit risk that the counterparty to the contract will
not meet its obligations. 

The
counterparty for futures contracts traded on United States and most foreign futures exchanges as well as certain swaps is the clearing
house associated with the particular exchange. In general, clearing houses are backed by their corporate members who may be required
to share in the financial burden resulting from the nonperformance by one of their members and, as such, should significantly reduce
this credit risk. In cases where the clearing house is not backed by the clearing members (i.e., some foreign exchanges, which may become
applicable in the future), it may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. 

Certain
swap agreements are contracted for directly with counterparties. There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearing member or
clearing house will meet its obligations to a Fund. 

Swap
agreements do not generally involve the delivery of underlying assets either at the outset of a transaction or upon settlement. Accordingly,
if the counterparty to an OTC swap agreement defaults, a Fund s risk of loss typically consists of the net amount of payments that
the Fund is contractually entitled to receive, if any. Swap counterparty risk is generally limited to the amount of any unrealized gains,
although in the event of a counterparty bankruptcy, there could be delays and costs associated with the recovery of collateral posted
in segregated tri-party accounts at the Funds custodian bank. 

The
Sponsor attempts to minimize certain of these market and credit risks by normally: 

executing
 and clearing trades with creditworthy counterparties, as determined by the Sponsor; 

limiting
 the outstanding amounts due from counterparties of the Funds; 

not
 posting margin directly with a counterparty; 

limiting
 the amount of margin or premium posted at the FCM; and 

ensuring
 that deliverable contracts are not held to such a date when delivery of an underlying asset
 could be called for. 

31 

Off
Balance Sheet Financing 

As
of December 31, 2022, neither the Trust nor the Funds have any loan guarantees, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements
of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating
to certain risks service providers undertake in performing services which are in the best interests of the Funds. While the exposure
of the Funds under these indemnification provisions cannot be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on the financial
position of the Funds. 

Redemption
Basket Obligation 

Other
than as necessary to meet the investment objective of a Fund and pay the contractual obligations described below, the Funds will require
liquidity to redeem Redemption Baskets. Each Fund intends to satisfy this obligation through the transfer of cash of the applicable Fund
(generated, if necessary, through the sale of money market funds invested in Treasury obligations) in an amount proportionate to the
number of Shares being redeemed. 

Contractual
Obligations 

The
primary contractual obligations of the Funds will be with the Sponsor and certain other service providers. Each Fund intends to satisfy
these obligations through the transfer of cash of the applicable Fund (generated, if necessary, through the sale of money market funds
invested in Treasury obligations) in the necessary amount. 

Sponsor
and CTA Fees 

The
Funds are obligated to pay the Sponsor a management fee (the Sponsor Fee ), calculated daily and paid monthly, equal to
0.65 and 0.79 of the Matching Fund and Leveraged Fund average daily net assets, respectively. From the Sponsor Fee, the Sponsor has
contractually agreed to pay all of the routine operational, administrative, and other ordinary expenses of the Funds, excluding brokerage
fees, interest expenses, and certain non-recurring or extraordinary fees and expenses. The Sponsor Fee is paid in consideration of the
Sponsor s management services to the Funds. 

Teucrium
receives a service fee from the Sponsor in an amount equal to the greater of (i) 0.05 per year of the value of each Fund s average
daily net assets, or (ii) 30,000 per year. 

Each
Fund will pay to ADM Investor Services, Inc. ADMIS ), which will serve as each Fund s futures commission merchant FCM or the Commodity Broker ), all brokerage commissions, including applicable exchange fees, NFA fees, give-up
fees, pit brokerage fees and other transaction related fees and expenses charged in connection with trading activities for each Fund s
investment in CFTC regulated investments. 

Each
Fund currently accrues its daily expenses based on accrued expense amounts established and monitored by the Sponsor. At the end of each
month, the accrued amount is remitted to the Sponsor as the Sponsor has assumed, and is responsible for the payment of, the routine operational,
administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Funds which amounted to 1,197 and 1,334 for the Matching Fund and the Leveraged Fund,
respectively. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable to Smaller Reporting Companies. 

32 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Sponsor of 

ConvexityShares Trust, comprised of ConvexityShares
Daily 1.5x 

SPIKES Futures ETF and ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying combined statement of
assets and liabilities, including the combined schedules of investments and open futures contracts, of ConvexityShares Trust (the Trust as of December 31, 2022, and the related combined statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the period May 13,
2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the combined financial
statements ). We have also audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities, including the schedules of investments
and open futures contracts, of ConvexityShares Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF and ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF (the Funds as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the period May 13, 2022 (commencement
of operations) through December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the individual financial statements ).
In our opinion, the combined and individual financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the combined and individual
financial position of the Trust as of December 31, 2022, and the results of their combined and individual operations, changes in net assets
and cash flows for the period May 13, 2022 through December 31 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These combined and individual
financial statements are the responsibility of the Trust s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the combined
and individual financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust and the Funds in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement whether due to error or fraud. The Trust and Funds
are not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Trust and Funds internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the combined and individual financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the combined and individual financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December
31, 2022, by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the combined and individual financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Trust and Funds 
auditor since 2022 . 

March 31, 2023 

COHEN COMPANY, LTD. 

800.229.1099 | 866.818.4538 fax | cohencpa.com 

Registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 

PCAOB ID # 

F- 1 

ConvexityShares
Trust 

Statements
of Assets and Liabilities 

December
31, 2022 

ConvexityShares 
Daily 1.5x SPIKES
 
Futures ETF 
 ConvexityShares 
1x SPIKES 
Futures
 ETF 
 ConvexityShares 
Trust (combined) 
 
 ASSETS 

Investments in securities, at value 

Interest receivable 

Deposit at broker for futures contracts 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Management fees payable 

Net variation margin payable 

Total
 Liabilities 

NET ASSETS 

Net Asset Value (unlimited shares authorized): 

Net Assets 

Shares Outstanding 

Net Asset Value, Offering and Redemption Price per
 Share 

Investments in securities, at cost 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

ConvexityShares
Trust 

Statements
of Operations 

For
the Period From May 13, 2022 (1) to December 31, 2022 

ConvexityShares 
Daily 1.5x 
SPIKES
 
Futures ETF 
 ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures
 ETF 
 ConvexityShares Trust (combined) 
 
 INVESTMENT INCOME 

Income: 

Interest income 

Total
 Income 

Expenses: 

Management fees 

Total Expenses 

Net Investment
 Income 

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED LOSS ON INVESTMENTS
 AND FUTURES CONTRACTS 

Net realized loss on: 

Futures contracts 

Net change in unrealized depreciation of: 

Futures contracts 

Net realized
 and unrealized loss on investments and futures contracts 

NET DECREASE
 IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS 

(1) 

See Note 1. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ConvexityShares
Trust 

Statements
of Changes in Net Assets 

For
the Period From May 13, 2022 (1) to December 31, 2022 

ConvexityShares Daily 1.5x 
SPIKES
 
Futures ETF 
 ConvexityShares 
1x SPIKES 
Futures
 ETF 
 ConvexityShares 
Trust (combined) 
 
 INCREASE IN NET ASSETS: 

OPERATIONS 

Net investment income 

Net realized loss on futures contracts 

Net change in unrealized depreciation
 of futures contracts 

Net decrease in
 net assets resulting from operations 

CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS 

Shares Issued 

Shares Redeemed 

Net increase in
 net assets from capital share transactions 

Total increase
 in net assets 

NET ASSETS 

Beginning of Period 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

End of Period 

SHARE TRANSACTIONS 

Beginning of Period 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Shares Issued 

Shares Redeemed 

End of Period 

1) 

See Note 1. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ConvexityShares
Trust 

Statements
of Cash Flows 

For
the Period From May 13, 2022 (1) to December 31, 2022 

ConvexityShares 
Daily 1.5x 
SPIKES
 
Futures ETF 
 ConvexityShares 
1x SPIKES 
 Futures
 ETF 
 ConvexityShares 
Trust (combined) 
 
 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net decrease in net assets from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net decrease in net assets from
 operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Purchase of investments 

Proceeds from sales or maturities of investments held 

Decrease (Increase) in variation margin for futures contracts 

Decrease (Increase) in interest receivable 

Increase (Decrease) in management
 fees payable 

Net cash provided by (used in)
 operating activities 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from shares sold 

Cost of shares redeemed 

Net cash provided by (used in)
 financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
 cash beginning of period 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted
 cash end of period 

1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ConvexityShares
Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF 

Schedule
of Investments 

December
31, 2022 

Shares 
 Value 
 
 SHORT-TERM INVESTMENT - 31.60 

Money Market Fund - 31.60 

First American Government Obligations Fund, Class X, (a) 

Total Short-Term Investment (Cost 303,154) 
 
 303,154 
 
 Total Investments (Cost - 31.60 

Other Assets and Liabilities, net - 

Total Net Assets - 

(a) 

Schedule
of Open Futures Contacts 

December
31, 2022 

Expiration 
 
 Number of Long Contracts 
 Notional 
 Unrealized 
 
 Date 
 Description 
 Purchased 
 Value 
 Depreciation 
 
 1/18/2023 
 SPIKES Volatility Index 

2/15/2023 
 SPIKES Volatility Index 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

ConvexityShares
1x SPIKES Futures ETF 

Schedule
of Investments 

December
31, 2022 

Shares 
 Value 
 
 SHORT-TERM INVESTMENT - 52.15 

Money Market Fund - 52.15 

First American Government Obligations Fund, Class X, (a) 

Total Short-Term Investment (Cost 559,661) 
 
 559,661 
 
 Total Investments (Cost - 

Other Assets and Liabilities, net - 

Net Assets - 

(a) The
 rate quoted is the seven-day yield as of December 31, 2022. 

Schedule
of Open Futures Contacts 

December
31, 2022 

Expiration 
 
 Number of Long Contracts 
 Notional 
 Unrealized 
 
 Date 
 Issue 
 Purchased 
 Value 
 Depreciation 
 
 1/18/2023 
 SPIKES Volatility Index 

2/15/2023 
 SPIKES Volatility Index 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

ConvexityShares
Trust 

Combined
Schedule of Investments 

December
31, 2022 

Shares 
 Value 
 
 SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS -42.45 

Money Market Funds - 42.45 

First American Government Obligations Fund, Class X, (a) 

Total Short-Term Investments (Cost 862,815) 
 
 862,815 
 
 Total Investments (Cost - 

Other Assets and Liabilities, net - 

Net Assets - 

(a) The
 rate quoted is the seven-day yield as of December 31, 2022. 

Combined
Schedule of Open Futures Contracts 

December
31, 2022 

Expiration 
 
 Number of Long Contracts 
 Notional 
 Unrealized 
 
 Date 
 Issue 
 Purchased 
 Value 
 Depreciation 
 
 1/18/2023 
 SPIKES Volatility Index 

2/15/2023 
 SPIKES Volatility Index 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 8 

CONVEXITYSHARES
TRUST 

NOTES
TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

(1.5x) of the performance of the Index for a single day, not for any other period. A single day is measured from
the time a Fund calculates its net asset value NAV to the time of the Fund s next NAV calculation. The NAV calculation
time for the Funds typically is 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time). The Funds seek to achieve their respective investment objectives through the
appropriate amount of exposure to the SPIKES futures contracts included in the Index. Under certain circumstances, the Fund may also
invest in futures contracts and swap contracts VIX Related Positions on the Cboe Volatility Index VIX ),
an index that tracks volatility and would be expected to perform in a substantially similar manner as the SPIKES Index. The Funds are
managed and controlled by their sponsor and investment manager, ConvexityShares, LLC (the Sponsor ). The Sponsor is registered
with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity pool operator and the Commodity Trading Advisor and is a member of the National
Futures Association. The Funds qualify as an emerging growth company as defined under the JOBS act. Each of the Funds commenced operations
on May 13, 2022 and commenced investment operations on August 16, 2022. 

to each Fund on February 14, 2022, in
exchange for shares of the respective Funds, representing an initial contribution of capital to the Funds. On March 23,
2022, the Sponsor redeemed their units of each Fund. The offering of each Funds shares is registered with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933. The Funds currently offer class
of shares. 

shares called Units (referred to as a Creation Unit 
or Redemption Unit ). Shares of a Fund are offered to Authorized Participants in Creation Units at the Funds NAV.
Market prices for the shares may be different from their NAV. Creation Units are issued and redeemed principally in-kind for securities
included in a specified universe. Shares generally trade in the secondary market at market prices that change throughout the day in amounts
less than a Creation Unit. Except when aggregated in Creation Units, shares are not redeemable securities of the Funds. Shares of the
Funds may only be purchased or redeemed by certain financial institutions Authorized Participants ). An Authorized Participant
is either (i) a broker-dealer or other participant in the clearing process through the Continuous Net Settlement System of the National
Securities Clearing Corporations or (ii) a DTC participant and, in each case must have executed a Participant Agreement with the Funds 
distributor. Most retail investors do not qualify as Authorized Participants or have the resources to buy and sell whole Creation Units.
Therefore, they are unable to purchase or redeem the Shares directly from the Funds. Rather, most retail investors purchase shares in
the secondary market with the assistance of a broker and are subject to customary brokerage commissions or fees. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

F- 11 

-
 
 -

Liabilities 

Other Instruments 

Futures
 Contracts (1) 
 
 -
 
 -

- 
 - 

-
 
 -

Liabilities 

Other Instruments 

Futures
 Contracts (1) 
 
 -
 
 -

- 
 - 

-
 
 -

Liabilities 

Other Instruments 

Futures
 Contracts (1) 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

F- 12 

ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF 

ConvexityShares Trust (combined) 

Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

The effect of derivative instruments on
the Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of the end of the current fiscal period was as follows: 

Statement of Assets and 

Liability Derivatives 
 
 Fund 
 
 Liabilities Location 

Value 

Derivatives not accounted for as hedging instruments 
 
 ConvexityShares 
Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF 

Net Variation Margin Payable 

2,547 

Futures Contracts 
 
 ConvexityShares 
1x SPIKES Futures ETF 

Net Variation Margin Payable 

1,873 

F- 13 

Total 

Total 

and of the Matching Fund and Leveraged Fund average daily net assets, respectively.
From the Sponsor Fee, the Sponsor has contractually agreed to pay all the routine operational, administrative, and other ordinary expenses
of the Funds, excluding brokerage fees, interest expenses, and certain non-recurring or extraordinary fees and expenses. The Index is
owned and maintained by Triple Three Partners Pty Ltd, which licenses the use of the Index to its affiliated company, T3i Pty Ltd. (Triple
Three Partners Pty Ltd and T3i Pty Ltd. are collectively referred to herein as T3 Index ), which sub-licenses the use of
the Index to the Sponsor. The Index is calculated and published by Solactive AG. Currently, the Sponsor employs Teucrium Trading, LLC Teucrium or the Sub-Adviser ), a limited liability company, as a commodity trading advisor to each Fund.
Teucrium receives a service fee from the Sponsor in an amount equal to the greater of (i) per year of the value of the Fund s
average daily net assets, or (ii) per year. 

F- 14 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

ConvexityShares Trust (combined) 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Description 

Future Contracts 
 ConvexityShares Daily 1.5x SPIKES Futures ETF 

-

-

ConvexityShares 1x SPIKES Futures ETF 

-

-

ConvexityShares Trust (combined) 

-

-

F- 15 

Net investment income (2) 

Net Realized and Unrealized Loss on Investments and Futures Contracts 

Net Decrease in Net Asset Value Resulting from Operations 

Net Asset Value, End of Period 

Total Return at Net Asset Value (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Return at Market Value (3) 
 - 
 - 

Ratios to Average Net Assets: (4) 

Expense ratio 

Net Investment Income 

Portfolio Turnover (3) 

F- 16 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Trust and the Funds maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be
disclosed in the Trust s periodic reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The
duly appointed officers of the Sponsor, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the
effectiveness of the Trust s and the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls
and procedures of the Trust and the Fund have been effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of the Fund s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public
companies. 

Management
of the Sponsor, on behalf of the Trust and the Fund are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. The Trust and the Fund s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Sponsor regarding
the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Management
of the Sponsor, including Simon Ho, Principal Executive Officer of the Sponsor, and Melinda Ho, Principal Financial Officer of the Sponsor,
who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Trust if the Trust
had any officers, assessed the effectiveness of the Trust s and the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria in the Internal Control - Integrated framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on the assessment, Management believes that, as of December 31,
2022, the internal control over financial reporting is effective for the Trust and the Fund. 

Change
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Trust s or the Funds internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s or the Fund s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

33 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
Sponsor and its Management 

Neither
the Trust nor the Funds have executive officers. Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreements for the Funds, the Funds affairs
are managed by the Sponsor. The Chief Executive Officer of the Sponsor is responsible for the overall strategic direction of the Sponsor
and has general control of its business and Acts as the Sponsor s principal accounting officer. The Chief Financial Officer acts
as the Sponsor s principal financial officer. Furthermore, certain fundamental actions regarding the Sponsor, such as entering
into a management agreement or other services agreement with respect to the Funds, the addition or substitution of members or managers,
hiring any employees, raising additional capital or dissolving or winding up the Sponsor, may not be taken without the consent of both
members. 

The
following are Principals, as that term is defined in CFTC Rule 3.1, for the Sponsor: Simon Ho, Melinda Ho, Joseph W. Ferraro III, T3
Holdings and MIAX Futures. T3 Holdings and MIAX Futures are Principals because of their membership interests in the Sponsor. Messrs.
Ho and Ferraro, as well as Ms. Ho are principals due to their positions. 

Melinda
Ho (Age: 50) . Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Sponsor, and a listed principal of the Sponsor since July 30, 2021. Ms.
Ho s responsibilities include oversight of the financial matters of the Sponsor. Since January 2014, Melinda Ho has been the Chief
Financial Officer of T3i Pty Ltd (index provider). Since March 2009, she has worked at Triple Three Partners Pty Ltd. (financial services
firm), where she serves as the Chief Financial Officer and oversees financial matters. 

Simon
Ho (Age: 50) . Chief Executive Officer of the Sponsor since March 1, 2023, and a listed principal of the Sponsor since July 6,
2021. Since January 2014, Mr. Ho has been the Chief Executive Officer and sole owner of T3i Pty Ltd (index provider) and since December
2020 he has been the Founder and President and Chief Executive Officer of T3 Holdings (financial services firm). Since March 2009 he
has been the Founder and Executive Director of Triple Three Partners Pty Ltd. (financial services firm). He has general oversight responsibilities
for all of these businesses. 

Joseph
W. Ferraro III (Age: 51) . Chief Compliance Officer of the Sponsor since March 1, 2023, and a listed principal of the Sponsor since
June 28, 2021 (overseeing legal matters for registered commodity pool operator). Since March 2021, Mr. Ferraro has been the President
of MIAX Futures (overseeing legal matters and oversight responsibilities of business). In addition, since September 2016, Mr. Ferraro
has been the Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of MIH (overseeing legal matters). From August 2012 to August 2016, Mr.
Ferraro was General Counsel and Secretary, and a member of the Board of Directors, of Longitude, LLC (computer technology company) and
from August 2000 to August 2016, he was Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of ISE Holdings (electronic options exchanges). 

Commodity
Trading Advisor 

The
Sponsor has selected Teucrium to manage each Fund s commodity futures investment strategy. Teucrium is a Delaware limited liability
company. The principal office of the Sub-Adviser is located at Three Main Street, Suite 215, Burlington, Vermont 05401. The Sub-Adviser
registered as a CPO with the CFTC and became a member of the NFA on November 10, 2009. The Sub-Adviser registered as a Commodity Trading
Advisor CTA with the CFTC effective September 8, 2017. Teucrium and its subsidiaries manages approximately 555 million
in assets as of December 31, 2022 in portfolios with a variety of investment objectives. Teucrium Investment Advisors, LLC, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Teucrium Trading, LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company, which was formed on January 4, 2022. Teucrium Investment
Advisors, LLC is a U.S. SEC registered investment advisor. 

The
Sub-Adviser, under authority delegated by the Sponsor, is responsible for reallocating assets within the portfolios with a view to achieving
each Fund s investment objective. In its capacity as a commodity trading advisor, the Sub-Adviser is an organization which, for
compensation or profit, advises others as to the value of or the advisability of buying or selling futures contracts. 

34 

In
general, under the Teucrium Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement, as amended from time to time, Teucrium
is managed by the officers of Teucrium Trading, LLC. The Chief Executive Officer of Teucrium is responsible for the overall strategic
direction of the Sub-Adviser and has general control of its business. The Chief Investment Officer and President of the Sub-Adviser is
primarily responsible for new investment product development with respect to the Funds. The Chief Operating Officer has primary responsibility
for trade operations, trade execution, and portfolio activities with respect to the Funds. The Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting
Officer and Chief Compliance Officer act as Teucrium s principal financial and accounting officer. Furthermore, certain fundamental
actions regarding Teucrium, such as the removal of officers, the addition or substitution of members, or the incurrence of liabilities
other than those incurred in the ordinary course of business and de minimis liabilities, may not be taken without the affirmative vote
of a majority of the Class A members (which is generally defined as the affirmative vote of Mr. Gilbertie and one of the other two Class
A members). Teucrium has no board of directors, and the Teucrium Commodity Trust has no board of directors or officers. The three Class
A members of Teucrium are Sal Gilbertie, Dale Riker and Carl N. Miller III. 

Messrs.
Gilbertie, Riker, Kahler and Ms. Mullen-Rusin are individual principals, as that term is defined in CFTC Rule 3.1, of Teucrium.
These individuals are principals due to their positions and/or due to their ownership interests in Teucrium. GFI Group LLC is a principal
under CFTC Rules due to its ownership of certain non-voting securities of Teucrium. NMSIC Classic LLC is a principal under CFTC Rules
due to its greater than 10 capital contribution to Teucrium. 

Sal
Gilbertie (Age: 62) . President of the Sub-Adviser since its inception, Chief Investment Officer since September 2011, and Chief Executive
Officer and Secretary since September 17, 2018. He was approved by the NFA as a principal of the Sub-Adviser on September 23, 2009 and
registered as an associated person of the Sub-Adviser on November 10, 2009. He maintains his main business office at 65 Adams Road, Easton,
Connecticut 06612. Effective July 16, 2012, Mr. Gilbertie was listed as the Branch Manager for this location. Mr. Gilbertie is an officer
of Teucrium Investment Advisors, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Teucrium Trading, LLC effective January 21, 2022. From October 2005
until December 2009, Mr. Gilbertie was employed by Newedge USA, LLC, an FCM and broker-dealer registered with the CFTC and the SEC, where
he headed the Renewable Fuels/Energy Derivatives OTC Execution Desk and was an active futures contract and over the counter derivatives
trader and market maker in multiple classes of commodities. (Between January 2008 and October 2008, he also held a comparable position
with Newedge Financial, Inc., an FCM and an affiliate of Newedge USA, LLC.) From October 1998 until October 2005, Mr. Gilbertie was principal
and co-founder of Cambial Asset Management, LLC, an adviser to two private funds that focused on equity options, and Cambial Financing
Dynamics, a private boutique investment bank. While at Cambial Asset Management, LLC and Cambial Financing Dynamics, Mr. Gilbertie served
as principal and managed the day to day activities of the business and the portfolio of both companies. 

Cory
Mullen-Rusin (Age: 35) . Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of the Sub-Adviser since September
17, 2018. Ms. Mullen-Rusin has primary responsibility for the financial management, compliance and reporting of the Sub-Adviser; is in
charge of its books of account and accounting records, and its accounting procedures. She maintains her main business office at Three
Main Street, Suite 215, Burlington, Vermont 05401. Ms. Mullen-Rusin was approved by the NFA as a Principal of the Sub-Adviser on October
8, 2018. Ms. Mullen-Rusin began working for the Sub-Adviser in September 2011 and worked directly with the former CFO at Teucrium for
seven years. Her responsibilities included aspects of financial planning, financial operations, and financial reporting for the Trust
and the Sub-Adviser. Additionally, Ms. Mullen-Rusin assisted in developing, instituting, and monitoring the effectiveness of processes
and procedures to comply with all regulatory agency requirements. Ms. Mullen-Rusin is an officer of Teucrium Investment Advisors, LLC,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Teucrium Trading, LLC effective January 21, 2022. Ms. Mullen-Rusin graduated from Boston College with a
Bachelor of Arts and Science in Communications in 2009, where she was a four-year scholarship player on the NCAA Division I Women s
Basketball team. In 2017, she earned a Master of Business Administration from Nichols College. 

35 

Steve
Kahler (Age: 55) . Chief Operating Officer of Teucrium. He began working for the Sub-Adviser in November 2011 as Managing Director
in the trading division. He became the Chief Operating Officer on May 24, 2012 and served in that capacity through September 6, 2018,
at which time he resigned. Mr. Kahler was unemployed from September 7, 2018 until October 10, 2018, when he was reappointed as Chief
Operating Officer. Mr. Kahler is primarily responsible for making trading and investment decisions for the Funds, and for directing each
Fund s trades for execution. Mr. Kahler was listed as a Principal of the Sub-Adviser from May 16, 2012 to September 7, 2018 and
again was listed as a Principal on October 16, 2018. Mr. Kahler was registered as an Associated Person of the Sub-Adviser from November
25, 2011 to September 7, 2018 and re-registered as an Associated Person on October 16, 2018. Mr. Kahler was listed as a Branch Manager
of the Sub-Adviser on March 16, 2012 to September 7, 2018 and was listed again from October 5, 2018 to September 29, 2021. Mr. Kahler
is an officer of Teucrium Investment Advisors, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Teucrium Trading, LLC effective January 21, 2022. Prior
to his employment with the Sub-Adviser, Mr. Kahler worked for Cargill Inc., an international producer and marketer of food, agricultural,
financial and industrial products and services, from April 2006 until November 2011 in the Energy Division as Senior Petroleum Trader.
In October 2006 and while employed at Cargill Inc., Mr. Kahler was approved as an Associated Person of Cargill Commodity Services Inc.,
a commodity trading affiliate of Cargill Inc. from September 13, 2006 to November 9, 2011. Mr. Kahler graduated from the University of
Minnesota with a Bachelors of Agricultural Business Administration. 

Portfolio
Managers 

Steve
Kahler. Mr. Kahler is primarily responsible for making trading and investment decisions for the Funds, and for directing
each Fund s trades for execution. 

Charles
 Springer Harris . Portfolio Manager Managing Director of Operations. Mr. Harris served as the
Vermont Branch Manager from July 2012 - November 2019 and as FINRA Supervising Principal from 2014 - 2021. He began working for the Sub-Adviser
on April 1, 2011. Mr. Harris works directly under the COO assisting in Trading and Operations. He has primary responsibilities for the
Trade Operations for the Funds. He maintains his office at Three Main Street, Suite 215 Burlington, VT 05401. Prior to his employment
with the Sub-Adviser, Mr. Harris was a member of the Emergent Social Media Team at Weber Shandwick, one of the world's leading global
public relations firms with offices in major media, business and government capitals around the world. Mr. Harris graduated Cum Laude
with a B.A. in Business Management. At Washington College, Mr. Harris served as a four-year member and two-year captain of the Men s
Rowing Team earning top Conference Academic Honors Mr. Harris has also held various positions with the Maryland General Assembly and
the City of Burlington Vermont. Springer holds the Series 3, and 30. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Sponsor has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics which applies to all of its officers (including
senior financial officers) and employees; the Sponsor s Code of Ethics covers all officers and employees that manage the Trust
and the Fund. A printed copy of the Code of Ethics is available to any person free of charge, upon request, by contracting the Sponsor
at: 

ConvexityShares
Trust 

c/o
ConvexityShares, LLC 

7
Roszel Road 

Suite
1A 

Princeton,
NJ 08540 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
Funds have no employees, officers or directors and are managed by the Sponsor. None of the directors or officers of the Sponsor receive
compensation from the Funds. The Sponsor receives the Sponsor Fee, paid monthly in arrears. The Sponsor fee is equal to 0.65 and 0.79 
of the Fund s average daily net assets for the Matching Fund and Leveraged Fund, respectively. 

The
Sponsor has contractually agreed to assume all of the routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Funds, excluding
brokerage fees, interest expenses, and certain non-recurring or extraordinary fees and expenses. The Sponsor Fee paid by the Matching
and Leveraged Funds amounted to 6,450 and 7,983, respectively, for the period from August 15, 2022 (commencement of operations) to
December 31, 2022. 

36 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

a. Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners. The following table sets forth information
 with respect to each person known to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding shares
 of the Funds as of December 31, 2022, based on information known to the Sponsor. 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 
 
 SPKY 
 FLOW TRADERS US LLC 
 36,319 
 72.64 
 
 SPKY 
 TED A. GOTTSCHALK 
 3,550 
 7.10 
 
 SPKY 
 SUSQUEHANNA SECURITIES LLC 
 2,900 
 5.80 
 
 SPKX 
 FLOW TRADERS US LLC 
 37,401 
 74.80 
 
 SPKX 
 JANE STREET CAPITAL LLC 
 4,225 
 8.45 

b. Security
 Ownership of Management. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
 ownership of shares by the executive officers of the Sponsor as of December 31, 2022. Except
 as listed, no other executive officer of the Sponsor is a beneficial owner of shares of a
 Fund. 

Title
 of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 
 
 SPKY 
 JOSEPH W. FERRARO III 
 2,000 
 4.00 

c. Change
 in Control. The Sponsor does not know of any arrangements which may subsequently result
 in a change in the control of the Trust. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

See
Items 11 and 12 of this Annual Report. 

Neither
the Trust nor the Fund entered into any transaction in excess of 120,000 in which any related person had a direct or indirect material
interest and the Trust and the Fund does not propose to enter into any such transaction. 

Director
Independence 

As
an unincorporated entity, the registrant does not have a Board of Directors. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
fees for services accrued and/or billed to the Funds for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

SPKY 
 SPKX 
 Convexity Shares Trust (Combined) 
 
 Audit Fees 
 13,000.00 
 13,000.00 
 26,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 Total 
 13,000.00 
 13,000.00 
 26,000.00 

Approval
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Services and Fees 

The
Sponsor approved all of the services provided by Cohen Company, ltd. to the Funds described above. The Sponsor pre-approves all
audit and allowed non-audit services of the Funds independent registered public accounting firm, including all engagement fees
and terms. 

37 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

1. 
 See Index to Financial
 Statements on page F-1. 

2. 
 No financial statement
 schedules are filed herewith because (i) such schedules are not required or (ii) the information required has been presented in the
 aforementioned financial statements. 

3. 
 Exhibits required to be
 filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

38 

Exhibit
Index 

Listed
below are the exhibits which are filed or furnished as part of this annual report on Form 10-K (according to the number assigned to them
in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

3.1 
 
 Declaration
 of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Registrant. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Trust of the Registrant. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Trust s Securities 
 
 5.1 
 
 Opinion
 of Sullivan Worcester LLP relating to the legality of the Shares. (2) 
 
 8.1 
 
 Opinion
 of Sullivan Worcester LLP with respect to federal income tax consequences. (2) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Unified
 Fee Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Trading
 Authorization Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form
 of Authorized Participant Agreement. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Marketing
 Agent Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Custody
 Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Fund
 Administration Servicing Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Fund
 Accounting Servicing Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Transfer
 Agent Servicing Agreement. (2) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Sullivan Worcester LLP. (Included in Exhibit 5.1) 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. (3) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 107 
 
 Filing
 Fee Table. (2) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Previously filed as like-numbered
 exhibit to Registration Statement No. 333-256463, filed on May 25, 2021. 

(2) 
 Previously filed as like-numbered
 exhibit to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-256463, filed on March 22, 2022. 

(3) 
 Previously filed as like-numbered
 exhibit to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement No. 333-256463, filed on April 29, 2022. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ConvexityShares Trust
 (Registrant) 

By: 
 ConvexityShares, LLC 

its Sponsor 

By: 
 /s/ Simon
 Ho 

Name: 
 Simon Ho 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Melinda
 Ho 

Name: 
 Melinda Ho 

Principal Financial Officer 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

40 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_convexity.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUST'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

Description of Shares 

Form of Shares 

Registered Form 

ConvexityShares Trust (the Trust shares are issued in registered form in accordance with the Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement dated April 12, 2021 (the Trust
Agreement ). U.S. Bank has been appointed registrar and transfer agent for the purpose of transferring shares in certificated form.
U.S. Bank keeps a record of all limited partners and holders of the shares in certificated form in the registry (the Register ).
ConvexityShares LLC (the Sponsor recognizes transfers of shares in certificated form only if done in accordance with the
Trust Agreement. The beneficial interests in such shares are held in book-entry form through participants and/or accountholders in the
Depository Trust Company DTC ). 

Book Entry 

Individual certificates are not issued for the
shares. Instead, shares are represented by one or more global certificates, which are deposited by the Trust s administrator with,
or on behalf of, DTC and registered in the name of Cede Co., as nominee for DTC. The global certificates evidence all of the shares
outstanding at any time. Shareholders are limited to (1) participants in DTC such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies DTC
Participants ), (2) banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies who maintain, either directly or indirectly, a custodial relationship
with, or clear through, a DTC Participant Indirect Participants ), and (3) persons holding interests in the shares through
DTC Participants or Indirect Participants, in each case who satisfy the requirements for transfers of shares. 

Shareholders will be shown on, and the transfer
of shares will be effected only through, in the case of DTC Participants, the records maintained by the Depository and, in the case of
Indirect Participants and shareholders holding through a DTC Participant or an Indirect Participant, through those records or the records
of the relevant DTC Participants or Indirect Participants. Shareholders are expected to receive, from or through the broker or bank that
maintains the account through which the shareholders has purchased shares, a written confirmation relating to their purchase of shares. 

Transfer of Shares 

The shares are only transferable through the book-entry
system of DTC. Shareholders who are not DTC Participants may transfer their shares through DTC by instructing the DTC Participant holding
their shares (or by instructing the Indirect Participant or other entity through which their shares are held) to transfer the shares.
Transfers are made in accordance with standard securities industry practice. 

Transfers of interests in shares with DTC are
made in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of DTC and the nature of the transfer. DTC has established procedures
to facilitate transfers among the participants and/or accountholders of DTC. Because DTC can only act on behalf of DTC Participants, who
in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person or entity having an interest in a global certificate to pledge
such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected
by the lack of a certificate or other definitive document representing such interest. 

DTC has advised us that it will take any action
permitted to be taken by a shareholder (including, without limitation, the presentation of a global certificate for exchange) only at
the direction of one or more DTC Participants in whose account with DTC interests in global certificates are credited and only in respect
of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of the global certificate as to which such DTC Participant or Participants has or have
given such direction. 

Management; Voting by Shareholders 

The shareholders of the Trust take no part in
the management or control, and have no voice in the Trust s operations or business. 

The Sponsor has the right unilaterally to amend
the Trust Agreement as it applies to the Trust provided that the shareholders have the right to vote only if expressly required under
Delaware or federal law or rules or regulations of the NYSE Arca, or if submitted to the shareholders by the Sponsor in its sole discretion.
No amendment affecting the Trust s Trustee shall be binding upon or effective against the Trustee unless consented to by the Trustee
in the form of an instruction letter. 

Unless otherwise specified in the Trust Agreement
or in federal law or regulations of rules on any exchange, any matter upon which the shareholders vote shall be approved by the affirmative
vote of shareholders holding shares representing at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding shares of the Trust or the applicable series, as
the case may be. 

Creation and Redemption of Shares 

The Trust creates and redeems shares from time
to time, but only in one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets. The creation and redemption of Baskets are only made in exchange
for delivery to the Trust or the distribution by the Trust of the amount of Treasuries and/or any cash represented by the Baskets being
created or redeemed, the amount of which is based on the combined net asset value of the number of shares included in the Baskets being
created or redeemed determined as of 4:00 p.m. E.T. on the day the order to create or redeem Baskets is properly received. 

Authorized Participants are the
only persons that may place orders to create and redeem Baskets. Authorized Participants must be (1) registered broker-dealers or other
securities market participants, such as banks and other financial institutions, that are not required to register as broker- dealers to
engage in securities transactions described below, and (2) DTC Participants. To become an Authorized Participant, a person must enter
into an Authorized Participant Agreement with the Sponsor. 

Termination Events 

The Trust will dissolve at any time upon the happening
of any of the following events: 

The filing of a certificate of dissolution or revocation
of the Sponsor s charter (and the expiration of 90 days after the date of notice to the Sponsor of revocation without a reinstatement
of its charter) or upon written notice by the Sponsor of its withdrawal as Sponsor, unless (i) at the time there is at least one remaining
Sponsor and that remaining Sponsor carries on the business of the Trust or (ii) within 90 days of such event of withdrawal all the remaining
shareholders agree in writing to continue the business of the Trust and to select, effective as of the date of such event, one or more
successor Sponsors. If the Trust is terminated as the result of an event of withdrawal and a failure of all remaining shareholders to
continue the business of the Trust and to appoint a successor Sponsor as provided above within 120 days of such event of withdrawal,
shareholders holding shares representing at least a majority (over 50 of the net asset value (not including shares held by the Sponsor
and its affiliates) may elect to continue the business of the Trust by forming a new statutory trust, or reconstituted trust, on the
same terms and provisions as set forth in the Trust Agreement. Any such election must also provide for the election of a Sponsor to the
reconstituted trust. If such an election is made, all shareholders of the Trust shall be bound thereby and continue as shareholders of
the reconstituted trust. 

The occurrence of any event which would make unlawful the
continued existence of the Trust. 

In the event of the suspension, revocation or termination
of the Sponsor s registration as a commodity pool operator, or membership as a commodity pool operator with the National Futures
Association (if, in either case, such registration is required at such time unless at the time there is at least one remaining Sponsor
whose registration or membership has not been suspended, revoked or terminated). 

The Trust becomes insolvent or bankrupt. 

The shareholders holding shares representing at least seventy-five
percent (75 of the net asset value (which excludes the shares of the Sponsor) vote to dissolve the Trust, notice of which is sent to
the Sponsor not less than ninety (90) business days prior to the effective date of termination. 

The determination of the Sponsor that the aggregate net assets
of the Trust in relation to the operating expenses of the Trust make it unreasonable or imprudent to continue the business of the Trust. 

The Trust is required to be registered as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

DTC is unable or unwilling to continue to perform its functions,
and a comparable replacement is unavailable. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_convexity.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal
Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Simon Ho, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ConvexityShares
Trust; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other(s) certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Simon Ho 

Name: 
 Simon Ho 

Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer 

ConvexityShares Trust 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_convexity.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal
Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Melinda Ho, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ConvexityShares
Trust; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Melinda Ho 

Name: 
 Melinda Ho 

Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer 

ConvexityShares Trust 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_convexity.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal
Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period from
May 13, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (the Report of ConvexityShares Trust (the Registrant and each of its Funds,
as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Simon Ho, the Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant,
hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Simon Ho 

Name: 
 Simon Ho 

Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer 

ConvexityShares Trust 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_convexity.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Principal
Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the period from May 13, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (the Report of ConvexityShares Trust (the Registrant and each of its Funds, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Melinda Ho, the Principal Financial
Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Melinda Ho 

Name: 
 Melinda Ho 

Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer 

ConvexityShares Trust 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 spyc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 spyc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 spyc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 spyc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 spyc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

