<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1845437_0001213900-23-016333.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3872931</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>268702</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>775251</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>766614</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1004804</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>961472</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-016333.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301190203
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-016333
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rice Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845437
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRICAL INDUSTRIAL APPARATUS [3620]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40503
		FILM NUMBER:		23695722

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 EAST MAIN STREET, SECOND STORY
		CITY:			CARNEGIE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-564-1848

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		102 EAST MAIN STREET, SECOND STORY
		CITY:			CARNEGIE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-016333.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_riceacq2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not Applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001, and one-fourth of one warrant RONI U The New York Stock Exchange Warrants, exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 RONI WS The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was million. 

As of February 15, 2023, Class A ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Certain
 Terms 
 
 ii 
 
 Cautionary
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 iii 

PART
 I 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 20 

PART
 II 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 30 

PART
 III 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 41 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 45 

PART
 IV 
 
 46 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statements Schedules 
 
 46 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 47 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Affiliated Joint Acquisition are to an acquisition opportunity jointly with our sponsor, or one or more affiliates, including Rice Investment Group and/or one or more of its portfolio companies; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

equity-linked securities are to any securities of our company or any of our subsidiaries which are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, equity securities of our company or such subsidiary, including any securities issued by our company or any of our subsidiaries which are pledged to secure any obligation of any holder to purchase equity securities of our company or any of our subsidiaries, and including Opco Units; 

founder units are to the Class B Units of Opco initially issued in a private placement to our sponsor prior to our initial public offering (or the Class A Units of Opco into which such Class B Units will convert) and a corresponding number of our non-economic Class B ordinary shares; 

initial shareholders are to holders of our founder units and sponsor units prior to our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Opco are to Rice Acquisition Holdings II LLC; 

Opco Units are to the Class A Units and Class B Units of Opco; 

Ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares, collectively; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering and, unless otherwise stated herein, the 2,500 Class A ordinary shares forming part of the sponsor units, which collectively represent 100 of the economic interests in Rice Acquisition Corp. II; 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and member of our management team s status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering; 

Rice Investment Group are a multi-strategy fund controlled by the Rice family and other members of our management focused on a diverse array of energy related investments, including energy transition investments; 

sponsor are to Rice Acquisition Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Our sponsor is controlled by its managing members, Daniel Joseph Rice, IV and J. Kyle Derham, and owned by members of our management and other individuals and is an affiliate of Rice Investment Group; 

sponsor units are to the 100 Class A Units of Opco and corresponding number of our non-economic Class B ordinary shares (which together will be exchangeable into Class A ordinary shares after our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis) and the 2,500 Class A ordinary shares purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering; 

Trust Account are to the trust account established at the consummation of our initial public offering that holds the net proceeds of the sale of the units in our initial public offering and of the private placement warrants in the private placement and that is maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee; and 

we, us, company or our company are to Rice Acquisition Corp. II and Opco. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report, including, without
limitation, statements under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ).
These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, 
 estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, 
 will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, 
or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not
materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate
any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements
are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but
not limited to: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses if we do not complete our proposed business combination with NET Power, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company NET Power 

our ability to complete our proposed business combination with NET Power or any other initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of NET Power or any other prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses if we do not complete our proposed business combination with NET Power; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from general economic conditions and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or other significant outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the coronavirus (COVID-19)); 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities if we do not complete our proposed business combination with NET Power; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors 
may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the
future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested
by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity,
and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those
results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

PART I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout
this Report as our initial business combination. We are an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all
of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

On February 10, 2021, our
sponsor received 7,187,500 Class B Units of Opco for no consideration and purchased 7,187,600 of the Company s Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001, 2,500 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares and 100 Class A Units of Opco for aggregate consideration
of 26,000. Of the aggregate consideration, Opco received 1,000 for the Class A Units and the Company received 25,000 for the Class
A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares. The Company then subscribed for 2,500 Class A Units of Opco for 25,000. In June 2021, our
sponsor forfeited 90,000 Class B Units of Opco, and 30,000 Class B Units of Opco were issued to each of the Company s independent
directors. Our sponsor transferred a corresponding number of shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares to the Company s
independent directors. In June 2021, the Company effected a dividend, and Opco effected a distribution, resulting in an aggregate of 8,625,000
Class B ordinary shares and 8,624,900 Class B Units of Opco outstanding, of which our sponsor owned 8,535,000 of the Company s Class
B ordinary shares and 8,534,900 Class B Units of Opco. Upon a liquidation of Opco, distributions generally will be made to the holders
of Opco Units on a pro rata basis, subject to certain limitations with respect to the Class B Units of Opco, including that, prior to
the completion of the initial business combination, such Class B Units will not be entitled to participate in a liquidating distribution. 

On June 18, 2021, the Company
consummated its initial public offering of 34,500,000 units, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase
an additional 4,500,000 units to cover over-allotments, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 345.0 million, and incurring
offering costs of approximately 19.1 million, of which approximately 11.7 million and approximately 593,000 was for deferred underwriting
commissions and offering costs allocated to the derivative warrant liabilities, respectively. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 10,900,000 warrants
(each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per
Private Placement Warrant to our sponsor, generating proceeds of 10.9 million. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase
one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares or one Class A Unit of Opco together with a corresponding non-economic Class B ordinary
share of the Company. 

Proposed Business Combination 

On December 13, 2022, we entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the Business Combination ), by and among RONI,
Opco, Topo Buyer Co, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Opco RONI Buyer ),
Topo Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of RONI Buyer Merger Sub and NET Power. 

1 

The Business Combination Agreement
and the Business Combination were unanimously approved by the boards of directors of each of RONI and NET Power. Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, among other things: 

(i) RONI will change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company
and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, upon which, (a) RONI will change
its name to NET Power Inc. , (b) each then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share of a par value 0.0001 each in the
capital of RONI will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, to a share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of
RONI Class A Common Stock ), (c) each then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary share of a par value 0.0001 each in
the capital of RONI will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, to a share of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of RONI Class B Common Stock ), and (d) each issued and outstanding warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share in the
capital of RONI at a price of 11.50 per share will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into a whole warrant exercisable for
one share of Class A Common Stock; 

(ii) Following RONI s domestication, Opco will change its jurisdiction of formation by deregistering
as a Cayman Islands limited liability company and continuing and domesticating as a limited liability company formed under the laws of
the State of Delaware (together with RONI s domestication, the Domestications ), upon which, (a) Opco will change its
name to NET Power Operations LLC , (b) each then issued and outstanding Class A Unit of Opco will convert automatically,
on a one-for-one basis, to a Class A Unit of Opco as issued and outstanding pursuant to the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Limited
Liability Company Agreement of Opco to be entered into in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the A R
LLC Agreement ), and (c) each then issued and outstanding Class B Unit of Opco will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis,
to either (i) a Class A Unit of Opco as issued and outstanding pursuant to the A R LLC Agreement or (ii) a Class B Unit of Opco as
issued and outstanding pursuant to the terms of the A R LLC Agreement; and 

(iii) Following the Domestications, Merger Sub will merge with and into NET Power, with NET Power surviving
the merger as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of RONI Buyer, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the certificate of merger,
pursuant to which (a) all of the equity interests of NET Power that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination
will, in connection with the Business Combination, be cancelled, cease to exist and be converted into the right to receive an aggregate
of 135,698,078 Class A Units of Opco and an equivalent number of shares of Class B Common Stock (one share of Class B Common Stock together
with one Class A Unit or Class B Unit of Opco, a RONI Interest ), subject to adjustment for (i) NET Power shares issued pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Joint Development Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, by and among NET Power; RONI; Opco; Nuovo Pignone International,
S.r.l., an Italian limited liability company; and Nuovo Pignone Tecnologie S.r.l., an Italian limited liability company, as of the date
on which the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement occurs (the Closing Date and
(ii) cash funding raised by NET Power following entry into the Business Combination Agreement and retained on its books as of the Closing
Date, as allocated pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, and (b) any equity interests of NET Power that are held in the treasury
of NET Power or owned by any subsidiary of NET Power immediately prior to the Business Combination will be cancelled and cease to exist. 

Following the Business Combination,
holders of Class A Units of Opco (other than RONI) will have the right (an exchange right ), subject to certain limitations,
to exchange RONI Interests for, at RONI s option, (i) shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, or (ii) a corresponding amount of cash. RONI s
decision to make a cash payment or issue shares upon an exercise of an exchange right will be made by RONI s independent directors,
and such decision will be based on facts in existence at the time of the decision, which RONI expects would include the relative value
of the Class A Common Stock (including trading prices for the Class A Common Stock at the time), the cash purchase price, the availability
of other sources of liquidity (such as an issuance of preferred stock) to acquire the Class A Units of Opco and alternative uses for such
cash, among other considerations. 

Holders of Class A Units of
Opco (other than RONI) will generally be permitted to exercise the exchange right on a quarterly basis, subject to certain de minimis
allowances. In addition, additional exchanges may occur in connection with certain specified events, and any exchanges involving more
than a specified number of Class A Units of Opco (subject to RONI s discretion to permit exchanges of a lower number of units) may
occur at any time upon ten business days advanced notice. The exchange rights will be subject to certain limitations and restrictions
intended to reduce the administrative burden of exchanges upon RONI and ensure that Opco will continue to be treated as a partnership
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

For additional information
regarding NET Power, the Business Combination and the transactions contemplated thereby, see the registration statement on Form S-4 containing
a preliminary proxy statement and a preliminary prospectus of RONI initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC on December 22, 2022. 

Other than as specifically
discussed, this Report does not assume the closing of the Business Combination. 

2 

Market Opportunity 

We have focused our search
for a target business in the broadly defined energy transition or sustainability arena. Specifically, we have concentrated our search
on supply-side solutions and innovations that enable the economy to decarbonize in sectors that include renewable fuels, sustainable
chemical production and feedstocks, carbon capture, utilization and storage technology and equipment, applications, infrastructure and
technology focused on reducing the carbon intensity of fuels, energy production methods, and industrial processes. We believe the recent
capital market and investment activity directed at energy transition has focused on end-market applications such as vehicle electrification,
energy efficiency for consumers and sustainable and eco-conscious products. These trends are important to the overall success of
the energy transition; however, their adoption and commercial development require more focus on the production and supply of clean fuels,
sustainable energy and industrial applications and infrastructure. We believe traditional renewable electricity generation from wind and
solar will continue growing market share. These sources are ultimately limited by geography and intermittency, and will not solve the
renewable energy needs of several sub-sectors of the economy less likely to electrify. Our focus on renewable fuels and sustainable
chemical production will serve to bolster and complement the rapid development of wind and solar. Our management s history and track
record of owning and building successful energy production companies provides us with unique and differentiated insights into how the
traditional fossil fuel-based energy value chain is changing to accommodate for a lower carbon footprint and a more sustainable future. 

The potential growth in the
production and consumption of sustainable fuels, including renewable natural gas RNG ), blue and green hydrogen, renewable
diesel, renewable jet fuel, low or zero-carbon synthetic fuels and fuels that incorporate carbon capture, utilization and storage
represents a significant market opportunity. We believe the widespread adoption of renewable fuels by major sectors of the economy such
as freight, air and marine transportation, residential and industrial heating and power generation and energy storage will create a profound
disruption resulting in a very large addressable market. The carbon intensity of energy and industrial production methods is one of the
main drivers for the adoption of renewable and low-carbon fuels. For example, traditional cement and steel production is very energy
intensive and polluting and can be decarbonized using clean fuels in heat generation and carbon capture, utilization and storage to reduce
process-related emissions. 

In addition, the infrastructure,
industrial and technological requirements to increase the market penetration of sustainable fuels also present tremendous opportunity.
Equipment, applications and installations such as anaerobic digesters that produce RNG, biodiesel plants that manufacture renewable diesel
and electrolyzers that generate clean hydrogen need to be scaled up to handle increased demand and compete in markets including and beyond
the transportation sector. 

Large publicly traded companies
in the energy, utility and waste management sectors have made significant investments in renewable energy production and infrastructure
projects to meet their own emission reduction targets and adapt to changing regulatory frameworks and customer preferences. The advent
of RNG, renewable diesel and blue and green hydrogen and technologies on carbon capture, utilization and storage will further increase
the range of applications and use cases for renewable and zero-emission fuels over the longer term. 

Furthermore, sustainable chemicals
and materials also represent large addressable markets that displace carbon intensive fossil fuel-based products with lower emission
sustainable alternatives. Petrochemicals can be replaced using biomass and recycled waste products as feedstock. The production of building
materials can be decarbonized using recycling technologies and novel circular production methods that convert traditional waste products
into valuable energy and/or feedstock sources. 

Business Strategy 

Our acquisition and value
creation strategy is to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, build a company whose principal effort is developing
and advancing the objectives of global decarbonization while generating attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. We
believe that our proposed business combination with NET Power is consistent with our business strategy. Our acquisition strategy leverages
our management team s and Rice Investment Group s network of potential proprietary and public transaction sources where we
believe a combination of our relationships, knowledge and experience in the renewable and energy industries could effect a positive transformation
or augmentation of existing businesses or properties. Our goal is to build a focused business with multiple competitive advantages that
have the potential to improve the target business s overall value proposition. We utilize the network and industry experience of
our management team and Rice Investment Group in seeking an initial business combination and employing our acquisition strategy. Over
the course of their careers, the members of our management team and their affiliates, including Rice Investment Group, have developed
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe serves as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. In addition
to industry and lending community relationships, we leverage relationships with management teams of public and private companies, investment
bankers, restructuring advisers, attorneys and accountants, which we believe provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. 

3 

Our management team and board
of directors have an extensive network of contacts that they leverage in their efforts in identifying an attractive target with operations
in a sustainability related sector. We believe this existing network and long history of working together are advantages in sourcing potential
business combination targets. We also believe that our management team s reputation, experience and track record make us a preferred
counterparty for public and private companies with operations in a sustainability related sector. We also believe many privately held
and publicly traded companies consider the Rice Investment Group to be a trustworthy partner and recognize the firm s ability to
support value and enhance returns. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with our business
strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets
for our initial business combination. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide
to enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire target
businesses that we believe: 

operate in high growth, large addressable markets with favorable long-term market dynamics; 

display differentiated business attributes and/or product offerings that provide us confidence on the long-term prospects and profitability of the company; 

are fundamentally sound and can benefit from a partnership with us by leveraging the operational, transactional, financial, managerial and investment experience of our management team and Rice Investment Group; 

can utilize the extensive networks and insights that our management team and Rice Investment Group have built in the renewable and energy industry; 

are at an inflection point, such as requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate through new operational techniques, or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance; 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics, desirable returns on capital, and a need for capital to achieve the company s growth strategy, that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace based on our analysis and due diligence review; and 

will offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. 

Potential upside from growth
in the target business and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks. In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and key employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and
other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our management team s transactional, financial, managerial
and investment experience. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business
combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file
with the SEC. 

Initial Business Combination 

The NYSE rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in trust
(net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held
in trust) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. Our board will make the determination as to the
fair market value of a target business or businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of a target
business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority Inc., or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider
it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses,
it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business or there is a significant
amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects. 

4 

We may pursue an acquisition
opportunity jointly with our sponsor, or one or more affiliates, including Rice Investment Group and/or one or more of its portfolio companies,
which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business
at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such
parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation to make any such investment
and may compete with us for potential business combinations. Any such issuance of equity or equity-linked securities would, on a
fully diluted basis, reduce the percentage ownership of our then-existing shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to
the anti-dilution provisions of our founder units, issuances or deemed issuances of our Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
would result in an adjustment to the number of Class A Units of Opco into which the Class B Units of Opco are expected to convert
(unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding founder units agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or
deemed issuance) so that, after all founder units have been exchanged for our Class A ordinary shares, the aggregate number of our
Class A ordinary shares received by holders in exchange for founder units would equal, on an as converted basis, 20 of the sum of
the total outstanding ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial public offering plus all of our Class A ordinary shares
and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with, or in certain circumstances described in the Opco LLC Agreement,
at specified times after, the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to
any seller in the business combination and excluding the sponsor units). 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that we will control 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target
business or businesses or (ii) in such a way so that we control less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business
in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, including an Affiliated Joint
Acquisition as described above. However, we will only complete a business combination if we control 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise are not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if we control 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a
substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In
this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of
new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares
subsequent to our initial business combination. If we control less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or
businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that is controlled is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value
of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for seeking shareholder
approval or for purposes of a tender offer, as applicable. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

5 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will
be made available to us. We will also utilize our transactional, financial, managerial and investment experience. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with or from a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, including
a portfolio company of Rice Investment Group, or from entering into an agreement with our sponsor, officers or directors or their affiliates
with respect to the operation of any business we acquire in connection with the initial business combination. In the event we seek to
complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of
FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management
team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder units, sponsor units and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Also, one of our directors cannot provide
services for, or directly or indirectly own an interest in, any business that does or seeks to do business with or is in competition with
EQT Corporation EQT ), without the prior written approval of EQT. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary
or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination,
or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no
individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce
any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be
a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our sponsor and its affiliates
manage numerous investment vehicles, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities, and if pursued by them, we may be precluded
from such opportunities for our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, as well as Rice Investment
Group and its portfolio companies, may sponsor, form or participate in other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or
may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies,
businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination, particularly in the
event there is overlap among investment mandates. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor and certain of our officers and directors formed
and sponsored Rice Acquisition Corp. Rice I ), a blank check company like our company that was formed to consummate an initial
business combination. Rice I completed its initial public offering in October 2020, in which it sold 23,725,000 units, each consisting
of one share of Class A common stock of Rice I and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of Class A common
stock of Rice I, for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 237,250,000. On September 15, 2021, Rice
I completed its business combination transaction with Aria Energy LLC and Archaea Energy LLC, which created an industry-leading renewable
natural gas platform. Following the business combination (the Rice I Business Combination ), the combined company was renamed
 Archaea Energy Inc. and was acquired by BP Products North America Inc. in December 2022. However, we do not believe that
any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor,
officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of
interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring
the related due diligence. 

6 

We have filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject
to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting
or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Our Management Team 

Members of our management
team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem
necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any members of our management
team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the current stage of the business combination process. 

We believe our management
team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential
business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts
and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring
and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the
experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. See the section of
this Report entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for a more complete description of our management
team s experience. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes
us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative
to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction
with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target
business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company), Opco Units (and corresponding Class B ordinary
shares) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares, Opco Units (and corresponding Class B ordinary shares) and cash,
allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more
expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public
offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are
significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present
to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent
the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater
access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability
to use its equity as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile
among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

7 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of
the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial
public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC
rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary
shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than
 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter or (ii) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter. 

Financial Position 

Upon the closing of our initial
public offering, approximately 345 million of the net proceeds were placed in the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities within the meaning
of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined
by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. Because we are
able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs
and desires. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private
placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued
to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other
sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its
early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

8 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance
of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial
business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may need to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds
held in our Trust Account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no
prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential
availability of the backstop arrangement with our sponsor and arrangement with the certain investors (the PIPE Investors that agreed to subscribe for and purchase from RONI, and RONI has agreed to issue and sell to the PIPE Investors, an aggregate of 22,545,000
newly issued shares of Class A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of 225,400,000, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the subscription agreements entered into as part of our Business Combination, we are not currently a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt
or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target
business candidates will be brought to our attention from various affiliated and unaffiliated sources, including, investment market participants,
private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses
may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources
may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources
will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates
and other affiliated sources may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business
contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In
addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us
as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of
professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other
individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an
arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines
that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited
basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is
customarily tied to completion of a transaction in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In
no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates be paid by us any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses
related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into
employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence
or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with or from a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, including
a portfolio company of Rice Investment Group, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with
our sponsor, officers or directors or their affiliates, including Rice Investment Group and/or one or more of its portfolio companies.
We are also not prohibited from entering into an agreement with our sponsor, officers or directors or their affiliates with respect to
the operation of any business we acquire in connection with the initial business combination. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required
to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

9 

As more fully discussed in
the section of this Report entitled Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, if any of
our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to
which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may pursue an Affiliated
Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity
may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to
complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

The NYSE rules require that
our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at
least 80 of the net assets held in trust (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding the amount
of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The
fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted
by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we control 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
are not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we control less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are controlled is what will be valued for
purposes of the NYSE s 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target
business with which we may ultimately complete our business combination. 

To the extent we effect our
business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may
be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as
a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with
a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

Any costs incurred with respect
to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our business combination is not
ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.
The Company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered
to or in connection with our initial business combination. 

10 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon
Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in
the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay franchise and income taxes of the Company or Opco, if any, divided by the number
of then-outstanding public shares and Class A Units of Opco (other than those held by Rice Acquisition Corp. II), subject to
the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will
pay to the underwriters. Pursuant to the Opco LLC Agreement and a letter agreement that our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into with us, they have agreed that any founder units and sponsor units held by them will not be entitled to redemption rights, and they
will waive any such redemption rights for any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
In connection with the redemption of any public shares, a corresponding number of Class A Units of Opco held by us will also be redeemed. 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However,
the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be
transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other
conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be
required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceeds the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not
complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer.
The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made
by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms
of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether
we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules).
Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval, while direct mergers with our company and any
transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with
a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to
conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. 

If we hold a shareholder vote
to approve our initial business combination, we will: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case,
our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder units, sponsor units and public shares in favor of
our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder units, we would need 12,937,501,
or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 2,156,251, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing
a quorum are voted), of the 34,500,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination
in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective
of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction or votes at all. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
requires that at least five days notice will be given of any such general meeting. 

11 

If we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NYSE listing or Exchange Act registration. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate
any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order
to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we
are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer
and not complete such initial business combination. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of
our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with
any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage
shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares
as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on
other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial
public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder s shares are not
purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting
our shareholders ability to redeem to no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit
the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination,
particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
all shares held by those shareholders that hold more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering) for or against our initial
business combination. 

12 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public shareholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required
to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository
Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days
prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable
delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its
shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender
offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if
we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively
short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass
this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise
redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the
timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking
to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market.
If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his
or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit
before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the
redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming
holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve
the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such
holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds
to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of
our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business
combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering. 

13 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate
an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
our initial public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to us to pay franchise and income taxes of the Company or Opco, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares and Class A Units of Opco (other than those held by Rice Acquisition
Corp. II), which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing
procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Pursuant to the Opco LLC Agreement
and a letter agreement that our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into with us, they have agreed that any founder units held
by them are not entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account, and they will not be entitled to any such rights to liquidating
distributions for any founder units if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
our initial public offering. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares and the sponsor units, if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary
shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, unless we
provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay franchise and income taxes of the Company or Opco, if any, divided by the number
of the then-outstanding public shares and Class A Units of Opco (other than those held by Rice Acquisition Corp. II). However,
we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not
then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to
an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment
or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such
amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any officer or director, or any other person. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will
be funded from amounts remaining out of the proceeds of the IPO held outside the Trust Account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the Trust
Account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

14 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the
Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you
that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts,
if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have
all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including, but not limited,
to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our
management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that
has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us
than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the
engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing
to execute a waiver. The representatives of the underwriters will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held
in the Trust Account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future
as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account
for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public
accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts
in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust
Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of
the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay tax obligations of the company or Opco, provided that
such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the representatives of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result,
if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions
could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination,
and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held
in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay tax obligations of the company
or Opco, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our
sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative
to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be
less than 10.00 per public share. 

15 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our sponsor will also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders
who received funds from the Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors; however, such liability will not be greater than
the amount of funds from our Trust Account received by any such shareholder. 

If we file a bankruptcy or
winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete
the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy and/or insolvency
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims
of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure
you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares and any Class A
Units of Opco (other than those held by Rice Acquisition Corp. II) if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares
the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or (iii) if
they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their
Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be
entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not
consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such
Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in
the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s
voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

16 

Competition 

On December 13, 2022, we entered into the Business Combination Agreement; however, the consummation of the Business Combination is subject
to various terms and conditions and may not be successfully completed. In the event the Business Combination is not consummated, we will
need to identify another target business. In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public
companies, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial,
technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation
to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for
our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial
business combination. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are
located at 102 East Main Street, Second Story, Carnegie, Pennsylvania 15106, and our telephone number is (713) 446-6259. The cost for
our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support
and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 

We currently have two officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time
as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that they will devote
in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of
the business combination process we are in. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units,
Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file
annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain
financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide shareholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable)
sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with GAAP, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS,
depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets
may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified
by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above,
or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above.
To the extent that any applicable requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may
limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation is material. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited.
A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

17 

We have filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject
to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting
or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted
company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted
from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we received a tax exemption undertaking from the
Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a
period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied
on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income,
gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares,
debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution
of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation
of us. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of
the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation
pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value
of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (ii) the
date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeded
 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (ii) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the prior June 30th. 

18 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we may not be able to complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting redemption; 

Trust Account funds may not be protected against third-party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; and 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the Trust Account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination. 

For more information about
our risk factors, see Item 1A of Part I in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and the section titled
 Risk Factors contained in our Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed on February 2, 2023, as the
same may be amended or supplemented, with respect to our initial business combination. 

19 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our executive offices are
located at 102 East Main Street, Second Story, Carnegie, Pennsylvania 15106, and our telephone number is (713) 446-6259. The cost for
our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support
and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management,
there is no material litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary
shares and warrants are each traded on the NYSE under the symbol RONI U , RONI and RONI WS respectively.
Our units commenced public trading on June 16, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on August 6, 2021. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On February 15, 2023, there
was one holder of record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, four holders of record of our Class B ordinary
shares and two holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not
currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

On February 10, 2021, our
sponsor was issued 7,187,500 Class B Units of Opco for no consideration and was issued 7,187,600 of our Class B ordinary shares, 2,500
of our Class A ordinary shares and 100 Class A Units of Opco for aggregate consideration of 26,000. Of the aggregate consideration, Opco
received 1,000 for the Class A Units and we received 25,000 for the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares. We then
subscribed for 2,500 Class A Units of Opco for 25,000. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

In June 2021, our sponsor
forfeited 90,000 Class B Units of Opco, and 30,000 Class B Units of Opco were issued to each of our independent directors. Our sponsor
transferred a corresponding number of our Class B ordinary shares to our independent directors. In June 2021, we effected a dividend,
and Opco effected a distribution, resulting in an aggregate of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares and 8,624,900 Class B Units of Opco outstanding,
of which our sponsor owns 8,535,000 of our Class B ordinary shares and 8,534,900 Class B Units of Opco. 

On June 18, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 34,500,000 Units, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional
4,500,000 Units to cover over-allotments. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds
of 345.0 million. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statements on Form S-1
(Nos. 333-254080 and 333-257127), which became effective on June 15, 2021. 

21 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 10.9 million. Such
securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

A certain portion of the proceeds
from the sale of the private placement warrants to our sponsor was added to the proceeds from the initial public offering held in the
Trust Account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the private placement warrants
will expire worthless. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long
as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Use of Proceeds 

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
and Barclays Capital Inc. acted as joint bookrunning managers for our initial public offering and AmeriVet Securities Inc. and Academy
Securities Inc. acted as co-managers of our initial public offering. Estimated offering expenses, excluding underwriting discounts, were
approximately 2 million, and underwriting discounts were approximately 18.4 million. The underwriters of our initial public offering
have agreed to defer 11.7 million of the total underwriting commissions (the Deferred Discount ), which shall be paid to
the underwriters from the funds held in the Trust Account upon and concurrently with the consummation of our initial business combination;
provided, however, that if no business combination is consummated within the time period provided in the Investment Management Trust Agreement,
dated June 15, 2021 (the Trust Agreement ), between the Company, Opco and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
as trustee, and the funds held under the Trust Agreement are distributed to the public shareholders, (i) the underwriters will forfeit
any rights or claims to the Deferred Discount and (ii) the trustee under the Trust Agreement is authorized to distribute the Deferred
Discount to the public shareholders on a pro rata basis. 

There has been no material
change in the planned use of proceeds from such use as described in our final prospectus for our initial public offering, which was filed
with the SEC on June 17, 2021. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on February 2, 2021. As used herein, we or the Company refers
to Rice Acquisition Corp. II and our majority-owned and controlled operating subsidiary, Rice Acquisition Holdings II LLC OpCo ),
unless the context indicates otherwise. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ).
We are an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging
growth companies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
not commenced any operations. All activity to date relates to our formation and the preparation for initial public offering (the Initial
Public Offering ), described below. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business
Combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments from the proceeds derived
from the Initial Public Offering (as defined below). We have selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

Our sponsor is Rice Acquisition
Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering
was declared effective on June 15, 2021. On June 18, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 34,500,000 units (the Units 
and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), which included
the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 4,500,000 Units to cover over-allotments, at 10.00 per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of 345.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 19.1 million, of which approximately
 11.7 million and approximately 593,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions and offering costs allocated to the derivative warrant
liabilities, respectively. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 10,900,000 warrants (each, a
 Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private
Placement Warrant to our Sponsor, generating proceeds of 10.9 million. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one
of our Class A ordinary shares or one Class A Unit of OpCo together with a corresponding non-economic Class B ordinary share of the Company. 

22 

Following the Initial Public
Offering, the Public Shareholders (as defined below) hold a direct economic equity ownership interest in us in the form of Class A ordinary
shares, and an indirect ownership interest in Opco through our ownership of Class A Units of Opco. By contrast, the holders of our Founder
Units and Sponsor Units (each as defined below), including our officers and directors to the extent they hold such shares (the Initial
Shareholders ), own direct economic interests in Opco in the form of Class B Units and a corresponding non-economic voting equity
interest in us in the form of Class B ordinary shares, as well as a small direct interest through the Sponsor Units. We refer to the 8,624,900
Class B ordinary shares and corresponding number of Class B Units of Opco (or the Class A Units of Opco into which such Class B Units
will convert) collectively as the Founder Units . We refer to the 2,500 Class A ordinary shares and the 100 Class A Units
of Opco and a corresponding number of shares of the Company s non-economic Class B ordinary shares (which together will be exchangeable
into Class A ordinary shares after the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis) collectively as the Sponsor Units . 

Upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement, 345,026,000 of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and
of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the
United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested only in U.S. government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

Our management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There
is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial Business Combinations
having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management
for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in the Trust Account)
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if
the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

We will provide the holders
of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to
redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder
meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion. The Public Shareholders will
be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially at 10.00 per
Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our tax
obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the
deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified
as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
We will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. We will
not redeem the Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If a shareholder vote is
not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to its amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required
by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, we will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with
a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may
elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If we seek shareholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Shareholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares
purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination. 

23 

If we are unable to complete
a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or June 18, 2023 (the Combination Period ),
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our or Opco s
taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares
and Class A Units of Opco (other than those held by us), which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail
to consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

Pursuant to the Opco LLC Agreement
and a letter agreement that our Sponsor and our officers and directors have entered into with us, our Sponsor, and our officers and directors
agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail
to consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete an initial
Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). 

Proposed Business Combination 

On December 13, 2022, we entered
into a Business Combination Agreement (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the Business Combination ), by and among RONI,
Opco, Topo Buyer Co, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Opco RONI Buyer ),
Topo Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of RONI Buyer Merger Sub and NET Power. 

The Business Combination Agreement
and the Business Combination were unanimously approved by the boards of directors of each of RONI and NET Power. Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, among other things: 

(iv) RONI will change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company
and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, upon which, (a) RONI will change
its name to NET Power Inc. , (b) each then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share of a par value 0.0001 each in the
capital of RONI will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, to a share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of
RONI Class A Common Stock ), (c) each then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary share of a par value 0.0001 each in
the capital of RONI will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, to a share of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of RONI Class B Common Stock ), and (d) each issued and outstanding warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share in the
capital of RONI at a price of 11.50 per share will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into a whole warrant exercisable for
one share of Class A Common Stock; 

(v) Following RONI s domestication, Opco will change its jurisdiction of formation by deregistering
as a Cayman Islands limited liability company and continuing and domesticating as a limited liability company formed under the laws of
the State of Delaware (together with RONI s domestication, the Domestications ), upon which, (a) Opco will change its
name to NET Power Operations LLC , (b) each then issued and outstanding Class A Unit of Opco will convert automatically,
on a one-for-one basis, to a Class A Unit of Opco as issued and outstanding pursuant to the terms of the Second Amended and Restated Limited
Liability Company Agreement of Opco to be entered into in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the A R
LLC Agreement ), and (c) each then issued and outstanding Class B Unit of Opco will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis,
to either (i) a Class A Unit of Opco as issued and outstanding pursuant to the A R LLC Agreement or (ii) a Class B Unit of Opco as
issued and outstanding pursuant to the terms of the A R LLC Agreement; and 

(vi) Following the Domestications, Merger Sub will merge with and into NET Power, with NET Power surviving
the merger as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of RONI Buyer, on the terms and subject to the conditions of the certificate of merger,
pursuant to which (a) all of the equity interests of NET Power that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination
will, in connection with the Business Combination, be cancelled, cease to exist and be converted into the right to receive an aggregate
of 135,698,078 Class A Units of Opco and an equivalent number of shares of Class B Common Stock (one share of Class B Common Stock together
with one Class A Unit or Class B Unit of Opco, a RONI Interest ), subject to adjustment for (i) NET Power shares issued pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Joint Development Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, by and among NET Power; RONI; Opco; Nuovo Pignone International,
S.r.l., an Italian limited liability company; and Nuovo Pignone Tecnologie S.r.l., an Italian limited liability company, as of the date
on which the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement occurs (the Closing Date and
(ii) cash funding raised by NET Power following entry into the Business Combination Agreement and retained on its books as of the Closing
Date, as allocated pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, and (b) any equity interests of NET Power that are held in the treasury
of NET Power or owned by any subsidiary of NET Power immediately prior to the Business Combination will be cancelled and cease to exist. 

24 

Following the Business Combination,
holders of Class A Units of Opco (other than RONI) will have the right (an exchange right ), subject to certain limitations,
to exchange RONI Interests for, at RONI s option, (i) shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, or (ii) a corresponding amount of cash. RONI s
decision to make a cash payment or issue shares upon an exercise of an exchange right will be made by RONI s independent directors,
and such decision will be based on facts in existence at the time of the decision, which RONI expects would include the relative value
of the Class A Common Stock (including trading prices for the Class A Common Stock at the time), the cash purchase price, the availability
of other sources of liquidity (such as an issuance of preferred stock) to acquire the Class A Units of Opco and alternative uses for such
cash, among other considerations. 

Holders of Class A Units of
Opco (other than RONI) will generally be permitted to exercise the exchange right on a quarterly basis, subject to certain de minimis
allowances. In addition, additional exchanges may occur in connection with certain specified events, and any exchanges involving more
than a specified number of Class A Units of Opco (subject to RONI s discretion to permit exchanges of a lower number of units) may
occur at any time upon ten business days advanced notice. The exchange rights will be subject to certain limitations and restrictions
intended to reduce the administrative burden of exchanges upon RONI and ensure that Opco will continue to be treated as a partnership
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

For additional information
regarding NET Power, the Business Combination and the transactions contemplated thereby, see the registration statement on Form S-4 containing
a preliminary proxy statement and a preliminary prospectus of RONI initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC on December 22, 2022. 

Other than as specifically
discussed, this Report does not assume the closing of the Business Combination. 

PIPE Financing (Private Placement) 

Concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with
certain investors. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, each investor agreed to subscribe for and purchases, and the Company agreed
to issue and sell to such investors, immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination, an aggregate of 22,545,000 newly issued
shares of Class A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of 225,450,000, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
the Subscription Agreements. 

25 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 1.6 million in our operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately 3.1 million. 

Our liquidity needs through
December 31, 2021 have been satisfied through a payment of 25,000 from our Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in exchange for the
issuance of the Founder Shares, the loan of approximately 126,000 from our Sponsor pursuant to the Note, and the proceeds from the consummation
of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. We fully repaid the Note balance upon closing of the Initial Public Offering.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor,
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us with Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

In connection with the
Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has
determined that the liquidity needs, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after June 18, 2023. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete a
Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing
accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on
prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and
structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

Our management continues to
evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on our financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is
not readily determinable as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In February 2022, the Russian
Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including
the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and
related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity to date
was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and, subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target
company for a Business Combination. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business
Combination at the earliest. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 4.2 million, which consisted of approximately 5.2 million in non-operating gain resulting
from the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 4.9 million of interest earned on investments held
in the trust account, partially offset by approximately 5.8 million in general and administrative expenses and 120,000 in general and
administrative related party expenses. Of the approximately 4.2 million net income, approximately 4.1 million of it is attributable
to Rice Acquisition Corp. II while the remaining approximately 163,000 is attributable to a non-controlling interest in a subsidiary. 

For the period from February
2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of approximately 10.2 million, which consisted of approximately 6.7 million
non-operating loss resulting from the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, approximately 2.2 million in loss upon
issuance of private placement warrants, approximately 593,000 in offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities, and approximately
 697,000 in general and administrative expenses, partially offset by approximately 18,000 of interest earned on investments held in the
trust account. Of the approximately 10.2 million net loss, approximately 9.8 million of it is attributable to Rice Acquisition Corp.
II while the remaining approximately 392,000 is attributable to a non-controlling interest in a subsidiary. 

26 

Contractual Obligations 

Related Party Loans 

On February 10, 2021, our
Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory
note (the Note ). This Note was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of
June 16, 2021, we borrowed approximately 167,000 under the Note. We repaid the Note in full on December 14, 2021 and borrowing is no
longer available. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

Commencing on the date that
our securities were first listed on the New York Stock Exchange, we agreed to pay our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office
space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, there were 120,000 and 65,000 in fees incurred and paid under this agreement, respectively. There was no outstanding
payable balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This management s discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our
consolidated financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value
of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other
factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments
to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of its financial instruments, including issued stock
purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant
to ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

The Public Warrants and the
Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant
instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the carrying value of the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The
liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our
consolidated statements of operations. The initial fair value of the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants were estimated
using a Monte Carlo simulation model. While the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants continues to be measured under a Monte Carlo
simulation model, subsequent to the Public Warrants being traded on an active market, the fair value of the Public Warrants has since
been based on the observable listed prices for such warrants. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject
to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant
liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets
or require the creation of current liabilities. 

27 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

We account for our ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption
(if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including
Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary
shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Although we did not specify a maximum redemption threshold,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that currently, we will not redeem our Public Shares in an amount
that would cause its net tangible assets (shareholders equity) to be less than 5,000,001. Accordingly, as of the Initial Public
Offering, 34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at the redemption amount were presented at redemption value
as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our consolidated balance sheets. 

Under ASC 480-10-S99, we have
elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal
the redemption value at the end of the reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the
redemption date of the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the accretion from initial book
value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred
to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. This
presentation assumes a Business Combination as the most likely outcome. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing
the net income (loss) by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted
net income (loss) per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 19,525,000 ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share,
because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As
a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary
shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent accounting standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ),
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also
removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and
it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. We adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021, with no material
impact upon adoption. 

In June 2022, the FASB issued
ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The
ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and
to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value.
The ASU applies to both holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU
are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The
Company is still evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on the consolidated financial statements. 

28 

Our management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments
or contractual obligations. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS
Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new
or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our consolidated financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing
additional information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain
executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s
compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of the Initial
Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 

This information appears following
Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

29 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our board of directors and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

As of December 31, 2022, our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control
over financial reporting established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its assessment using the COSO criteria, management has concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures, including consulting
with subject matter experts related to the accounting for certain complex financial instruments issued by the Company and the presentation
of earnings per share. The Company s management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources
for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and
evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have
expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the
context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. 

Item 9b. other information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our executive officers and
directors are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 
 
 J. Kyle Derham 
 
 35 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 James Wilmot Rogers 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Daniel Joseph Rice, IV 
 
 42 
 
 Director 
 
 Jide Famuagun 
 
 43 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Carrie M. Fox 
 
 39 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 James Lytal 
 
 65 
 
 Independent Director 

Denotes an executive officer. 

J. Kyle Derham .
Mr. Derham has served as our Chief Executive Officer since February 2022; prior to that, he served as our Chief Financial Officer from
February 2021 to February 2022. Mr. Derham is a Partner of Rice Investment Group. Mr. Derham was a director of Archaea Energy Inc.
from September 2021 until December 2022 when Archaea Energy Inc. was acquired by BP Products North America Inc. Mr. Derham, as part of
certain members of the Rice Investment Group, led the shareholder campaign in 2019 to revamp the strategic direction of EQT and elect
a majority slate of director candidates to the board of EQT, the largest operator of natural gas production in the United States. Following
the campaign, Mr. Derham served as interim Chief Financial Officer of EQT and subsequently served as a strategic advisor to the company.
Mr. Derham previously served as Vice President, Corporate Development and Finance of Rice Energy Inc. Rice Energy and
Rice Midstream Partners LP Rice Midstream from January 2014 through November 2017. Through his various roles working alongside
the Rice family, Mr. Derham has focused on evaluating, structuring and negotiating key acquisitions and execution of critical strategic
initiatives to generate attractive risk adjusted returns for investors. Mr. Derham also has experience as a private equity investor, working
as an associate at First Reserve and as an investment banker at Barclays Investment Bank. 

James Wilmot Rogers .
Mr. Rogers has served as our Chief Financial Officer since February 2022 and as our Chief Accounting Officer since February 2021. Mr.
Rogers served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Administrative Officer, Treasurer of Rice Energy from April 2011
through November 2017. Mr. Rogers previously served as Rice I s Chief Accounting Officer from September 2020 to September 2021
when the Rice I Business Combination was completed. Mr. Rogers led accounting, tax and human resources functions for Rice Energy, Rice
Midstream and its numerous joint ventures and joint venture companies. Mr. Rogers oversaw such functions through two initial public offerings
in a single calendar year (Rice Energy in January 2014 and Rice Midstream in December 2014) and through numerous asset and corporate
level acquisitions totaling more than 10 billion in asset value. He also has numerous years in public accounting experience, having worked
at both Ernst Young and PricewaterhouseCoopers. 

Daniel Joseph Rice,
IV . Mr. Rice has over 15 years of experience in the energy industry. Mr. Rice is a Partner of Rice Investment Group
and served as Chief Executive Officer of Rice Energy from October 2013 through the completion of its acquisition by EQT in November 2017.
Prior to his role as Chief Executive Officer of Rice Energy, Mr. Rice served as Chief Operating Officer of Rice Energy from October 2012
through September 2013 and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Rice Energy from October 2008 through September 2012.
Mr. Rice oversaw Rice Energy s growth from start-up through its 1 billion initial public offering in 2014 and eventual
 8.2 billion sale to EQT in 2017. Mr. Rice also oversaw the creation and growth of Rice Midstream, which was acquired by EQM
for 2.4 billion in 2018. Mr. Rice established Rice Energy s strategic framework for value creation, which yielded success
for its shareholders and employees. He has utilized his operating and growth strategy formulation experience as the founder of Rice Energy
to help portfolio companies of Rice Investment Group to refine and optimize their business strategies in order to profitably grow. Prior
to joining Rice Energy, he was an investment banker for Tudor Pickering Holt Co. in Houston and held finance and strategic
roles with Transocean Ltd. and Tyco International plc. Mr. Rice is currently a director of EQT and Whiting Petroleum and was previously
a director of Archaea Energy Inc. from September 2021 until December 2022 when Archaea Energy Inc. was acquired by BP Products North America
Inc. 

31 

Jide Famuagun .
Mr. Famuagun is the Founder CEO of Alpha Capital Partners, a vertically integrated private equity real estate firm. The firm
is an investor, developer, operator, and fund manager of thriving Multifamily and Student Housing investments across the Midwest, South,
and Southeast markets. Prior to founding Alpha, Mr. Famuagun served as Vice President of Production at Rice Energy from June 2012
through November 2017 and was responsible for production engineering, operations, flowback and well workovers, facilities engineering
and construction, automation and SCADA, produced water recycling, and gas control and measurement groups. At Rice Energy, Mr. Famuagun
was an early adopter of automation and machine learning within the energy industry automating onsite operations across Rice Energy s
operating footprint to drive performance and operating cost efficiency. Prior to Rice Energy, Mr. Famuagun held engineering and executive
roles across energy, recycling, and international trade, conducting business in over 30 countries. Mr. Famuagun holds three patents
focused on sustainable technology within the energy industry. Mr. Famuagun earned a bachelor s degree in Mechanical Engineering
from the University of Oklahoma and an MBA with a concentration in Engineering and Technology Management from Oklahoma Christian University. 

Carrie M. Fox .
Ms. Fox is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Driltek Inc., a privately held global onshore and offshore upstream
operations and decommissioning company. She founded Cygnet Resources, a real property investment company, in September 2020. Before Driltek
Inc., Ms. Fox served as the Vice President of Business Development for California Resources Corporation from 2014 to 2020. Ms. Fox previously
served in multiple positions for Occidental Petroleum, including Reservoir Management Team Leader, from 2012 to 2014, Manager of California
State Government Affairs from 2010 to 2012, and as a Reservoir and Production Engineer from 2006 to 2010. Ms. Fox serves on the board
of directors of Civitas Recourses and is a member of its ESG Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and she
previously served as a director of Extraction Oil Gas, Inc. from January 2021 through October 2021. Ms. Fox holds a Bachelor of
Science in Engineering from California Polytechnic State University. 

James Lytal .
Mr. Lytal served as a Senior Advisor for Global Infrastructure Partners (a leading global, independent infrastructure investor) from
April 2009 to July 2021. From 1994 to 2004, he served as President of Leviathan Gas Pipeline Partners, which later became El Paso Energy
Partners, and then Gulfterra Energy Partners. In 2004, Gulfterra merged with Enterprise Products Partners (a North American midstream
energy services provider), where he served as Executive Vice President until 2009. From 1980 to 1994, Mr. Lytal held a series of
commercial, engineering and business development positions with various companies engaged in oil and gas exploration and production and
gas pipeline services. Mr. Lytal currently serves on the board of directors for Archrock, Inc., a publicly listed natural gas compression
services company. Previously, Mr. Lytal served as a director and member of the audit committee and chairman of the conflicts committee
of Rice Midstream Management LLC, the managing general partner of Rice Midstream Partners, L.P. from 2015 until it was acquired in July
2018; director of Gulfterra Energy Partners from 1994 to 2004; director of Azure Midstream Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Azure
Midstream Partners, LP from 2013 to 2017, including service as member of the audit committee and chairman of the conflicts committee;
and director and chairman of the compensation committee and member of the audit committee of SemGroup Corporation from 2011 until it was
acquired in December of 2019. Mr. Lytal holds a B.S. in Petroleum Engineering from The University of Texas at Austin. 

Our board of directors
is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors
elected prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of
directors, consisting of J. Kyle Derham and Jide Famuagun, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of
office of the second class of directors, consisting of Daniel Joseph Rice, IV and Carrie M. Fox, will expire at our second annual
meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of James Lytal, will expire at our
third annual meeting of shareholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial
business combination. 

Prior to the completion of
an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our
founder units. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder units may
remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

32 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one
or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and
such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

The NYSE listing
standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or
officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that Jide Famuagun,
Carrie M. Fox and James Lytal are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC
rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers or directors
have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that of our initial public offering through the
earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we have pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month
for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments
prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee
review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors
and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying
and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including
finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials (as applicable) furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of our management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of
the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our
officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

33 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to
phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed
company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE require
that the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.
The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an
audit committee of the board of directors. Jide Famuagun, Carrie M. Fox and James Lytal serve as members of our audit committee.
Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee,
all of whom must be independent, subject to the exception described below. Jide Famuagun, Carrie M. Fox and James Lytal are
independent. 

James Lytal serves as chair
of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that James
Lytal qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

34 

Compensation Committee 

Jide Famuagun, Carrie M.
Fox and James Lytal serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we
are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Jide Famuagun, Carrie M.
Fox and James Lytal are independent. Jide Famuagun serves as chair of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s and Chief Financial Officer s and Chief Accounting Officer s, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s and Chief Financial Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plan; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or
other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our
nominating and corporate governance are Jide Famuagun, Carrie M. Fox and James Lytal. Carrie M. Fox serves as chair of the
nominating and corporate governance committee. 

The primary purposes of our
nominating and corporate governance committee is to assist the board in: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of shareholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing, recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

35 

The nominating and corporate
governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE. 

Director Nominations 

Our nominating and corporate
governance committee recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the shareholders.
The board of directors also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders).
Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares do not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers
currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has
one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon written
request to our principal executive offices. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics
in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Our board of directors has
adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a flexible framework
within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria
and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and
presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and
independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education,
evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law,
directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

36 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above,
directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably
diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same
functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

As set out above, directors
have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission
granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Members of our sponsor, as
well as Rice Investment Group and its portfolio companies may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If they decide to pursue
any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. Neither members of our sponsor nor members of our management
team who are members of our sponsor have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which
they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as an officer of the company. Members of our sponsor
and our management, in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business combinations to other entities, before they
present such opportunities to us. 

Our sponsor and its affiliates
manage numerous investment vehicles, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities, and if pursued by them, we may be precluded
from such opportunities for our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, as well as Rice Investment
Group and its portfolio companies, may sponsor, form or participate in other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or
may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies,
businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination, particularly in the
event there is overlap among investment mandates. In particular, affiliates of our sponsor and certain of our officers and directors formed
and sponsored Rice I, a blank check company like our company that was formed to consummate an initial business combination. Rice I completed
its initial public offering in October 2020, in which it sold 23,725,000 units, each consisting of one share of Class A common
stock of Rice I and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock of Rice I, for an offering price
of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 237,250,000. On September 15, 2021, Rice I completed its business combination transaction
with Aria Energy LLC and Archaea Energy LLC, which created an industry-leading renewable natural gas platform. Following the Rice I Business
Combination, the combined company was renamed Archaea Energy Inc. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts
would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are
not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating management
time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Also, certain members of our management
team and board of directors cannot provide services for, or directly or indirectly own an interest in, any business that does or seeks
to do business with or is in competition with EQT, without the prior written approval of EQT. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary
or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination,
or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no
individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce
any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be
a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

37 

Potential investors should
also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses, on the other hand. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he is entitled to substantial compensation and has substantial time commitments, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor subscribed for founder units prior to the date of our initial public offering and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder units and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. 

Additionally, our sponsor
has agreed that it will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to its founder units
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
directors, advisory board members and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder units until
the earliest of (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (a) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (b) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to
exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will
not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers
and director will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether
a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.
In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during
the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in
pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 

38 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Furthermore, in no event will
our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination.
Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will also reimburse our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that
any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case,
our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder units and public shares in favor of our initial business
combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not
limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors,
except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification
against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for
any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have
entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided
for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Additionally, we have purchased a policy of directors and
officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment
in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our officers and directors
have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to
us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from
the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied
by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations
may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

39 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers or directors
have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the NYSE
through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total
of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. In addition, our sponsor, executive
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their
affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other
than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our
reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our
behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements,
no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials (as applicable) furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of our management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of
the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our
officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of February 15, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons
named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

40 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 34,502,500 Class A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 8,625,000
Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of February 15, 2023. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the
private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

Class B ordinary shares 
 Class A ordinary shares 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owners 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned (1) 
 Approximate Percentage 
 of Class 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of 
 Class 
 
 Rice Acquisition Sponsor II LLC (our sponsor) (2) 
 8,535,000 
 98.9 
 2,500 

J. Kyle Derham (2) 
 8,535,000 
 98.9 
 2,500 

James Wilmot Rogers 

Jide Famuagun 
 30,000 

Carrie M. Fox 
 30,000 

James Lytal 
 30,000 

Daniel Joseph Rice, IV (2) 
 8,535,000 
 98.9 
 2,500 

All officers and directors as a group (six individuals) (2) 
 8,625,000 
 100.0 
 2,500 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 The interests shown consist of founder units and sponsor units. The Class A Units of Opco (and corresponding Class B ordinary shares) comprising such shares will be exchangeable for Class A ordinary shares after the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(2) 
 Rice Acquisition Sponsor II LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Daniel Joseph Rice, IV and J. Kyle Derham are the managing members of Rice Acquisition Sponsor II LLC. The business address of Rice Acquisition Sponsor II LLC and Messrs. Derham and Rice is 102 East Main Street, Second Story, Carnegie, Pennsylvania 15106. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors are deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Founder Units 

In February 2021, our sponsor
received 7,187,500 Class B Units of Opco for no consideration and purchased 7,187,500 corresponding Class B ordinary shares,
2,500 of our Class A ordinary shares and 100 Class A Units of Opco and 100 corresponding Class B ordinary shares for an
aggregate of 26,000. The number of founder units issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder units would represent
20 of the total outstanding equity after our initial public offering (excluding the sponsor units and any shares issuable upon exercise
of any warrants). In June 2021, our sponsor forfeited 90,000 Class B Units of Opco, and 30,000 Class B Units of Opco were issued to each
of our independent directors. Our sponsor transferred a corresponding number of shares of our Class B ordinary shares to our independent
directors. In June 2021, we effected a dividend, and Opco effected a distribution, resulting in our sponsor owning 8,535,000 Class B ordinary
shares and 8,534,900 Class B Units of Opco. The founder units (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exchange thereof)
may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

41 

Private Placement Warrants 

Our sponsor purchased from
us an aggregate of 10,900,000 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant 10,900,000 in the aggregate) in a
private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Each private placement warrant entitles
the holder to purchase for 11.50 either one Class A ordinary share or, so long as they are held by our initial shareholder or their
permitted transferees, one Class A Unit of Opco (and corresponding Class B ordinary share). The private placement warrants (including
the Class A ordinary shares or Class A Units of Opco (and corresponding Class B ordinary shares) issuable upon exercise
thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. 

Opco LLC Agreement 

In connection with our initial
public offering, we entered into the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Opco (the Opco LLC Agreement ).
A form of the Opco LLC Agreement was filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed in connection with our initial
public offering, and the following description of the Opco LLC Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

Conversion of Class B Units of Opco and Exchange
Right 

Our initial shareholders own
all of the outstanding Class B Units of Opco. The Class B Units of Opco will convert into Class A Units of Opco in connection with the
initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like and subject to further adjustment as described below under Founder Units Anti-Dilution. 

In addition, following our
initial business combination, holders of Class A Units of Opco (other than Rice Acquisition Corp. II) will have the right (an exchange
right ), subject to certain limitations, to exchange Class A Units of Opco (and a corresponding number of Class B ordinary shares)
for, at our option, (i) Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, or (ii) a corresponding amount of cash. Our decision to make a cash payment upon an exercise
of an exchange right will be made by our independent directors. We will determine whether to issue Class A ordinary shares or pay cash
based on facts in existence at the time of the decision, which we expect would include the relative value of the Class A ordinary shares
(including trading prices for the Class A ordinary shares at the time), the cash purchase price, the availability of other sources of
liquidity (such as an issuance of preferred shares) to acquire the Class A Units of Opco and alternative uses for such cash. 

Holders of Class A Units of
Opco (other than Rice Acquisition Corp. II) will generally be permitted to exercise the exchange right on a quarterly basis, subject to
certain de minimis allowances. In addition, additional exchanges may occur in connection with certain specified events, and any exchanges
involving 500,000 or more Class A Units of Opco (subject to our discretion to permit exchanges of a lower number of units) may occur at
any time upon ten business days advanced notice. The exchange rights will be subject to certain limitations and restrictions intended
to reduce the administrative burden of exchanges upon us and ensure that Opco will continue to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. 

Following any exchange of
Class A Units of Opco (and a corresponding number of Class B ordinary shares), Rice Acquisition Corp. will retain the Class A Units of
Opco and cancel the Class B ordinary shares. As the holders of Class A Units of Opco (other than Rice Acquisition Corp. II) exchange their
Class A Units of Opco, our membership interest in Opco will be correspondingly increased, the number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
will be increased, and the number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding will be reduced. 

In connection with our initial
business combination, we might choose to issue additional Class A Units of Opco (and corresponding Class B ordinary shares) to participants
in the business combination, such as sellers of assets or entities or financing sources. We expect that any participants receiving Class
A Units of Opco in the business combination will have an exchange right on substantially the same terms as described above. 

42 

Founder Units Anti-Dilution 

In the case that additional
Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the offering in connection
with the initial business combination, the number of Class A Units of Opco into which the Class B Units of Opco will convert may be adjusted
(unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding founder units agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or
deemed issuance) so that, after all founders units have been exchanged for Class A ordinary shares, the aggregate number of Class A ordinary
shares received by holders in exchange for founders units would equal 20 of the sum of the total outstanding ordinary shares upon the
completion of our initial public offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business
combination and excluding the sponsor units). In addition, the number of outstanding Class B ordinary shares will be adjusted through
a share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like so that the total number of outstanding Class B
ordinary shares corresponds to the total number of Class A Units of Opco outstanding (other than those held by Rice Acquisition Corp.
II) plus the total number of Class A Units of Opco into which the Class B Units of Opco are entitled to convert. 

Non-Liquidating Distributions and Allocations
of Income and Loss 

Subject to the obligation
of Opco to make tax distributions and to reimburse Rice Acquisition Corp. II for its corporate and other overhead expenses, Rice Acquisition
Corp. II will have the right to determine when non-liquidating distributions will be made to the holders of Opco Units and the amount
of any such distributions. We do not anticipate making any such distributions (other than tax distributions and reimbursements of expenses)
to holders of Opco Units (including Rice Acquisition Corp. II) prior to our initial business combination, other than redemptions of Class
A Units of Opco held by Rice Acquisition Corp. II in connection with a redemption of public shares. If we authorize a non-liquidating
distribution, whether before or following our initial business combination, the distribution will be made to holders of Opco Units on
a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective percentage ownership of Opco Units. 

Opco will allocate its net
income or net loss for each year to the holders of its Class A and Class B Units pursuant to the terms of the Opco LLC Agreement.
Prior to the initial business combination, net profits and net losses of Opco generally will be allocated to holders of Class A Units
of Opco on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective percentage ownership of Class A Units (except for certain allocations
of items of book income and loss and book-tax differences that may be specially allocated). 

After our initial business
combination, net profits and net losses of Opco generally will be allocated to holders of Opco Units on a pro rata basis in accordance
with their respective percentage ownership of Opco Units (except for certain allocations of book income and loss items and book-tax differences
that may be specially allocated). After our initial business combination, to the extent cash is available, tax distributions will be made
to the holders of Opco Units, on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective percentage ownership of Opco Units, in an amount
sufficient to allow holders to satisfy their actual tax liabilities. 

Issuance of Equity 

Except as otherwise determined
by us, at any time Rice Acquisition Corp. II issues a Class A ordinary share or any other equity security, the net proceeds received
by Rice Acquisition Corp. II with respect to such issuance, if any, shall be concurrently invested in Opco, and Opco shall issue to Rice
Acquisition Corp. II one Class A Unit or other economically equivalent equity interest. Conversely, if at any time any shares of
Rice Acquisition Corp. II s Class A ordinary shares are redeemed, repurchased, or otherwise acquired by Rice Acquisition Corp.
II, including in connection with the exercise of redemption rights by holders of our public shares, Opco shall redeem, repurchase or otherwise
acquire an equal number of Opco Units held by Rice Acquisition Corp. II, upon the same terms and for the same price, as our Class A
ordinary shares are redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired. 

Other Transactions With Our Sponsor 

As more fully discussed in
this Report if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition
opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with
us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition
by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. 

43 

Commencing on the date that
our securities were first listed on the NYSE, we began to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial
support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these
monthly fees. 

Other than these monthly fees,
no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination.
However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which
expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except as set
forth above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other
than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as
it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. 

We will enter into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any)
and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon exchange of the founder units. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Following the consummation
of our initial public offering, we adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our
public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement
or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. 

In addition, our audit committee,
pursuant to a written charter that was adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, is responsible for reviewing
and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the
members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction.
A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of
all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and
executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

44 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we will not consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers
or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following is a summary
of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees
consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly
financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and of services rendered in connection
with our initial public offering, totaled approximately 91,000 and 137,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees .
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or
review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay
Withum any audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees
consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We paid Withum 3,900 in tax
fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. These fees
were for the preparation of our Passive Foreign Investment Company form as we are a Cayman domiciled entity. We expect to incur 4,000
of similar fees in 2023 with Withum for the same requirement. 

All Other Fees . All
other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Withum any other fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

45 

PART IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can also be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2022, by and among RONI, Opco, RONI Buyer, Merger Sub and NET Power. (1) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (2) 

4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, between the Company, Opco and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (2) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (3) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (3) 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (3) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. (4) 

10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, between the Company, Opco and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (2) 

10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders named therein. (2) 

10.3 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, between the Company, Opco and the Sponsor. (2) 

10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Sponsor. (2) 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated June 15, 2021, between the Company, Opco and the Sponsor. (2) 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 8, 2021, issued to Sponsor by Opco. (3) 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Opco, dated June 15, 2021. (2) 

46 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (3) 

10.9 
 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2022, by and among sponsor, RONI, Opco, NET Power and certain insiders of RONI. (1) 

10.10 
 
 Support Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2022, by and among RONI, sponsor, NET Power and the other persons whose names appear therein. (1) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement. (1) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 14, 2022. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 21, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on June 3, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 1, 2023 

Rice Acquisition Corp. II 

/s/ J. Kyle Derham 

Name: 
 J. Kyle Derham 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ J. Kyle Derham 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 J. Kyle Derham 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ James Wilmot Rogers 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 James Wilmot Rogers 
 
 Principal Financial
 Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/ Daniel Joseph Rice, IV 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 Daniel Joseph Rice, IV 

/s/ Jide Famuagun 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 Jide Famuagun 

/s/
 Carrie M. Fox 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 Carrie M. Fox 

/s/ James Lytal 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 James Lytal 

48 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Rice Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Rice Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February
2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for
the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by June 18, 2023,
then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

, New York 

March 1, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET S 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Due from related party 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of approximately and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized no shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Rice Acquisition Corp. II deficit 

Non-controlling interest in subsidiary 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 Period from 
 February 2, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
2021 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses - related party 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Loss upon issuance of Private Placement Warrants 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest in subsidiary 

Net income (loss) attributable to Rice Acquisition Corp. II 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 2, 2021 (INCEPTION) 
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Non-controlling 
 Total 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Interest in 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Subsidiary 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - February 2, 2021
 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Class
 A and Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of Units in subsidiary
 to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Accretion of Class A ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

- 

Increase in redemption value
 of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 Period from 
 February 2, 
 2021 
 (Inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class A and Class B ordinary shares 
 - 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party under promissory note 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on securities held in Trust Account 

Loss upon issuance of private placement warrants 
 - 

Offering costs associated with warrants 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Due from related party 
 - 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 - 

Proceeds received from private placement 
 - 

Repayment of note payable to related parties 
 - 

Offering costs paid 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 - 

Offering costs paid by related party under promissory note 
 - 

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public
Shares ), which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional Units to cover
over-allotments, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 
million, of which approximately million and approximately were for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5) and offering
costs allocated to the derivative warrant liabilities, respectively. 

warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million (see Note 4). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one of the
Company s Class A ordinary shares or one Class A Unit of OpCo together with a corresponding non-economic Class B ordinary share
of the Company. 

of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and of the Private
Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and is invested only in U.S. government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

F- 7 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts
disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held
in the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires or more of the voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. 

per share (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially at 
per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be
reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares
were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance
with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. The Company will not redeem the Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be
less than . If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents
with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the
Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with
a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may
elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Shareholders agreed to vote their Founder Units and any Public Shares
purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Units and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business
Combination. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding
Public Shares and Class A Units of Opco (other than those held by the Company), which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board
of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with
respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

F- 8 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 9 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A Units of RONI Opco and an equivalent number of shares of Class B Common Stock (one share of Class B Common Stock together with one Class A Unit or Class B Unit of RONI Opco, a RONI Interest ), subject to adjustment for (i) NET Power shares issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Joint Development Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, by and among NET Power; RONI; Opco; Nuovo Pignone International, S.r.l., an Italian limited liability company; and Nuovo Pignone Tecnologie S.r.l., an Italian limited liability company, as of the Closing Date and (ii) cash funding raised by NET Power following entry into the Proposed Business Combination Agreement and retained on its books as of the Closing Date, as allocated pursuant to the Proposed Business Combination Agreement, and (b) any equity interests of NET Power that are held in the treasury of NET Power or owned by any subsidiary of NET Power immediately prior to the Proposed Business Combination will be cancelled and cease to exist. 

of net tangible assets, as determined in accordance
with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, immediately after giving effect to the Proposed Business Combination
and (v) approval of the RONI shares being issued in connection with the Proposed Business Combination (including the PIPE Financing (as
defined below)) for listing on the New York Stock Exchange. 

as of immediately prior to the Closing. 

F- 10 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately million. 

from Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the
Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), the loan of approximately from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (see Note 4), and the
proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company fully repaid the Note balance upon
closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide
the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working
Capital Loans. 

F- 11 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 12 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not experienced losses on
these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 13 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. Accordingly, as of the Initial Public Offering, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
at the redemption amount were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of
the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share because their exercise is
contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income
(loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February
2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings
per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

F- 14 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

F- 15 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the Founder Shares would
represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters fully exercised
the over-allotment on June 16, 2021; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading-day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all
of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The Sponsor Shares are
considered non-redeemable and presented as permanent equity in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 16 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of
the sum of the total outstanding shares of the Company s ordinary shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus all
Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination (excluding the
forward purchase securities and any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination
and excluding the Sponsor Shares). In addition, the number of outstanding Class B ordinary shares will be adjusted through a stock split
or stock dividend so that the total number of outstanding Class B ordinary shares corresponds to the total number of Class A Units of
Opco outstanding (other than those held by the Company) plus the total number of Class A Units Opco into which the Class B Units of Opco
are entitled to convert. 

per share (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination or (ii) the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million. 

per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was
added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable
and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). This Note was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of June 16,
2021, the Company borrowed approximately under the Note. The Company repaid the Note in full on December 14, 2021 and borrowing
is no longer available. 

F- 17 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million
of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant.
The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to the Company. Upon completion of the initial
Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were and in
fees incurred and paid under this agreement, respectively. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment
on June 16, 2021. 

Affiliated Units. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per unit, or approximately 
million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, per unit, or approximately million
in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the
underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject
to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 18 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders
of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 Class A ordinary shares outstanding, of which shares were subject to possible redemption and are classified
outside of permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which Class A ordinary shares were subject to possible redemption
and are classified as temporary equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets (see Note 6). 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding. 

of the sum of (i) the total number of Class
A ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class
A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or
deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any
Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

preference shares, with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

F- 19 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A Units of Opco issued and outstanding and 
Class B Units of Opco issued and outstanding. In June 2021, Opco effected a distribution, resulting in an aggregate of Class
B Units of Opco issued and outstanding. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 
per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board and, in the case
of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Newly Issued Price. 

per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; and if, and only if, the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

F- 20 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

F- 21 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public 

- 

- 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private Placement 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public 

- 

- 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private Placement 

- 

- 

million and approximately million) presented as a change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 22 

RICE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Stock price 

Volatility 

Term 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Loss upon issuance of Private Placement Warrants 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 

F-23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_riceacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, J. Kyle Derham, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Rice Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ J. Kyle Derham 

J. Kyle Derham 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_riceacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James Wilmot Rogers,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Rice Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James Wilmot Rogers 

James Wilmot Rogers 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_riceacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Rice Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, J. Kyle Derham,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ J. Kyle Derham 

Name: 
 J. Kyle Derham 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_riceacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Rice Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Wilmot Rogers,
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 /s/ James Wilmot Rogers 

Name: 
 James Wilmot Rogers 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 roni-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 roni-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 roni-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 roni-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 roni-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

