<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1664710_0001664710-23-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>54919585</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>621319</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>49069055</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1989728</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1688614</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1439503</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001664710-23-000021.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303160630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001664710-23-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Keros Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001664710
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				811173868
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39264
		FILM NUMBER:		23703854

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 WALTHAM STREET, SUITE 302
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02421
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-314-6297

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 WALTHAM STREET, SUITE 302
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02421

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001664710-23-000021.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 kros-20221231.htm
 10-K

kros-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Tel: ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 ________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 1 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrects are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million, based on a closing price of 27.63 per share of the registrant s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market. The calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the registrant's common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE PART I. Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 89 
 Item 2. Properties 
 89 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 89 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 89 
 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 90 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 91 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 91 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 102 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Consolidated Financial Statements 
 103 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 103 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 104 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 104 
 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 104 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 104 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 104 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 104 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 104 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 105 
 Item 16. Form 10 - K Summary 
 107 
 Signatures 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 2 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements, including statements about: 
 the timing of completion of enrollment and announcement of additional data for our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial for our lead protein therapeutic product candidate, KER-050, in patients with myelodysplastic syndromes, or MDS; 
 the timing of announcement of additional data from our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial for KER-050 in patients with myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias; 
 the timing of announcement of additional data from our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial for our lead small molecule product candidate, KER-047, in patients with iron-refractory iron deficiency anemia; 
 the timing of initiation of, and announcement of data from, our Phase 2 clinical trial for KER-047 in MDS and myelofibrosis patients with functional iron deficiency; 
 the timing of initiation of our Phase 2 clinical trial for our third product candidate, KER-012, in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension; 
 the timing of initiation of our open-label Phase 2 biomarker clinical trial of KER-012; 
 risks associated with public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which may adversely impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 our ability to receive the required regulatory approvals and clearances to successfully market and sell our products, if approved in the United States and certain other countries; 
 our ability to successfully advance our pipeline of additional product candidates; 
 our ability to develop sales and marketing capabilities; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance of any products we are able to commercialize; 
 the effects of increased competition as well as innovations by new and existing competitors in our market; 
 our ability to obtain funding for our operations; 
 our ability to establish and maintain collaborations; 
 our ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth; 
 our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property rights and proprietary technologies; 
 our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights and proprietary technology of third parties; 
 costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement, product liability and other claims; 
 regulatory developments in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, the United Kingdom, South Korea and other foreign countries; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified employees; 
 our expectations regarding the period during which we qualify as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 
 statements regarding future revenue, hiring plans, expenses, capital expenditures, capital requirements and stock performance; and 
 the future trading prices of our common stock and the impact of securities analysts reports on these prices. 
 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, objective, ongoing, plan, predict, project, potential, should, will, or would, or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read the section titled Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will prove to be accurate. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 ii 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING COMPANY REFERENCES 
 Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Keros, the Company, we, us and our refer to Keros Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING TRADEMARKS 
 All trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 
 
 iii 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel treatments for patients suffering from hematological, pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders with high unmet medical need. We are a leader in understanding the role of the transforming growth factor-beta, or TGF- , family of proteins, which are master regulators of red blood cell and platelet production as well as of the growth, repair and maintenance of a number of tissues, including blood vessels, skeletal muscle and heart tissue. We are leveraging this understanding to develop large and small molecules that have the potential to provide meaningful and potentially disease-modifying benefit to patients. Targeting TGF- signaling pathways has been clinically proven to elicit robust changes in blood cells, blood vessels, skeletal muscle and heart tissue, which we believe provides a precedent and strong rationale for our strategy. Our lead protein therapeutic product candidate, KER-050, is being developed for the treatment of low blood cell counts, or cytopenias, including anemia and thrombocytopenia, in patients with myelodysplastic syndromes, or MDS, and in patients with myelofibrosis. Our lead small molecule product candidate, KER-047, is being developed for the treatment of functional iron deficiency. Our third product candidate, KER-012, is being developed for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension, or PAH, and for the treatment of cardiovascular disorders . 
 KER-050 is an engineered ligand trap comprised of a modified ligand-binding domain of the TGF- receptor known as activin receptor type IIA, or ActRIIA, that is fused to the portion of the human antibody known as the Fc domain. KER-050 is designed to increase red blood cell and platelet production by inhibiting the signaling of a subset of the TGF- family of proteins to promote hematopoiesis. We believe KER-050 has the potential to provide benefit to patients suffering from red blood cell and platelet differentiation and maturation defects occurring across the spectrum from early through terminal stages of hematopoiesis, and consequently may be effective for many patients that have limited treatment options or are refractory to available therapies. Based on data from our completed Phase 1 clinical trial of KER-050 in healthy volunteers and from multiple preclinical studies, we believe KER-050 has a differentiated pharmacologic effect on red blood cells and platelets and has the potential to treat multiple cytopenias in diseases of ineffective hematopoiesis while also improving bone health and altering the bone marrow microenvironment to slow down disease progression. In December 2022, we announced additional data from Part 2 of our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KER-050 for the treatment of anemia and thrombocytopenia in patients with very low-, low-, or intermediate-risk MDS. We expect to report additional data from Part 2 of this trial in each of the first and second half of 2023. Additionally, in December 2022, we announced initial data from our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KER-050 for the treatment of patients with myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. We expect to report additional dose escalation data from this trial in the second half of 2023. 
 KER-047 is designed to selectively and potently inhibit activin receptor-like kinase-2, or ALK2, a TGF- receptor. Excessive ALK2 signaling causes elevated levels of hepcidin, a key regulator of iron absorption and recycling. We believe that KER-047 has the potential to ameliorate excessive ALK2 signaling, which would normalize hepcidin expression and mobilize iron out of tissues. We believe this effect will result in increased iron bioavailability, potentially leading to a restoration of erythropoiesis and reduction in iron overload in patients with functional iron deficiency. We are developing KER-047 for the treatment of functional iron deficiency which is a consequence of elevated ALK2 signaling, including our initial target, iron-refractory iron deficiency anemia, or IRIDA. In December 2022, we announced initial data from one patient enrolled in our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with IRIDA, and expect to report additional data from this trial in the second half of 2023. We also expect to commence an open-label Phase 2 clinical trial in MDS and myelofibrosis patients with functional iron deficiency in the first half of 2023, and expect to report initial data from this trial in the second half of 2023. 
 KER-012 is designed to bind to and inhibit the signaling of TGF- ligands that stimulate smooth muscle hypertrophy and fibrosis, including activin A, activin B and myostatin (GDF8). We believe that KER-012 has the potential to increase the signaling of bone morphogenic protein, or BMP, pathways through this inhibition of activin A and activin B signaling, and consequently treat diseases such as PAH that are associated with reduced BMP signaling, including inactivating mutations in the BMP receptors. We are developing KER-012 for the treatment of PAH and for the treatment of cardiovascular disorders. We have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial of KER-012 in healthy volunteers, and expect to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KER-012 in patients with PAH in the first half of 2023. We also expect to commence an open-label Phase 2 biomarker clinical trial of KER-012 in the second half of 2023. 
 Our strategy focuses on the role of members of the TGF- family of proteins in the development of a number of tissues, including blood vessels , skeletal muscle and heart tissue. Aged and damaged cells are routinely replaced by new cells in normally functioning organs. These new cells are derived from stem cells that have the ability to differentiate into cells with specialized function when appropriate signals are provided to maintain the homeostatic state of the tissue. Members of the TGF- family of proteins, including activins and BMPs, provide the necessary signals for this process of self-renewal and repair. 
 We seek to address the limitations of current therapeutic approaches to treating diseases whose manifestations are linked to dysfunction of TGF- signaling pathways by: 
 1 

Leveraging our comprehensive insights into the TGF- signaling pathways to discover therapeutics to treat hematological, pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders. 
 Expanding our library of proprietary molecules that are engineered to induce desired biological effects, such as increased blood cell production and increased muscle mass and strength. 
 Engineering proprietary molecules to selectively target specific proteins in the TGF- signaling pathways to provide therapeutic benefit while potentially minimizing safety risks. 
 Developing product candidates for the treatment of diseases where targeting the TGF- signaling pathways has clinical validation or biological rationale to improve our probability of success in the clinic. 
 Targeting the TGF- family of proteins, which are highly conserved throughout evolution, permitting the use of animal models to potentially predict with high confidence the therapeutic benefit in patients. 
 
 We are led by a highly experienced management team and scientific advisory board who have significant experience and expertise researching and developing therapeutics in the TGF- family of proteins. Our team has collectively worked on marketed therapeutics such as Reblozyl, Rituxan, Benlysta, Skyrizi, Kevzara, Rezurock, Cubicin, Tyzeka and Cosentyx, and led drug discovery and clinical development at companies including Acceleron Pharma Inc. (which was acquired by Merck Co. Inc. in November 2021), Wyeth Pharmaceuticals Inc., F. Hoffman-La Roche Ltd (Roche), Novartis International AG, AbbVie Inc., Human Genome Sciences (with was acquired by GlaxoSmithKline plc in July 2012), Seres Therapeutics, Inc., Kadmon Holdings, Inc., Anokion SA and Sanofi S.A. 

Our Pipeline 
 The following table sets forth our product candidates and their current development stages. 

Our Strategy 
 Our mission is to deliver significant clinical benefit to patients suffering from hematological, pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders. With a focus on developing differentiated product candidates that are designed to alter TGF- signaling, we aim to target the pathways critical for the growth, repair and maintenance of a number of tissue and organ systems. The key elements of our strategy include: 
 Rapidly advance the clinical development of KER-050 for the treatment of patients with MDS- and myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. We are continuing to progress our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KER-050 for the treatment of anemia and thrombocytopenia in patients with very low-, low-, or intermediate-risk MDS who either have or have not previously received treatment with an erythropoiesis-stimulating agent. We expect to report additional data from Part 2 of this trial in each of the first and second half of 2023. We also expect to announce additional data from our ongoing open-label Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating the treatment of patients with myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias in the second half of 2023. 
 Advance the clinical development of KER-047 for the treatment of functional iron deficiency. We are continuing to progress our open-label Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with IRIDA and expect to report additional data from this trial in the second half of 2023. We also expect to commence an open-label Phase 2 clinical trial in MDS and myelofibrosis patients with functional iron deficiency in the first half of 2023, and expect to report initial data from this trial in the second half of 2023. 
 2 

Rapidly advance the clinical development of KER-012 for the treatment of PAH and for the treatment of cardiovascular disorders. We expect to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KER-012 in patients with PAH in the first half of 2023. We also expect to commence an open-label Phase 2 biomarker clinical trial of KER-012 in the second half of 2023. 
 Pursue development and, if approved, commercialization of our product candidates in indications and regions where we believe we can maximize their value independently or through strategic collaborations. We plan to independently advance our product candidates in indications and regions that we believe have clearly defined regulatory paths and commercialization strategies. We intend to opportunistically evaluate strategic collaborations to maximize the potential commercial value of our product candidates and discovery programs. 
 Leverage our proprietary discovery approach and knowledge base to develop new therapeutics. Our discovery efforts are focused on expanding our pipeline of wholly-owned assets for the treatment of hematological, pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders. Accordingly, we intend to identify and develop product candidates to treat diseases where targeting the TGF- signaling pathways has clinical validation or biological rationale. 

Our Hematology Franchise 
 KER-050 and KER-047, which form the backbone of our hematology franchise, are designed to target TGF- signaling pathways to address diseases that arise from ineffective hematopoiesis and functional iron deficiency, respectively. 
 Hematopoiesis 
 The primary cellular components of blood are red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets. The function of red blood cells is to distribute oxygen to tissues throughout the body and to carry waste carbon dioxide back to the lungs. White blood cells are responsible for the immune response through coordinated surveillance and targeting of pathogens, infected or aberrant cells and cell debris. Platelets are a key component of the coagulation system and are responsible for stopping bleeding by forming a blood clot. 
 Hematopoiesis is the production of red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets from common progenitor stem cells, or progenitor cells, in the bone marrow. This process begins when a hematopoietic progenitor cell becomes committed to a specific cellular lineage. These cells progress through a series of intermediate stages before becoming a mature cell with a specialized function. At any given time, pools of each progenitor cell are maintained and primed to rapidly respond to a reduction of red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets. The graphic below depicts the stages of hematopoiesis for red blood cells and platelets. 
 Stages of Hematopoiesis 
 
 TGF- signaling pathways involving activins prevent differentiation in order to maintain progenitor cells in a quiescent state while others involving BMPs promote differentiation of progenitor cells. Homeostasis of this process is essential to ensure all cell types are properly replenished in the blood. 
 In many hematological disorders, there is abnormal proliferation and differentiation of the progenitor cells for red blood cells, platelets and neutrophils. This failure to produce fully mature cells is termed ineffective hematopoiesis, and may be due to single or multiple defects that can lead to a hyperproliferation or a shortage of progenitor cells. 
 3 

These changes have clinical consequences: a lack of red blood cells leads to anemia, a lack of platelets hampers clotting, resulting in increased incidence of bleeding events, and a lack of neutrophils increases susceptibility to infection. The failure of progenitor cells to differentiate can also lead to a build-up of these cells, resulting in bone marrow failure and fibrotic disease. The graphic below provides an illustration of the difference in the number of progenitor cells and mature bloods cells that are produced in normal hematopoiesis and in ineffective hematopoiesis. 
 
 Another critical component in red blood cell development is the production of hemoglobin, an iron-containing protein that delivers oxygen to cells and removes carbon dioxide. The synthesis of hemoglobin requires that sufficient levels of iron are present in the bone marrow and if iron levels are too low, it can result in a failure to produce sufficient numbers of red blood cells. Anemia is a common consequence of diseases where normal iron mobilization is hindered. 
 KER-050: For the Treatment of Ineffective Hematopoiesis to Address Cytopenias 
 We are developing KER-050, our lead protein therapeutic product candidate, for the treatment of cytopenias that occur due to ineffective hematopoiesis, including anemia and thrombocytopenia, in patients with MDS and in patients with myelofibrosis. KER-050 is designed to benefit patients suffering from defects in red blood cell and platelet differentiation and maturation across the spectrum from early through terminal stages of hematopoiesis. Consequently, KER-050 may be effective for many patients that have limited treatment options or are refractory to available therapies. 
 Myelodysplastic Syndromes 
 MDS is a collection of bone marrow disorders characterized by ineffective hematopoiesis, often with a dramatic expansion of progenitor cells that are unable to mature into functioning blood cells. In the United States, there are 60,000 to 170,000 patients with MDS and 15,000 to 20,000 new cases of MDS reported each year. MDS predominantly affects older adults, with approximately 75 of patients aged 60 years or older at diagnosis. Median survival ranges from approximately nine years for very low-risk patients to less than a year for high-risk patients. 
 Cytopenias in MDS are caused by defects occurring across the various stages of hematopoiesis, from the self-renewal of progenitor cells to differentiation in early through terminal stages. Anemia is the most frequent consequence of ineffective hematopoiesis in patients with MDS due to low red blood cell production, and impacts 90 of MDS patients, with approximately 40 becoming transfusion dependent. Another consequence is thrombocytopenia, a deficiency of platelets in the blood, which is impaired blood clotting that can cause bleeding. The prevalence of thrombocytopenia in patients with MDS has been reported at 40 to 65 . A deficiency of neutrophils in the blood, or neutropenia, also increases the risk of serious infections in patients with MDS and has been reported to affect approximately 20 of patients with MDS. 
 4 

To guide decisions on risk stratification and the treatment of patients with MDS, clinicians typically use the International Prognostic Scoring System-Revised, or the IPSS-R. The IPSS-R incorporates information on bone marrow blast percentage, karyotype and presence and severity of cytopenias in order to classify patients with MDS into groups based on the risk of progression to acute myeloid leukemia, ranging from very low-risk to high-risk. Patients are further classified into high transfusion burden and low transfusion burden categories based on the number of units of transfused red blood cells they receive. 
 A second classification system is the World Health Organization, or WHO, system, which is based on a combination of morphology, immunophenotype, genetics and clinical features. The WHO classification system includes a subgroup of patients with MDS that show the presence of iron deposits around the mitochondria, known as ring sideroblasts. These patients are commonly referred to as RS positive and comprise approximately 15 of incident patients with MDS, and splicing factor mutations, such as SF3B1 , are highly correlated with these patients. Patients with splicing factor mutations often have been observed to have defects in the differentiation of red blood cells at the terminal stage. The majority of patients with MDS that develop cytopenias lack ring sideroblasts or a single, defining splicing factor mutation and are termed non-RS. These non-RS patients have differentiation and maturation defects occurring across the spectrum from early through terminal stages of hematopoiesis. 
 Limitations of Current Treatment Options for Cytopenias in Patients with MDS 
 Patients with MDS-associated anemia are generally treated with red blood cell transfusions and erythropoises-stimulating agents, or ESAs, which are not approved for such treatment. The current treatment of MDS-associated thrombocytopenia is platelet transfusions and platelet-stimulating agents. 
 Severe cytopenia and transfusion dependence are independent predictors of poor prognosis for patients with MDS and are inversely correlated with quality of life. Red blood cell and platelet transfusions provide temporary benefits to patients with MDS, but are associated with both acute and chronic health risks, including risk of bacterial infection and allergic reactions to the donor blood, and place a significant burden on both the patient and the healthcare system. Repeated red blood cell transfusions are also associated with iron overload, further exacerbating damage to the bone marrow and increasing the risk of acute myeloid leukemia progression and cardiovascular disease. Additionally, the benefit from a platelet transfusion is typically short-lived and availability is limited. Platelet-stimulating agents for the treatment of thrombocytopenia, which are not currently indicated for MDS, carry the risk of thromboembolic events and bone marrow fibrosis. 
 5 

ESAs are a class of drugs that work on the proliferation stage of red blood cell development by expanding the pool of early-stage progenitor cells. While ESAs have been shown to alleviate anemia in a subset of patients with MDS, patients that have elevated endogenous erythropoietin levels are unlikely to respond. In two controlled Phase 3 clinical trials evaluating darbepoetin alfa (Aranesp) and epoetin alpha (Epogen/Procrit) for the treatment of MDS-associated anemia, 15 to 31 of patients responded, respectively. However, this response was limited to patients with low endogenous erythropoietin levels at baseline and to patients who had a low transfusion burden at baseline. These treatment options also represent a significant burden to patients; epoetin alpha must be administered up to three times a week. Additionally, the effect of ESAs is limited to the red blood cell lineage and, therefore, ESAs only treat MDS-associated anemia and do not provide benefit to cytopenia of other cell lineages, including thrombocytopenia and neutropenia. 
 Reblozyl, a TGF- -based erythroid maturation agent, is designed to promote the terminal differentiation of red blood cells through inhibition of selected endogenous TGF- superfamily ligands. The characteristics of response were defined in a Phase 2 clinical trial of Reblozyl in patients with MDS. Consistent with the mechanism of Reblozyl on the terminal stages of erythropoiesis, the majority of responders were determined to have an SF3B1 splicing factor mutation. Additionally, the responders were characterized as having increased erythroid progenitor cells in the bone marrow, while patients with fewer erythroid progenitor cells in the bone marrow did not achieve hematological improvement. We believe this indicates that Reblozyl is limited to its effect on terminal differentiation of erythropoiesis and does not affect the early stages of differentiation. 
 Reblozyl received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, in April 2020 for the treatment of anemia in adult RS positive patients with very low- to intermediate-risk MDS that failed an erythropoiesis stimulating agent and required two or more units of red blood cells over eight weeks. The approval was based on a single Phase 3 clinical trial of Reblozyl that was conducted in RS positive, very low- to intermediate-risk patients with MDS. This trial included both patients with low transfusion dependence requiring fewer than four units of red blood cells over eight weeks and patients with high transfusion dependence requiring four or more units of red blood cells over eight weeks. In this trial, 37.9 of the RS positive patients treated with Reblozyl achieved the primary endpoint of transfusion independence, compared to 13.2 of patients that received placebo. The highest proportion of responders to Reblozyl were those with low transfusion dependence, while only a few high transfusion burden patients achieved transfusion independence despite being RS positive patients. 
 Accordingly, we believe that additional treatment options will be needed to address anemia in the heterogeneous non-ring sideroblast MDS population, to provide clinical benefit to the RS positive population regardless of transfusion burden and to address other cytopenias, such as thrombocytopenia. 
 KER-050 is designed to alter TGF- signaling pathways at multiple stages of hematopoietic differentiation in both red blood cells and platelets. Consequently, we believe KER-050 has the potential to provide therapeutic benefit in a broader subset of patients with MDS that have varying defects in commitment, differentiation and maturation of multiple cell types found in blood. 
 Myelofibrosis 
 Myelofibrosis is a group of rare cancers of the bone marrow in which the marrow is replaced by scar tissue and is not able to produce healthy blood cells. As a result, the spleen begins to produce cells to compensate for this ineffective hematopoiesis, which ultimately causes the spleen to enlarge. Myelofibrosis is characterized by ineffective hematopoiesis, an enlarged spleen, bone marrow fibrosis and shortened survival. Patients often experience multiple disease-associated and treatment-emergent cytopenias, including anemia and thrombocytopenia. 
 The ineffective hematopoiesis in myelofibrosis is driven by molecular abnormalities in the Janus kinase 2, or JAK2, -signal transducers and activators of transcription, or JAK-STAT, signaling pathway of transcriptional activators. Specifically, JAK2 activation leads to proliferation of red blood cell progenitors and platelet progenitors, or megakaryocytes, that fail to mature to platelets. Additionally, megakaryocyte dysplasia/hyperplasia has been implicated in inducing bone marrow fibrosis in patients with myelofibrosis. The inability of megakaryocytes to fully differentiate leads to the release of pro-inflammatory and pro-fibrotic factors that results in scarring of the bone marrow, which further exacerbates the myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. 
 Myelofibrosis is a relatively rare condition with an identified prevalence of 16,000 to 18,500 patients in the United States. Approximately 3,000 new patients are diagnosed with myelofibrosis each year, and the median age at diagnosis is approximately 60 years. Currently, there are limited therapeutic options to address the myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. Within a year of diagnosis, 38 of patients with myelofibrosis are red blood cell transfusion dependent and eventually nearly all will develop transfusion dependence. Additionally, within a year of diagnosis, 26 of patients with myelofibrosis will develop thrombocytopenia and 51 will develop anemia. 
 Limitations of Current Treatment Options for Cytopenias in Patients with Myelofibrosis 
 There are no approved pharmacological treatments for myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network describes all therapeutic options to address myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias, including transfusions, as only minimally effective. 
 6 

Currently approved products for the treatment of myelofibrosis, including JAK inhibitors ruxolitinib (Jakafi), fedratinib (Inrebic) and pacritinib (Vonjo), have been observed to exacerbate myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. In a third-party Phase 3 clinical trial of Jakafi and a third-party Phase 3 clinical trial of Inrebic, treatment led to significant reductions in spleen volume and improvement in total symptom scores. However, JAK inhibitors interfere with normal hematopoiesis and treatment with Jakafi and Inrebic also resulted in clinically significant anemia and thrombocytopenia in these Phase 3 trials. Approximately 45 of patients in the Phase 3 clinical trial of Jakafi developed treatment-related grade 3 or 4 anemia. Grade 3 or higher adverse events of anemia and thrombocytopenia were observed in approximately 34 and 12 , respectively, of patients evaluated in the Phase 3 clinical trial of Inrebic. The treatment-related cytopenias led to severe complications, dose reductions and reduced compliance. 
 We believe KER-050 has the potential to ameliorate myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. 
 Our Solution: KER-050 
 KER-050 is a ligand trap comprised of a modified ligand-binding domain of ActRIIA that is fused to the portion of the human antibody known as the Fc domain. KER-050 is designed to bind to and inhibit the signaling of TGF- ligands involved in the regulation of hematopoiesis, including activin A, activin B and growth differentiation factor 11, that restrict blood cell progenitors from continuing through differentiation and developing into mature cells with specialized function. The KER-050-mediated inhibition of these regulators has been shown in preclinical studies to stimulate the progenitors to progress to maturation and, consequently, increase the number of mature cells in the blood. 
 Specifically related to red blood cells, we have demonstrated in multiple preclinical studies that administration of a mouse version of KER-050, or RKER-050, elicited increases in red blood cell production in healthy mice by stimulating multiple stages in the maturation of erythroid precursors. The rapid and sustained increase in red blood cells observed in these preclinical studies suggests that RKER-050 potentially stimulated both terminal maturation of late-stage erythroid precursors to rapidly increase red blood cells and maturation of early-stage precursor populations to increase the pool of progenitors that can be mobilized for a sustained upregulation of erythropoiesis. Additionally, by increasing the pool of early erythroid precursor cells and serum erythropoietin, we believe KER-050 can potentially treat patients with MDS that have hypocellular bone marrow. We have also observed an increase in erythropoietin in healthy mice in preclinical studies of RKER-050, which we believe could contribute to the durability in red blood cell production and is supportive of the durability of the red blood cell increase we observed in our Phase 1 clinical trial of KER-050 in healthy post-menopausal women. 
 We have also demonstrated in preclinical studies that treatment with a single dose of RKER-050 resulted in rapid and sustained increases in platelets in healthy mice. We observed an increase in platelets 12 hours after administration of RKER-050, which we believe supports that KER-050 can potentially promote production of platelets by blocking inhibitory TGF- ligands so that megakaryocytes can fully differentiate. Additionally, bone marrow analysis performed 24 hours post-dose demonstrated that administration of RKER-050 increased the megakaryocyte precursor population, and that these cells had increased ploidy compared to vehicle-treated mice. These data suggest that RKER-050 promoted the maturation of early megakaryocyte populations and primed megakaryocytes for proplatelet production. 
 Separately, in a preclinical study in wild type mice, treatment with ruxolitinib resulted in reductions in red blood cells, hemoglobin and hematocrit, recapitulating the anemia observed in myelofibrosis patients. Administration of RKER-050 reversed the observed ruxolitinib-associated reductions in the red blood cell parameters, which we believe supports the potential of KER-050 to mitigate the dose-limiting effects of ruxolitinib and enhance the duration of therapy in myelofibrosis patients. 
 Data from our Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers and our two ongoing Phase 2 clinical trials, one in patients with MDS and one in patients with myelofibrosis, also demonstrate that treatment with KER-050 increased red blood cell and platelet production. These data indicate that KER-050 is differentiated from available therapies because it appears to have both sustained and rapid effects on multiple cellular lineages in the hematopoietic pathway. We believe KER-050 s promotion of differentiation of early- and terminal-stage progenitor cells contributes to these sustained and rapid effects, respectively, and consequently, KER-050 may be effective for many patients that are refractory to available therapies and may potentially provide benefit in multiple cytopenias simultaneously. 
 7 

Mechanism of Action of KER-050 
 
 Consistent with our preclinical studies, which showed improvement in bone health, we observed an increase in b one-specific alkaline phosphatase, a biomarker of bone remodeling , in our Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers following administration of KER-050. Based on these data, we believe KER-050 also has the potential to regenerate a healthy bone marrow and slow disease progression. 
 We intend to develop KER-050 for the treatment of both MDS- and myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. We believe KER-050 has the potential to overcome limitations of current treatment options for MDS- and myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. We believe the potential advantages of KER-050 compared to current treatment options include: 
 Dual mechanism affecting both the early and terminal stages of erythropoiesis. Patients with MDS can have defects occurring anywhere along the differentiation and maturation spectrum of erythropoiesis, and often have multiple mutations that cause ineffective erythropoiesis. By acting on cell types throughout the erythropoiesis pathway, KER-050 may lead to robust responses in RS positive patients who have a characteristic defect in terminal maturation, and may also address anemia in the broader MDS population, including non-RS patients, that has defects in earlier-stage erythroid cell development. 
 Increased platelet counts in blood. Ineffective hematopoiesis in patients with MDS and in patients with myelofibrosis can result in thrombocytopenia, which can lead to an increased risk of bleeding events. We believe treatment with KER-050 has the potential to address the MDS- and myelofibrosis-associated thrombocytopenia. Additionally, by promoting thrombopoiesis, we believe KER-050 has the potential to aid the differentiation of megakaryocytes to platelets in myelofibrosis patients and reactivate hematopoiesis in the bone marrow. 
 Reduced accumulation of progenitor cells. Ineffective hematopoiesis in patients with MDS and in patients with myelofibrosis can be caused by excessive production of blood cell progenitors that are unable to complete differentiation and ultimately become mature blood cells. We believe treatment with KER-050 will stimulate these progenitors to progress to maturation, ameliorating the accumulation of these cells that lead to MDS- and myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. 
 Regeneration of the bone marrow microenvironment to potentially slow disease progression. The bone marrow microenvironment is composed of bone cells, stromal cells, immune cells, blood vessels and nerves. Crosstalk in this osteo-hematopoietic niche determines the maintenance, self-renewal and eventual differentiation of hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cells to blood cells. Accordingly, a disease-impacted bone marrow microenvironment contributes to ineffective hematopoiesis and bone loss. In a preclinical study, administration of RKER-050 in a mouse model of MDS prevented the anemia and bone loss observed in the vehicle-treated MDS mice. We believe these data support the potential of KER-050 to alter the bone marrow microenvironment that is supportive of self-renewal and maintenance of normal hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cells in patients with MDS and other hematological diseases, including myelofibrosis. 
 Robust and sustained increase in red blood cells, hemoglobin and reticulocytes, supporting monthly or less frequent dosing. ESAs can require dosing up to three times a week. We believe that treatment with KER-050 has the potential to reduce the frequency of dosing to every four weeks or less frequently, thereby decreasing the burden on patients and potentially improving compliance. 
 Ongoing Phase 2 Clinical Trial in Patients with Myelodysplastic Syndromes 
 We are conducting an open label, two-part, multiple ascending dose Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate KER-050 in patients with very low-, low-, or intermediate-risk MDS who either have or have not previously received treatment with an ESA. The 
 8 

primary objective of this trial is to assess the safety and tolerability of KER-050 in patients with MDS that either have ring sideroblasts, or RS positive, or do not have ring sideroblasts, or non-RS. The primary objective of Part 2 of this trial is confirmation of the safety and tolerability of the selected dose levels. The secondary objectives of this trial are to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and efficacy of KER-050. The trial design is summarized in the figure below. 
 Phase 2 Clinical Trial Design 
 
 KER-050 is being administered to patients subcutaneously once every four weeks. In Part 2, the dose confirmation portion of the trial, an identical dosing schedule was followed, and patients initiated treatment at a starting dose of 3.75 mg/kg, the recommended Part 2 dose, or RP2D, with the opportunity to dose escalate to 5.0 mg/kg or to down-titrate based on individual titration rules. Following completion of Part 1, eligible patients were given the opportunity to escalate up to the RP2D and receive long-term treatment with KER-050 for up to an additional 20 cycles, which we refer to as the Part 1 Extension. 
 In December 2022, we presented additional data from this ongoing trial at the 64th American Society of Hematology, or ASH, Annual Meeting and Exposition. As of October 1, 2022, which was the data cut-off date, 25 patients from Part 1, including the Part 1 Extension, and 11 patients from Part 2 had received at least one dose of KER-050 at RP2D, which we refer to as the safety population. 29 of these patients had completed eight weeks of treatment and the applicable assessments as of the data cut-off date, which we refer to as the evaluable RP2D patients. 
 Of the 36 patients in the safety population, 63.9 (n=23/36) were RS positive while 36.1 (n=13/36) were non-RS. The safety population was comprised of ten non-transfused, or NT, six low transfusion burden, or LTB, and 20 high transfusion burden, or HTB, patients. 
 As of the data cut-off date, 51.7 (n=15/29) of the evaluable RP2D patients achieved an overall erythroid response, which is defined as meeting one of the following two endpoints: 
 IWG 2006 Hematological improvement-erythroid, or HI-E, which is defined as either: 
 a 1.5 g/dL increase in hemoglobin for eight weeks in LTB and NT patients; or 
 a reduction by 4 red blood cell units transfused during any eight-week period during the trial, compared with the eight-week period prior to cycle 1, Day 1 in HTB patients. 
 Transfusion independence, or TI, for at least eight weeks in transfusion-dependent patients who required 2 red blood cell units transfused at baseline. 
 
 Additional data from the evaluable RP2D patients, as of the data cut-off date, include: 
 51.7 (n=15/29) of the evaluable RP2D population achieved HI-E over an eight-week period. 
 50.0 (n=9/18) of the transfused RP2D patients receiving two red blood cell units at baseline achieved TI for at least eight weeks. Of these 18 patients, 12 were RS positive and six were non-RS. 
 50.0 (n=6/12) of these RS positive patients achieved TI for at least eight weeks. 
 50.0 (n=3/6) of these non-RS patients achieved TI for at least eight weeks. 
 9 

Of the transfused RP2D patients, 50.0 (n=8/16) of those who are HTB achieved TI for at least eight weeks. Of these 16 patients, 11 were RS positive and five were non-RS. 
 45.5 (n=5/11) of these RS positive HTB patients achieved TI for at least eight weeks. 
 60.0 (n=3/5) of these non-RS HTB patients achieved TI for at least eight weeks. 
 53.3 (n=8/15) of the transfused RP2D patients receiving two red blood cell units at baseline, with the opportunity to extend treatment beyond four cycles, achieved TI for at least 12 weeks, demonstrating a sustained TI benefit with continued treatment. 
 Of these transfused RP2D patients, 50.0 (n=7/14) of those who are HTB achieved TI for at least 12 weeks. 
 
 As of the data cut-off date, sustained increases in platelet counts were observed for patients achieving HI-E or TI over a 24-week treatment period, supporting a potentially differentiated mechanism of KER-050 to promote hematopoiesis across multiple cell lineages. 
 As of the data cut-off date, KER-050 was generally well tolerated by the 36 patients in the safety population. No dose-limiting toxicities were reported, and no patients progressed to acute myeloid leukemia. There was one case of a fatal treatment-emergent adverse event, or TEAE, in the trial that was determined to be unrelated to treatment. There were three additional TEAEs that led to discontinuation of treatment, one of which was deemed treatment related (injection site reaction) and two of which were determined to be unrelated to treatment (dyspnea and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease). The most commonly reported TEAEs were diarrhea, fatigue, dyspnea and nausea. 
 The following data from one patient enrolled in this trial was also presented: 
 A 72-year-old non-RS, HTB male patient with MDS with multi-lineage dysplasia and concomitant iron chelation therapy achieved an initial HI-E response, but not TI, when treated with four 1.5 mg/kg doses of KER-050 in Part 1 of the trial. The patient was re-screened and initiated Part 1 Extension following a 112-day gap between the last dose he received in Part 1 of the trial and the first dose he received in the Part 1 Extension. The patient achieved TI upon recommencement of treatment at a 2.5 mg/kg dose of KER-050 every four weeks. After 24 weeks, the patient dose escalated to 3.75 mg/kg every four weeks per the trial protocol, and remained TI for at least 44 weeks as of the data cut-off date. 
 As of January 9, 2023, this patient had remained TI for 60 weeks. 
 
 We also presented an exploratory analysis of biomarkers of iron overload, or IO, with data from the 31 patients who received up to four cycles of treatment in the completed Part 1. 58.1 (n=18/31) of these patients were classified as HTB. At baseline, transfusion-dependent patients exhibited biomarkers suggestive of a greater degree of ineffective hematopoiesis than NT patients, including lower levels of hemoglobin, reticulocytes and soluble transferrin receptor. In addition, lower levels of transferrin and elevated levels of serum ferritin at baseline, especially among HTB patients, suggest more severe IO in transfusion-dependent patients as compared to NT patients. Key observations from this analysis, as of the data cut-off date, are as follows: 
 Soluble transferrin receptor levels generally increased with KER-050 treatment, particularly in HTB patients, while ferritin levels decreased. 
 On an individual level, most patients who achieved HI-E or TI also showed decreases in serum ferritin. Such decreases were generally greater in patients with baseline ferritin of >500 ng/mL, suggesting potential for KER-050 to reduce IO in the most impacted patients. 
 Reductions in transfusion burden, based on transfused red blood cells over eight weeks, were generally associated with reductions in serum ferritin, especially for patients who achieved TI. 
 
 Taken together, the results from the trial and the exploratory analysis as of the data cut-off date suggest that KER-050 has the potential to improve hematopoiesis, reduce transfusion burden and reduce IO, particularly in patients receiving frequent red blood cell transfusions. 
 Ongoing Phase 2 Clinical Trial in Patients with Myelofibrosis-Associated Cytopenias 
 We are conducting an open label, two-part, multiple ascending dose Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate KER-050 as a monotherapy and in combination with ruxolitinib in patients with myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. The primary objective of this trial is to assess the safety and tolerability of KER-050 in patients with myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias. The primary objective of Part 2 of this trial is confirmation of the safety and tolerability of the selected dose levels. The secondary objectives of this trial are to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and efficacy of KER-050 administered with or without ruxolitinib. The trial design is summarized in the figure below. 
 Phase 2 Clinical Trial Design 
 10 

In December 2022, we presented initial data from this ongoing trial at the 64th ASH Annual Meeting and Exposition. As of October 1, 2022, which was the data cut-off date, 12 patients were enrolled in Part 1, with six patients in each arm receiving 0.75 mg/kg dose of KER-050. For the patients in the combination therapy arm, the median ruxolitinib dose was 12.5 mg twice daily at baseline. As of the data cut-off date, in each of the arms, at least half of the enrolled patients had received three or more doses of KER-050. At baseline, 41.7 (n=5/12) were transfusion-dependent, with an average transfusion burden of 9.8 red blood cell units in the 12 weeks preceding cycle 1, Day 1. 
 As of the data cut-off date, KER-050 was generally well tolerated, with no drug-related serious adverse events or dose-limiting toxicities reported. No patients had a treatment-related dose reduction of KER-050 or ruxolitinib as of the data cut-off date. The most commonly reported TEAEs were diarrhea, COVID-19, dyspnea and fatigue. One patient withdrew from the trial due to an unrelated adverse event. 
 Although variability was observed, as of the data cut-off date, treatment with KER-050 at the lowest dose in the trial (0.75 mg/kg) resulted in increased reticulocytes and platelets on aggregate across cycles 1 and 2. These increases were observed in both monotherapy and combination arms, as well as in both non-transfusion-dependent and transfusion-dependent patients. These data support the potential of KER-050 to potentially promote differentiation of erythroid and megakaryocytic precursors and treat anemia and thrombocytopenia in patients with myelofibrosis. 
 The following data from two patients enrolled in this trial were also presented: 
 In a 60 year-old, non-transfusion-dependent female patient with primary myelofibrosis in the monotherapy arm, an increase in reticulocytes was observed after a single 0.75 mg/kg dose of KER-050, which was followed by a sustained increase in hemoglobin of >1.5 g/dL over baseline with continued dosing for >12 consecutive weeks in the first 24 weeks of the trial. The observed increases in erythropoietic markers corresponded with sustained decreases in ferritin and erythropoietin, which is consistent with upregulation of erythropoiesis. An overall increase in platelet count was also observed in this patient. 
 In a 75 year-old, transfusion-dependent male patient with high-risk myelofibrosis and severe thrombocytopenia in the combination arm, increases in reticulocytes and soluble transferrin receptor levels were observed following the first cycle of treatment. Though platelet counts fluctuated over the treatment period, improvements were observed following the second and third cycles. The patient experienced a reduction in red blood cell transfusion burden from nine units per 12 weeks pre-treatment to six units per 12 weeks post-treatment. 
 Clinical Development Strategy 
 We expect to complete enrollment in the transfusion-dependent cohorts in the Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with MDS in the second half of 2023, and expect to report additional data from Part 2 of the trial in the first half and the second half of 2023. We also expect to expand this trial to MDS patients with iron overload in the second half of 2023. 
 11 

Separately, we expect to announce dose escalation data from the Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with myelofibrosis-associated cytopenias and initiate Part 2 of this trial in the second half of 2023. 
 Completed Phase 1 Clinical Trial 
 In January 2020, we completed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, two-part, dose-escalation Phase 1 clinical trial of KER-050 in 48 healthy post-menopausal women. The primary objectives of this trial were safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics. We also investigated changes in hematology and bone biomarkers in this clinical trial. 
 In Part 1 of this trial, 30 subjects received a single dose of KER-050 and eight subjects received a single dose of placebo, each administered subcutaneously with a 12-week safety follow-up. The subjects were enrolled in sequential single-ascending dose escalation cohorts of up to ten subjects each. In Part 2 of this trial, eight subjects received KER-050 and two received placebo, administered subcutaneously, on two occasions 28 days apart, with a 12-week safety follow-up after the second dose. In Part 2 of this trial, only one dose level was evaluated, as it was deemed to provide the necessary data, in addition to that from Part 1 of the trial, to inform the design of the Phase 2 clinical trials of KER-050 in patients with MDS and in patients with myelofibrosis. 
 The trial design is summarized in the figure below. 
 
 Observed tolerability data 
 KER-050 was well tolerated in this Phase 1 clinical trial at dose levels up to 4.5 mg/kg, the highest dose level tested, and multiple doses of 0.75 mg/kg. While one subject in the placebo group withdrew consent, there were no discontinuations due to treatment-related adverse events. No treatment-related serious adverse events were reported. The most common adverse events observed in subjects in this trial were nausea, gastroenteritis, injection site erythema and, consistent with the mechanism of action of KER-050, increased hemoglobin and hypertension. The reversible, mild hypertension events were observed in subjects with an approximately 3 g/dL increase in hemoglobin. 
 Long half-life observed, potentially supporting monthly or less frequent dosing 
 We observed that KER-050 drug levels were dose proportional in Part 1 of this trial, with a mean half-life of approximately ten to 12 days. The half-life coupled with the pharmacodynamic effect observed in the hematologic parameters support the potential for administration of monthly or less frequent dosing, which we believe will decrease the burden on patients and improve compliance. 
 Rapid and sustained increases in mean reticulocyte counts, hemoglobin, red blood cell counts and platelet counts observed 
 In Part 1 of this trial, we observed rapid and sustained increases in mean reticulocyte counts, hemoglobin, red blood cell counts and platelet counts. Consistent with the underlying biology, increases in reticulocytes were observed early with increases of hemoglobin following thereafter. Increases in reticulocytes were observed as early as Day 2 and reached a peak 
 12 

around Day 15. Increases in hemoglobin concentration were also observed as early as Day 2, reached a peak around Day 29 and remained elevated for several weeks. 
 
 We also observed a dose-dependent increase in the proportion of subjects with hemoglobin increases of at least 1.5 g/dL. We believe a 1.5 g/dL increase would be considered clinically meaningful in patients with low red blood cell counts. 
 
 In addition to the changes in erythroid parameters, robust, dose-dependent increases in platelet count were observed after a single dose of KER-050. All subjects who received a 4.5 mg/kg dose of KER-050, the highest dose evaluated, demonstrated an increase of 30 x 10 9 cells/L or greater at any one point in the trial, which we believe would be considered clinically meaningful in patients with low platelet counts. 
 
 We believe the rapid onset and durability of increased hemoglobin and platelet count observed in our Phase 1 clinical trial supports the potential for a dual effect of KER-050 on both early-stage differentiation and terminal maturation. 
 13 

Additionally, we observed reductions in follicle-stimulating hormone, a biomarker of activin inhibition, following administration of KER-050, which we believe is indicative of target engagement and activin inhibition. We also observed an increase in bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, a biomarker of bone remodeling, which we believe demonstrates that KER-050 has the potential to increase bone mass. 

We believe that the findings from this Phase 1 clinical trial demonstrate the translation of biological action from rodents to humans. We also believe that data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials support that treatment with KER-050 has the potential to address ineffective hematopoiesis in diseases where multiple cytopenias arise from the blockage in progression of progenitor cells to mature blood cells, such as in MDS and myelofibrosis. 
 KER-047: For the Treatment of Functional Iron Deficiency 
 We are developing KER-047, our lead small molecule product candidate, for the treatment of functional iron deficiency. We believe KER-047 is a potent and selective inhibitor of ALK2, a receptor whose excessive signaling is the underlying cause of the elevated levels of hepcidin, the key regulator of iron absorption and recycling, that leads to low iron bioavailability and anemia in a broad range of diseases. 
 Hepcidin and Iron Homeostasis 
 Iron supply in the bone marrow is critical for erythropoiesis, as iron is an essential component of hemoglobin. Although iron is required for many functions in the body, including erythropoiesis, high iron levels are toxic, so circulating levels are regulated to avoid iron overload. To maintain this balance, absorption of dietary iron is tightly controlled and recycled iron is held in the liver and macrophages, which we refer to as the storage tissues, to be mobilized quickly when circulating iron levels are too low. These storage tissues also act to sequester away iron when levels are too high. Hepcidin, a hormone produced by the liver, is the key regulator of iron absorption and recycling, and controls both the recirculation of iron from storage tissues as well as the absorption of dietary iron from the intestine. 
 Hepcidin levels are upregulated through activation of the ALK2 receptor, which is a BMP receptor belonging to the broader TGF- family of proteins. Hepcidin levels are tightly regulated by liver cells through BMP6 signaling via ALK2. High serum iron triggers the expression of BMP6, which then acts to increase hepcidin expression, resulting in iron sequestration, decreased iron absorption and reduced serum iron. Hepcidin is controlled by a feedback loop, and serum hepcidin levels are inversely related to serum iron levels. This feedback loop prevents this system from shifting out of balance. The system is down regulated through the activity of matriptase-2, or MT-2, a cell surface protease, which is encoded by the TMPRSS6 gene. This protein reduces the ability of BMP6 to signal through ALK2. The below graphic illustrates a normal functioning of the negative feedback loop. 
 14 

Regulation of Iron in the Body 
 
 Functional Iron Deficiency 
 Failure to suppress ALK2 signaling can result in elevated hepcidin levels, which are associated with decreased dietary iron absorption, increased iron sequestration in storage tissues and low iron bioavailability in the bone marrow. These conditions of functional iron deficiency culminate in a shortage of serum iron, which leads to insufficient red blood cell production that manifests as mild to moderate anemia. 
 High hepcidin levels can also be the result of genetic disease. Iron-refractory iron deficiency anemia, or IRIDA, is a rare, inherited form of iron deficiency anemia that results in loss of function of MT-2, resulting in elevated ALK2 signaling and high hepcidin levels. Patients with IRIDA have the typical symptoms of anemia, including fatigue, weakness and shortness of breath, in addition to other symptoms associated with low iron. These symptoms are most pronounced during childhood, although they tend to be mild. 
 The prevalence of IRIDA worldwide is estimated to be less than one person in 1,000,000. IRIDA was first described in 1981 with the observation that patients with anemia were refractory to treatment with oral iron. However, the association of mutations in the TMPRSS6 gene with IRIDA was not identified until 2008, and genetic testing for IRIDA is not widely available. Furthermore, affected individuals usually have normal growth and development, so IRIDA is poorly diagnosed. All these factors contribute to an inability to accurately determine the prevalence of IRIDA. 
 Hepcidin levels are also elevated due to chronic inflammation in MDS and myelofibrosis, which limits the availability of iron for hemoglobin production, resulting in anemia. Red blood cell transfusions, which are used to treat anemia, can lead to iron overload and toxicity in cardiovascular and other tissues. 
 Limitations of Current Treatment Options for Functional Iron Deficiency 
 There are no current treatments that address the underlying cause of functional iron deficiency, including in patients with IRIDA and in MDS and myelofibrosis patients with functional iron deficiency. 
 Patients with functional iron deficiency anemia have elevated levels of hepcidin, potentially with accompanying iron overload in multiple organ systems. This chronic iron overload can lead to multiple organ dysfunction, including in the liver, heart and endocrine. Accordingly, iron chelation therapy is used to reduce iron deposits in those organs. Iron chelators can be administered by intravenous or subcutaneous twice daily injections (deferoxamine) or taken orally once (deferasirox) to three times daily (deferiprone). While orally available chelators, particularly Deferasirox (Exjade) are currently prescribed due to their ease of administration, some patients still need to receive deferoxamine infusions. Regardless of administration profile, chelator use carries a known risk of severe side effects with several restrictions of use and black box warnings regarding potential renal, ophthalmic, hepatic and gastrointestinal, or GI, toxicity/failure, with common acute GI side effects including abdominal pain, diarrhea, nausea and vomiting. The side effect profile as well as frequency of administration and perceived bad taste are reported as drivers of poor patient compliance with this existing treatment option. 
 15 

We believe that a treatment option that reestablishes normal iron homeostasis has the potential to benefit a broad range of patients with functional iron deficiency. 
 Our Solution: KER-047 
 KER-047 is an orally-available small molecule ALK2 inhibitor designed to potently inhibit ALK2 signaling, with high selectivity for ALK2 relative to other structurally-similar TGF- receptors as well as other kinase families. 
 Mechanism of Action of KER-047 
 
 We believe that KER-047 has the potential to address the underlying cause of diseases arising from functional iron deficiency by suppressing ALK2 signaling to normalize hepcidin expression and mobilize iron out of tissues. We believe this effect will result in increased iron bioavailability, resulting in restoration of the production of red blood cells and a reversal of anemia in patients with functional iron deficiency anemia and patients with IRIDA. By ameliorating anemia arising from functional iron deficiency, we believe KER-047 can potentially eliminate the need for excessive supplementary iron or IV iron treatments and avoid the adverse events associated with those treatment options. In addition, we believe KER-047, if approved, has the potential to mobilize excess iron being stored in tissues into the serum. By ameliorating the excess iron in tissues, we believe KER-047 can potentially eliminate or reduce the need for phlebotomy and/or treatment with iron chelators, while allowing patients to avoid the adverse events associated with these treatments and providing benefit to patients where the current treatment options are largely ineffective. 
 Ongoing Phase 2 Clinical Trial in Patients with IRIDA 
 We are conducting an open label, two-part, dose-escalation and dose-expansion Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate KER-047 in patients with IRIDA. The primary objective of this trial is to assess the safety of KER-047. The secondary objectives of this trial are to evaluate the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of KER-047. We expect to use the data from Part 1 of this trial to select the dose level and duration to be evaluated in Part 2 of this trial. The trial design is summarized in the figure below. 
 16 

Phase 2 Clinical Trial Design 
 
 In December 2022, we presented data from one patient enrolled in Cohort 1 of Part 1 of this trial who completed the 14-day treatment and washout periods, at the 64th ASH Annual Meeting and Exposition. Treatment with KER-047 was generally well tolerated by this patient, with no serious adverse events or dose-limiting toxicities reported during treatment. There was one TEAE reported, which was determined to be unrelated to the treatment. 
 In this patient, hepcidin and serum ferritin levels decreased following administration of KER-047. Serum ferritin returned to baseline levels in the washout period, indicating that the effect was potentially treatment-associated. Reticulocyte hemoglobin also increased in this patient during the treatment period. Taken together, these data are suggestive of iron redistribution consistent with the mechanism of action of KER-047. 
 Clinical Development Strategy 
 We expect to report additional data from Part 1 of the Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with IRIDA in the second half of 2023. We also expect to commence an open-label Phase 2 clinical trial in MDS and myelofibrosis patients with functional iron deficiency in the first half of 2023, and expect to report initial data from this trial in the second half of 2023. 
 Completed Phase 1 Clinical Trial 
 In November 2020, we completed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, two-part Phase 1 clinical trial to evaluate single and multiple ascending doses of KER-047 in healthy volunteers. The primary objectives of this trial were to assess safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of KER-047. The trial design is summarized in the figure below. 
 Phase 1 Clinical Trial Design 
 
 17 

Observed tolerability data 
 The majority of adverse events observed in this Phase 1 clinical trial were mild or moderate in severity, and only two were severe. There were no serious adverse events reported in this trial. The most common adverse events observed in healthy volunteers in this trial were abdominal discomfort, chills, decreased appetite, diarrhea, dizziness, fatigue, gastroenteritis, headache, lymphopenia, myalgia, nausea, neutropenia, pyrexia, rhinorrhea, tonsilitis, upper abdominal pain and vomiting. In Part 2 of this trial, ten of 40 participants administered KER-047 and one of 11 participants administered placebo discontinued study drug due to adverse events. Adverse events that led to study drug discontinuation in three or more participants in the KER-047 groups included lymphopenia and chills. Lymphopenia, which we believe is consistent with KER-047 s mechanism of action, was observed after multiple doses and was reversible after discontinuation of study drug. 
 Rapid mobilization of iron stores resulted in increased reticulocyte hemoglobin content of newly-produced immature red blood cells 
 In this Phase 1 clinical trial, we observed rapid, robust and sustained dose-related increases in serum iron and transferrin saturation in the volunteers who received KER-047, which was associated with decreases in ferritin, an effect that is consistent with mobilization of iron stores. 
 
 We also observed a reduction in serum hepcidin in Cohorts 1 through 3 of Part 2 of this trial (50 mg, 100 mg and 200 mg dose groups), which we believe is consistent with KER-047 s mechanism of action. These data were not collected in Part 1 of this trial or in Cohort 4 of Part 2 of this trial (350 mg dose group). 
 Part 2 of the Trial: Hepcidin Percent Change from Baseline at Day 7, 8 Hours Post-Dose 
 
 Additionally, we observed a decrease in hepcidin as early as four hours after administration of the first dose in Cohort 5 of Part 2 of this trial (100 mg dose group). 
 We also observed an increase in reticulocyte hemoglobin in Cohorts 1 through 4 of Part 2 of this trial, starting on Day 4 of treatment. 
 Mean Reticulocyte Hemoglobin at Each Visit 
 18 

We believe the observed decrease in ferritin and hepcidin coupled with the observed increases in reticulocyte hemoglobin content are indicative of increased iron mobilization. Importantly, we believe the mobilized iron is available for incorporation into hemoglobin as evidenced by the increase in reticulocyte hemoglobin, a measure of hemoglobin content from newly-produced immature red blood cells. These erythroid precursors potentially would continue maturation into hemoglobin-rich red blood cells. 
 We also observed decreases in lymphocytes following peak increases in serum iron in this trial, which we believe is consistent with KER-047 s mechanism of action and suggestive of depletion of tissue iron. 
 We believe the data from this Phase 1 clinical trial support the potential for KER-047 to be developed as a treatment for functional iron deficiency. 
 Observed reductions in total cholesterol 
 Reductions in total cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins, or LDL, and high-density lipoproteins were observed in Part 2 of this trial. The reductions in total cholesterol and LDL were achieved rapidly with a mean reduction of greater than 20 at the highest dose, following seven days of dosing. 
 Preclinical Data 
 KER-047 was observed in preclinical studies to be a potent and highly selective ALK2 inhibitor and to change serum iron levels. Specifically, KER-047 demonstrated in these studies: 
 selectivity for ALK2 compared to other structurally-related TGF- and non-TGF- kinases; 
 increased serum iron levels in rat studies; and 
 reversal of high hepcidin levels and low hemoglobin levels in a mouse model of IRIDA. 
 KER-047 observed to be a potent and highly selective ALK2 receptor inhibitor in a biochemical assay 
 In standard biochemical kinase screenings, KER-047 exhibited low nanomolar potency for ALK2. Under the conditions of this assay, KER-047 exhibited at least an eight-fold selectivity over the other structurally-related TGF- kinases. In a 370-member 
 19 

kinase panel, only two non-TGF- kinases were inhibited less than 75 at a KER-047 concentration of 1 M. We believe these preclinical data further support the potency and selectivity of KER-047 for the ALK2 domain. 
 Highly Selective ALK2 Receptor Inhibitor 
 
 The kinase selectivity of KER-047 is shown in the dendrogram above. Compounds were screened at 1 M against a panel of over 370 kinases and disease-relevant mutants. Each branch of the dendogram represents an individual human kinase. Kinases bound by the compound are indicated by red circles on the kinome tree. The degree of binding corresponds to the size of the circle. As illustrated by the largest red circle in the above graphic, KER-047 was observed to be a potent ALK2 inhibitor and a weak inhibitor of other members of the TGF- family of receptors. 
 In cell-based assays that more directly tested the functional ability of KER-047 to suppress receptor signaling, KER-047 exhibited low nanomolar potency. In assays evaluating the effect of KER-047 on receptors with the highest structural homology to ALK2, KER-047 had at least 20-fold selectivity for ALK2, compared to ALK1 and ALK5, which have 77 and 65 homology to ALK2, respectively. 
 KER-047 inhibition of ALK2 signaling resulted in increased serum iron and transferrin saturation in multiple animal models 
 We believe that data from preclinical studies support a link between ALK2 signaling, hepcidin expression and serum iron across multiple preclinical species in both healthy and disease models. Serum iron is an indicator of whether there is adequate iron available in the body. Total iron binding capacity is the measure of the maximum amount of iron that can be bound by transferrin, an iron-binding protein, and is a surrogate measurement of serum transferrin levels. Transferrin saturation is calculated by dividing serum iron by total iron binding capacity and is an indicator of how well the body is transporting the iron in blood. Taken together, these values are an indication of the state of iron balance in the body. 
 We evaluated serum iron, total iron binding capacity and transferrin saturation in Sprague-Dawley rats that received daily, oral administration of either vehicle or doses of 1 mg/kg, 2.5 mg/kg, 5 mg/kg or 15 mg/kg of KER-047 for three months. Rats that were treated with KER-047 were observed to have a dose-dependent increase in serum iron levels and a concomitant increase in transferrin saturation, with no change in total iron binding capacity. 
 20 

Increased Serum Iron, Total Iron Binding Capacity and Transferrin Saturation in Rats 
 
 These data demonstrate that ALK2 inhibition resulted in increased serum iron and that KER-047 acts by releasing iron into blood without altering the expression or functionality of iron binding proteins. We believe that these data demonstrate that treatment with KER-047 has the potential to alter ALK2 signaling and release iron from storage tissue for transport to other tissues, including in the bone marrow. 
 Treatment with an ALK2 inhibitor closely related to KER-047 was also observed to reverse anemia in a mouse model of IRIDA. To generate this mouse model, we used an siRNA directed against TMPRSS6, the same gene that is defective in patients with IRIDA, to render the mice TMPRSS6-deficient. We confirmed that mice receiving the TMPRSS6 siRNA had a greater than 85 reduction of target gene expression relative to the control siRNA cohort. This model recapitulated the increased hepcidin levels and reduced hemoglobin that are characteristic of patients with IRIDA. Treatment of the mice receiving the TMPRSS6 siRNA with an ALK2 inhibitor normalized levels of both hepcidin gene expression and hemoglobin levels compared to the control siRNA cohort receiving vehicle treatment, which we believe indicates that ALK2 inhibition can reverse anemia resulting from iron imbalance. 
 Serum Hepcidin and Hemoglobin Levels in Mice with siRNA-induced IRIDA 
 
 The sequence of the ALK2 receptor has been highly conserved through evolution, with greater than 98 amino acid sequence homology between mice and humans. Likewise, the finding that the mouse models with changes in ALK2 signaling recapitulate human disease also provides evidence that the function of the ALK2 receptor is conserved across species. For 
 21 

example, knockdown of the TMPRSS6 gene results in a phenocopy of the disease observed in patients with IRIDA. We believe that the conservation of biology provides confidence that treatments that are efficacious in preclinical models will have similar effects in humans. 
 We further explored the results we observed in a mouse model of IRIDA by using a mouse model of anemia of inflammation via induced chronic kidney disease. Inflammatory cytokines in chronic kidney diseases results in increased hepcidin, iron imbalance and anemia, and we believe a mouse model of chronic kidney disease is predictive of the broader indication of anemia of inflammation. To generate this mouse model, mice were dosed daily for six weeks with 50 mg/kg of adenine to induce kidney damage, and subsequently developed inflammation-mediated anemia, with corresponding elevated levels of hepcidin and decreased serum iron. Thereafter, mice continued to receive either vehicle or adenine daily, but also received daily treatment of either vehicle or 5 mg/kg of an ALK2 inhibitor closely related to KER-047 for ten days. 
 At termination of the preclinical study, mice receiving adenine in combination with the ALK2 inhibitor had serum iron values 108.2 higher than the vehicle-treated mice receiving adenine and vehicle. Additionally, serum hepcidin was decreased by 85.4 over vehicle-treated mice. These data substantiate the role of ALK2 signaling in anemia arising from high hepcidin and illustrate the potential therapeutic benefit of specific ALK2 inhibition in these diseases, including anemia of inflammation. 

Our Pulmonary and Cardiovascular Franchise 
 
 KER-012 
 KER-012 is a ligand trap comprised of a modified ligand-binding domain of ActRIIB that is fused to the portion of the human antibody known as the Fc domain. KER-012 is designed to normalize blood vessel thickness and heart function by binding to and inhibiting the signaling of select TGF- ligands, including activin A, activin B and myostatin (GDF8), that stimulate smooth muscle hypertrophy and fibrosis, without a dose-limiting increase in red blood cells. We believe that KER-012 has the potential to increase the signaling of BMP pathways through this inhibition of activin A and activin B signaling, and consequently treat diseases such as PAH that are associated with reduced BMP signaling due to inactivating mutations in the BMP receptors. We are developing KER-012 for the treatment of PAH and for the treatment of cardiovascular disorders. In May 2022, we announced preliminary topline results from Part 1 of our ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial evaluating single and multiple ascending doses of KER-012 in healthy volunteers and in September 2022, we announced preliminary clinical data from the Part 2 multiple ascending dose portion of this trial. We expect to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-012 in patients with PAH in the first half of 2023 and an open-label Phase 2 biomarker clinical trial of KER-012 in the second half of 2023. 
 Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension 
 PAH is a debilitating disorder characterized by elevated pulmonary vascular resistance due to severe constriction and progressive obliteration of the pulmonary vessels. PAH results in diminished oxygenation, impaired cardiac output and symptoms stemming from overload of the right ventricle, such as shortness of breath, fatigue, fainting, chest pain, palpitations and swelling of extremities and abdomen. We estimate that there are approximately 40,000 addressable patients in the United States living with this condition. Despite current treatment options, survival with PAH remains only slightly above 50 at five years, with mortality typically resulting from right ventricle failure. 
 Loss-of-function mutations in the gene encoding the BMP type II receptor, or BMPR2, are present in over 70 of cases of heritable PAH, or HPAH, while loss-of-function mutations in certain BMPR2 co-receptors are present in other cases of HPAH and idiopathic PAH. Histology and gene expression studies from the lungs of human and experimental PAH showed diminished BMPR2 expression and BMP signaling even in the absence of loss-of-function mutations, as well as enhanced TGF- signaling. Consistent with an imbalance in the signaling of these families of ligands, it was recently found that PAH due to cirrhosis and portal hypertension is marked by a severe deficiency of circulating BMP9, while circulating TGF- , activin and growth differentiation factor, or GDF, ligands were found to be increased in PAH, even in the absence of causative mutations. Multiple experimental third-party models also demonstrated the efficacy of augmenting BMP signaling or suppressing TGF- , activin or GDF signaling, which we believe supports the notion that imbalanced homeostatic BMP and pathogenic TGF- , activin and GDF signaling drive the development and progression of pulmonary vascular disease. 
 Limitations of Current Treatment Options for PAH 
 All of the currently-approved therapies for PAH are vasodilators, which are medications that dilate blood vessels. These vasodilators fall into one of three categories: (i) prostanoids, which are agonists of the prostacyclin signaling pathway; (ii) endothelin receptor antagonists, or ERAs; or (iii) (a) phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors, or PDE5i, which are agents that enhance nitric oxide metabolism, or (b) soluble guanylate cyclase activators, which cause downstream cGMP signaling. 
 One common approach to treating early-stage or mild PAH is an oral combination therapy using ERA and PDE5i medications. More severe PAH generally requires the addition of prostanoid, via oral or inhaled administration, while advanced PAH typically requires continuous parenteral administration. Each of these individual therapies may modestly improve a patient s functional status and in some cases survival, but is limited by systemic hypotension, systemic side effects and tachyphylaxis, which is an acute, sudden decrease in response to a product after its administration. Additionally, combination therapy is 
 22 

limited by the combined side effect profiles. Although existing treatments may modestly slow the progression of PAH, none appear to halt or reverse the disease s progression. 
 While the key physiologic and pathologic features of PAH include vasoconstriction, scar tissue and vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation and inflammation, the main pharmacological effect for all currently approved therapies is believed to be vasodilation. Accordingly, we believe there is a significant unmet need for a treatment that primarily targets the proliferative pathological processes and can be used alone or in combination with other PAH therapies. We believe that potent therapies that do not exhibit tachyphylaxis, are orally bioavailable or do not require continuous infusion therapy would have advantages over the currently available treatments for PAH. 
 Therapies that arrest pulmonary vascular remodeling could have a long-term clinical stabilizing effect in PAH, or reverse vascular obliteration. We believe that KER-012 has the potential to increase the signaling of BMP pathways through the inhibition of activin A and activin B signaling, and consequently treat diseases such as PAH that are associated with reduced BMP signaling due to inactivating mutations in the BMP receptors. 
 Completed Phase 1 Clinical Trial in Healthy Volunteers 
 In September 2022, we completed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, two-part Phase 1 clinical trial to evaluate single and multiple ascending doses of KER-012 in healthy volunteers. The primary objectives of this trial were safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics. The trial design is summarized in the figure below. 
 Phase 1 Clinical Trial Design 
 
 Observed tolerability data 
 KER-012 was generally well tolerated in Part 1 of this trial at dose levels up to 5 mg/kg, the highest dose level tested, when administered as a single dose, and multiple doses of 0.75 mg/kg, 1.5 mg/kg and 4.5 mg/kg. In Part 1 of this trial, one subject withdrew consent after receiving a single 1.5 mg/kg dose of KER-012 and did not complete the safety follow-up. In Part 2 of this trial, one subject discontinued after receiving two doses of placebo due to a serious adverse event unrelated to treatment and another subject withdrew consent after receiving two 1.5 mg/kg doses of KER-012. None of the discontinuations in this trial were due to treatment-related adverse events. No serious adverse events were reported in Part 1 of this trial. Additionally, the majority of the adverse events that were observed in this trial were mild in severity and resolved. 
 Dose-dependent reductions in serum follicle-stimulating hormone observed 
 Suppression of follicle-stimulating hormone, or FSH, was observed in both Part 1 and Part 2 of this trial. FSH, which is secreted by the pituitary, is controlled through signaling by the activin receptor and Gonadotropin Releasing Hormone, or GnRH. Approximately 50 of the FSH secretion is regulated via activin signaling and the other 50 by GnRH. Accordingly, complete inhibition of activin signaling would be expected to reduce FSH by approximately 50 in postmenopausal women, who have elevated FSH levels. 
 In Part 2, maximal target engagement was observed in the 4.5 mg/kg dose cohort, with five out of six volunteers who received a 4.5 mg/kg dose of KER-012 achieving a >40 reduction in serum FSH levels from baseline. 
 23 

Part 2 of the Trial: FSH Percent Change from Baseline 
 
 The magnitude of FSH reduction in the highest doses tested suggest that KER-012 treatment maximally inhibited activin signaling. 
 Observed changes in pharmacodynamic markers were consistent with increased BMP signaling in the bone 
 We observed dose-dependent increases in serum bone specific alkaline phosphatase, or BSAP, a marker of osteoblast activity, with a maximal increase observed at the highest doses evaluated in this trial. 
 
 KER-012 is designed to inhibit activins and growth differentiation factor ligands in bone, which potentially results in reduced SMAD 2/3 signaling and increased signaling of the BMP pathway (SMAD 1/5/9). The increased BMP signaling potentially promotes bone formation through a dual mechanism of activation and recruitment of bone forming osteoblasts and repression of osteoclasts, as demonstrated in our preclinical studies. 
 In Part 2 of this trial, we observed increases in BSAP after each dose, which is supportive of activation of osteoblasts after each dose. 
 Part 2 of the Trial: BSAP Percent Change from Baseline 
 24 

Multiple doses of KER-012 did not elicit changes in erythropoiesis 
 Administration of KER-012 did not elicit clinically meaningful changes in hemoglobin or red blood cells in this trial, and no changes in red blood cells were observed after the second or third dose. 
 Observed Mean Hemoglobin Change 
 
 Observed Mean Red Blood Cell Change 
 25 

The observed lack of effect on erythropoiesis in this trial is consistent with the lack of effect observed in our multiple preclinical models. 
 Clinical Development Strategy 
 We expect to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KER-012 in patients with PAH in the first half of 2023. We also expect to commence an open-label Phase 2 biomarker clinical trial of KER-012 in the second half of 2023. 
 Preclinical Data 
 We have generated preclinical data that we believe demonstrated proof-of-mechanism of KER-012 for the treatment of PAH and for the treatment of cardiovascular disorders. Specifically, in preclinical studies, KER-012: 
 Demonstrated effects on bone, including: 
 Exhibited high affinity for, and potent inhibition of, ligands involved in the regulation of bone homeostasis; 
 Increased bone mineral density and trabecular bone volume in wild-type mice and mice with established osteoporosis; and 
 Rats receiving a rodent version of KER-012, or RKER-012, were protected from hypoxia-associated bone loss. 
 Demonstrated benefit in models of PAH and cardiovascular disease, including: 
 In a rat model of PAH, rats receiving RKER-012 were protected from the thickening of the right ventricular wall and had reductions in markers of inflammation and fibrosis; and 
 In a mouse model of pulmonary arterial banding, or PAB, RKER-012 was observed to protect against both the PAB-related cardiac dysfunction and remodeling. 
 
 KER-012 targeted ligands that signal through ActRIIA and ActRIIB in preclinical studies 
 KER-012 is a modified ActRIIB ligand trap that contains sequences from both wild-type ActRIIB and wild-type ActRIIA. In preclinical studies, KER-012 bound to and inhibited multiple ligands that signal through these cell surface receptors, including activin A, activin B and growth differentiation factor 11. These ligands are key regulators of bone remodeling that act to suppress bone growth. BMP9 is a ligand capable of signaling through the ActRIIB and bone morphogenetic receptor II. Inhibition of BMP9 results in disruption of vascular remodeling, which can lead to the development of epistaxis and telangiectasias. KER-012 did not bind BMP9 or inhibit BMP9 signaling in preclinical studies. Consequently, we believe KER-012 has the potential to avoid negative effects on vascular remodeling. 
 Treatment with KER-012 increased bone mineral density 
 In preclinical studies conducted in wild-type mice, twice weekly intraperitoneal 20 mg/kg dosing of KER-012 increased bone mineral density compared to vehicle-treated mice 31 days post-treatment. Additionally, we observed that treatment with KER-012 statistically significantly increased trabecular bone formation and mineral apposition rate, which we believe is consistent with an anabolic effect on bone. 
 Bone Mineral Density in Mice and Representative Microct Scans 
 26 

P value 
 P value 

P value 

Treatment with RKER-012 prevented cardiac dysfunction and remodeling in a mouse PAB model 
 We used mechanical restriction of the pulmonary artery in mice to increase pressure in the right ventricular of the heart. In this model, increased ventricular pressure resulted in cardiac dysfunction, as demonstrated by increased end systolic pressure-volume relationship, or ESPVR, and increased myocardial performance index, or MPI. The increased ventricular pressure also results in cardiac remodeling, as evidenced by an increase in the Fulton index, an increase in the right ventricular free wall thickness, or RVFWT, and increased fibrosis in the heart. Treatment with twice weekly subcutaneous 10 mg/kg dosing of RKER-012 was observed to protect against both the PAB-related cardiac dysfunction and remodeling, which we believe demonstrates that KER-012 has the potential to have a cardioprotective effect that could potentially provide benefit in diseases such as PAH and other cardiovascular diseases in patients. 
 ESPVR, MPI, Fulton Index, RVFWT and Cardiac Fibrosis in a Mouse PAB Model 
 29 

P value 

 Our discovery approach has built on these initial observations to generate product candidates designed to target ActRII receptors without the liabilities observed in third-party preclinical studies and clinical trials of ActRIIA-Fc and ActRIIB-Fc. 
 We nominated KER-065, a preclinical asset, out of this proprietary library of ActRII ligand traps for further investigation. KER-065 is a novel ligand trap comprised of a modified ligand-binding domain derived from ActRIIA and ActRIIB that is fused to the portion of the human antibody known as the Fc domain. KER-065 is designed to bind to and inhibit TGF- ligands, including myostatin (GDF8) and activin A, which are negative regulators of muscle mass and strength. Through inhibition of these TGF- ligands, we believe that KER-065 has the potential to induce a muscle anabolic effect. KER-065 is also designed to inhibit TGF- ligands involved in bone remodeling, fat metabolism and fibrosis. 
 We believe that we are well positioned to advance our product candidates and realize the commercial opportunities in diseases where muscle and bone loss result in a debilitating impact on survival and quality of life, if our product candidates are successfully developed and approved. Our deep knowledge and expertise of the TGF- family of proteins provides a streamlined approach to screen and develop novel product candidates for hematological, pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders. 

Manufacturing 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely for the foreseeable future, on third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, to produce our product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacture if our product candidates receive marketing approval. We require that our CMOs produce bulk drug substances and finished drug products in accordance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs, and all other applicable laws and regulations. We maintain agreements with our manufacturers that include confidentiality and intellectual property provisions to protect our proprietary rights related to our product candidates. 
 We have engaged CMOs to manufacture supply for preclinical and clinical use. Additional CMOs are used to label, package and distribute drug product for preclinical and clinical use. We obtain our supplies from these CMOs on a purchase order basis and do not have any long-term supply arrangements in place. We do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply. We have been and are continuing to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our ability to procure sufficient supplies for the development of our product candidates, and are working with our CMOs to manage this process. However, we could be unable to find alternative suppliers of acceptable quality, in the appropriate volumes and at an acceptable cost, if needed. As our development programs expand and we build new process efficiencies, we expect to continually evaluate this strategy with the objective of satisfying demand for registration trials and, if approved, the manufacture, sale and distribution of commercial products. 

Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary rights. While we believe that our product candidates, discovery programs, technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we compete in the highly competitive markets and face significant competition from many sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as academic institutions, governmental agencies and private and public research institutions. 
 We compete in the segments of the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other related industries that develop and market therapies for the treatment of hematological, pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders. There are many other companies, including large biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, that have commercialized and/or are developing therapies for the same therapeutic areas that our product candidates target. For example, FibroGen Inc. and Astellas Pharma Inc. are developing product candidates for the treatment of anemia, and Acceleron Pharma Inc. (which was acquired by Merck Co. Inc. in November 2021), or Acceleron, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and Disc Medicine are developing product candidates targeting diseases associated with MDS and myelofibrosis, including chronic anemia. Additionally, in April 2020, Acceleron received FDA approval of its product, Reblozyl, for the treatment of anemia failing an erythropoiesis stimulating agent and requiring two or more red blood cell units over eight weeks in adult patients with very low- to intermediate-risk MDS with ring sideroblasts or with myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm with ring sideroblasts and thrombocytosis. In June 2020, Acceleron further announced that the European Commission approved Reblozyl for the treatment of transfusion-dependent anemia in adult patients with MDS or beta thalassemia and in September 2020, Acceleron announced that Health Canada approved Reblozyl for the treatment of adult patients with red blood cell transfusion-dependent anemia associated with beta thalassemia. Geron Corporation is developing imetelstat as a treatment for MDS and for myelofibrosis. Sierra Oncology (which was acquired by GSK plc in July 2022) is developing momelotinib as a treatment for myelofibrosis. Additionally, Constellation Pharmaceutics, Inc. (which was acquired by MorphoSys AG in July 2021) is also developing a product candidate as a treatment for myelofibrosis, and Incyte Corporation is developing an ALK2 inhibitor product candidate for the treatment of myelofibrosis. In March 2022, CTI BioPharma Corp. received FDA accelerated approval of its product, pacritinib (Vonjo), for the treatment of adults with intermediate or high-risk primary or secondary (post-polycythemia vera or post-essential thrombocythemia) myelofibrosis with a platelet count below 50 10 9 /L. 
 31 

Other companies that are developing product candidates that are designed to target the TGF- signaling pathways include Scholar Rock Holding Corporation, Biogen Inc. and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 All of the currently-approved therapies for PAH are vasodilators, which are medications that dilate blood vessels. However, Acceleron is developing sotatercept, an activin receptor ligand trap, for the treatment of PAH. Aerovate Therapeutics, Inc. and Gossamer Bio, Inc. are also developing clinical-stage product candidates, AV-101 and seralutinib, respectively, for the treatment of PAH. 
 Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future, either alone or with their strategic collaborators, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved drugs than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies or universities and research institutions. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and enrolling patients for our clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 We could see a reduction or elimination of our commercial opportunity if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. The availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors will also significantly affect the pricing and competitiveness of our products, if approved. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 

Collaborations and License Agreement 
 2021 License Agreement with Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd. 
 In December 2021, we entered into a license agreement with Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd., or Hansoh. Under the terms of the license agreement with Hansoh, or the Hansoh Agreement, we granted to Hansoh the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize KER-050 and licensed products containing KER-050 within the territories of mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, which we refer to collectively as the Territory. 
 In connection with the Hansoh Agreement, Hansoh will purchase clinical trial supply of KER-050 from us, and the parties will also negotiate in good faith to enter into an agreement for commercial supply prior to any anticipated commercialization in the Territory. In addition, Hansoh will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize licensed products in any region in the Territory. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Hansoh Agreement, we received a net 18.0 million upfront payment in 2022. In addition to the upfront payment, we are entitled to receive up to an aggregate of (i) 26.5 million upon the achievement of specified development milestones and (ii) 144.0 million upon the achievement of specified net sales thresholds for all licensed products in the Territory. If a licensed product is approved for marketing in the Territory, we will be entitled to receive royalty payments based on a tiered percentage of annual net sales in each region within the Territory, with such percentage ranging from the low double digit to high teens, subject to specified potential royalty reductions. 
 Hansoh s obligation to pay royalties for a given licensed product in a given region in the Territory will begin on the date of the first commercial sale for such licensed product in such region and continue until the latest of (i) ten years from the date of the first commercial sale for such licensed product in such region, (ii) the expiration of the last valid claim of certain licensed patents or joint patents, and (iii) expiration of regulatory exclusivity in such region. During the royalty term, neither party will directly or indirectly commercialize a competing product in the Territory. 
 The Hansoh Agreement will continue in force on a region-by-region basis until the expiration of the royalty term. Hansoh may terminate the Hansoh Agreement in its entirety for convenience, with notice. We may terminate the Hansoh Agreement in its entirety for a patent challenge brought by Hansoh or its affiliates or their sublicensees. Either party may terminate the Hansoh Agreement in its entirety (i) if the other party materially breaches the Hansoh Agreement and fails to cure such breach or (ii) upon the bankruptcy of the other party. 
 2016 Exclusive Patent License Agreement with The General Hospital Corporation 
 In April 2016, we entered into an exclusive patent license agreement with The General Hospital Corporation, or MGH, which was subsequently amended in May 2017 and February 2018. Under the license agreement with MGH, or the MGH Agreement, we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, under certain patents and technical information of MGH, to make, have made, use, have used, sell, have sold, lease, have leased, import, have imported or otherwise transfer licensed products and processes for use in the treatment, diagnosis, palliation and prevention of diseases and disorders in humans and animals. We are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products and processes, and must achieve certain required diligence milestones. 
 32 

Under the terms of the MGH Agreement, we made an initial license payment of 100,000 and reimbursed MGH approximately 280,000 of prior patent prosecution expenses related to the licensed patents. We also issued MGH an aggregate of 358,674 shares of our common stock. Additionally, we are required to pay a low-five digit to mid-five digit annual maintenance fee prior to the first commercial sale of our first product or process, a mid-five digit annual maintenance fee after the first commercial sale of our first product or process that is creditable against royalties, certain clinical and regulatory milestone payments for the first three products or indications to achieve such milestones, which milestone payments are 8.6 million in the aggregate, and certain commercial milestone payments for the first three products or indications to achieve such milestones, which milestone payments are 18.0 million in the aggregate. We made payments of 50,000 and 300,000 in 2020 and 2021, respectively, for the achievement of the clinical and regulatory milestones of (i) filing of an IND in the first country and (ii) the completion of a Phase 1 clinical trial, respectively. We are also obligated to pay tiered royalties on net sales of licensed products ranging in the low-single digits to mid-single digits. The royalty rates are subject to up to a maximum 50 reduction for lack of a valid claim, in the event that it is necessary for us to obtain a license to any third-party intellectual property related to the licensed products, and generic competition. The obligation to pay royalties under the MGH Agreement expires on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis upon the later of expiry of the last valid claim of the licensed patents that cover such licensed product in such country and ten years from the first commercial sale of such product in such country. We are also obligated to pay a percentage of non-royalty related payments received by us from sublicensees ranging in the sub-teen double digits and a change of control fee equal to a low-single digit percentage of the payments received as part of any completed transaction up to a low-seven digit amount. 
 The MGH Agreement expires upon expiry of the last remaining royalty obligation for a licensed product or process. Under the MGH Agreement, MGH may terminate the agreement upon our uncured material breach or insolvency, a challenge by us of the licensed patents and certain other specified breaches of the MGH Agreement. We may terminate the agreement for any reason upon specified prior written notice to MGH. 

Intellectual Property 
 Overview 
 We strive to protect the proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that we believe are commercially important to our business, including obtaining, maintaining, enforcing and defending our intellectual property rights, including patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. We rely, in part, on trade secrets and know-how relating to our proprietary technology and drug candidates and continuing innovation to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position. We also plan to rely, in part, on data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions if and when available. Our commercial success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection for our technology, inventions and improvements; to preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets; to defend and enforce our proprietary rights, including any patents that we own or may obtain in the future; and to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. Intellectual property rights may not address all potential threats to our competitive advantage 
 As of February 28, 2023, our patent portfolio consisted of nine issued U.S. patents, 27 pending U.S. patent applications, eight issued ex-U.S. patents and 88 pending ex-U.S. applications, with expected expiry dates not earlier than between March 13, 2029 and November 10, 2043. Of these, nine issued patents and 81 patent applications relate to KER-050, KER-047 and KER-012, and eight issued patents and 34 patent applications relate to other technologies, in each case as described in more detail below. Each of our pending international patent applications has been filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty and has not yet entered any national jurisdictions. Our policy is to file patent applications to protect technology, inventions and improvements to inventions that may be commercially important to the development of our business. 
 We seek U.S. and international patent protection for a variety of technologies, and own patent applications with claims directed to ActRIIA ligand traps, ActRIIB ligand traps, ActRII chimera ligand traps, GDNF fusion polypeptides, ALK2 antibodies, crystal forms of an ALK2 inhibitor, and uses thereof. We also intend to seek patent protection or rely upon trade secret rights to protect other technologies that may be used to discover and validate targets, and that may be used to manufacture and develop novel products. We are a party to license agreements that give us rights to use specific technologies in our product candidates and in manufacturing our product candidates. 
 Patent applications directed to our most advanced programs are summarized below. 
 KER-050 
 KER-050 is a modified ActRIIA ligand trap that is designed to bind to different TGF- ligands that signal through a TGF- signaling pathway. We own three issued U.S. patents, three issued ex-U.S. patents, 11 pending U.S. patent applications and 39 pending ex-U.S. applications that contain claims or supporting disclosure directed to ActRIIA ligand traps and use thereof to treat muscle disease, bone disease, metabolic disease, anemia, fibrosis, pulmonary hypertension, thrombocytopenia, and neutropenia, among others. Any patents issuing from these applications will have expiration dates between November 9, 2037 and August 19, 2042, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 33 

KER-047 
 KER-047 is an orally available small molecule ALK2 inhibitor designed to potently and selectively inhibit ALK2 signaling. We own six pending U.S. patent applications and seven pending ex-U.S. applications that contain claims or supporting disclosure directed to crystal forms of an ALK2 inhibitor and uses of small molecule ALK2 inhibitors. Any patents issuing from these applications will have expiration dates between October 25, 2039 and November 2, 2042, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 We have exclusively licensed from The General Hospital Corporation rights in one patent family related to novel ALK2 inhibitors. Patents in this family are expected to expire on April 26, 2038, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 KER-012 
 KER-012 is a modified ActRIIB ligand trap that is designed to bind to different TGF- ligands that signal through a TGF- signaling pathway. We own ten pending U.S. patent applications and 12 pending ex-U.S. applications that contain claims or supporting disclosure directed to ActRIIB ligand traps and use thereof to treat muscle disease, bone disease, anemia, fibrosis, pulmonary hypertension, metabolic disease, thrombocytopenia, and neutropenia, among others. Any patents issuing from these applications will have expiration dates between January 11, 2039 and September 9, 2043, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 Other 
 We plan to seek United States and international patent protection for a variety of additional technologies. We own 16 pending U.S. patent applications and 28 pending ex-U.S. applications that contain claims or supporting disclosure directed to GDNF fusion polypeptides, ALK2 antibodies, and ActRII chimera ligand traps. Any patents issuing from these applications will have expiration dates between November 9, 2037 and November 10, 2043, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. 
 Intellectual Property Protection 
 Individual patents extend for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent application or the date of patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, patents issued for regularly filed applications in the United States are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest effective non-provisional filing date. In addition, in certain instances, a patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, delay in issuing the patent as well as a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period. However, as to the FDA component, the restoration period cannot be longer than five years and the total patent term including the restoration period must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. The duration of patents outside of the United States varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product by product basis, from country to country and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 
 Furthermore, we rely upon trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality agreements with our collaborators, employees and consultants and invention assignment agreements with our employees. We also have confidentiality agreements or invention assignment agreements with our collaborators and consultants. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with a third party. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, or our product candidates or processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights that we may require to develop or commercialize our future product candidates may have an adverse impact on us. If third parties have prepared and filed patent applications prior to March 16, 2013 in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference proceedings in the USPTO, to determine priority of invention. For more information, please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property. 

Government Regulation 
 The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring and post-approval reporting of drug and biological products such as those we are developing. 
 34 

Our product candidates are subject to regulation under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the Public Health Service Act, and other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. 
 U.S. Drug and Biological Product Regulation 
 Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA through either a New Drug Application, or NDA, or a Biologics License Application, or BLA. The process required by the FDA before biopharmaceutical product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with applicable regulations, including the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, requirements; 
 submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug, or IND, application which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 
 approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial may be initiated; 
 performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational drug product for each proposed indication and to establish the safety, purity and potency of the investigational biologic product candidate for each proposed indication; 
 preparation of and submission to the FDA of an NDA for a small molecule product candidate or a BLA for a biologic after completion of all pivotal clinical trials; 
 payment of user fees for FDA review of the NDA or BLA; 
 a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of the NDA or BLA to file the application for review; 
 satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product will be produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product s continued identity, strength, quality and purity; 
 potential FDA audit of the preclinical study and/or clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA or BLA; 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 
 FDA review and approval of an NDA or licensure of a BLA, including consideration of the views of any FDA Advisory Committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the product for particular indications for use in the United States; and 
 compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies. 
 Preclinical and Clinical Development 
 Before testing any drug or biologic candidate in humans in the United States, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess safety and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal and state regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. 
 Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a product candidate, we must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to humans. The IND submission contains the general investigational plan and the protocol or protocols for preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as results of in vitro and animal studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product, chemistry, manufacturing and controls information, and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day period, raises safety concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. These investigators are generally physicians who are not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used in monitoring subject safety and assessing efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the existing IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also 
 35 

approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative, and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials and clinical study results to public registries. 
 A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of an NDA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND if the trial was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection, if deemed necessary, and the practice of medicine in the foreign country is consistent with the United States. 
 Human clinical trials in the United States are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 
 Phase 2 clinical trials involve studies in a limited population of disease-affected patients to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. 
 Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites and are designed to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 
 When these phases overlap or are combined, the trials may be referred to as Phase 1/2 or Phase 2/3. A Phase 1/2 clinical trial is a human trial that investigates both safety and preliminary efficacy of an investigational therapy. A Phase 2/3 clinical trial is a human trial that investigates both preliminary and confirmatory efficacy and safety to potentially support submission of a marketing application with the applicable regulatory authorities. 
 In some cases, the FDA may require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies, are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and are commonly intended to generate additional safety data regarding use of the product in a clinical setting. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition to FDA approval of an NDA or BLA. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product candidate, and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product, or for biologics, the safety, purity and potency. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, and clinical study investigators. The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend a clinical study at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical study at its institution if the clinical study is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biological product candidate has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. FDA requires diversity plans to ensure that clinical trials aim to include broad racial and ethnic exposure data. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including biologics, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information, which is publicly available at www.clinicaltrials.gov. 
 FDA Review Process 
 Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA. The NDA or BLA is a request for approval to market the drug or biologic for one or more specified indications and must contain proof of safety and efficacy for a drug or safety, purity and potency for a biologic. The application must include all relevant data 
 36 

available from pertinent preclinical studies and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product s use or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product to the satisfaction of FDA. 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, as amended, each submission of an NDA or BLA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on NDAs or BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product application also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 The FDA reviews all submitted NDAs and BLAs before it accepts them for filing, and may request additional information rather than accepting the NDA or BLA for filing. The FDA must make a decision on accepting an NDA or BLA for filing within sixty days of receipt. Such decision could include either issue a refusal to file letter or acceptance of the NDA or BLA for filing, indicating that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. 
 Once an NDA or BLA has been accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA or BLA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA aims to review standard applications within ten months from the filing date, during which it will complete its initial review of a new molecular entity NDA or original BLA and respond to the applicant, or within six months from the filing date of a new molecular entity NDA or original BLA designated for priority review. In both standard and priority reviews, the FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates, and the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews the application to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective, or for a biologic, safe, pure and potent for its intended use, and whether the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure and preserve the product s identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity. 
 The FDA generally accepts data from foreign clinical trials in support of an NDA or BLA if the trials were conducted under an IND, and the IND requirements, unless waived, were met. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the FDA nevertheless may accept the data in support of an NDA or BLA if the trial was conducted in accordance with GCPs and the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection, if deemed necessary. Although the FDA generally requests that marketing applications be supported by some data from domestic clinical studies, the FDA may accept foreign data as the sole basis for marketing approval if (1) the foreign data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice, (2) the trials were performed by clinical investigators with recognized competence, and (3) the data may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection or, if the FDA considers the inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. 
 Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply with cGMP requirements. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The FDA also may audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel products or products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions, if any. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of the advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making decisions on approval. Additionally, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCPs. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 After the FDA evaluates an NDA or BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be manufactured, the FDA will issue an approval letter or a Complete Response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the NDA or BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the Complete Response letter without first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the Complete Response letter, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the application in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification, which may include the potential requirement for additional clinical studies, including the potential requirement to conduct additional clinical trial(s) and/or to complete other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, or to conduct additional preclinical studies or manufacturing activities. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies 
 37 

identified in the letter, or withdraw the application or request an opportunity for a hearing. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process. 
 If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA or BLA, to market the same product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan drug exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the application fee. 
 A designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Following approval of a new product, the manufacturer and the approved product are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to monitoring and record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, compliance with advertising and promotion requirements, which include restrictions on promoting the product for unapproved uses or patient populations, known as off-label use, and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Further, after approval, if there are any changes or modifications to the approved product, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA review and approval of a new NDA/BLA or NDA/BLA supplement, which may require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, to assure the safe use of the product. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA or BLA must submit a proposed REMS. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA will not approve the NDA or BLA without an approved REMS, if required. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following initial marketing. 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 
 fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 
 38 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of existing product approvals; 
 product seizure or detention, or refusal of the FDA to permit the import or export of products; 
 consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 
 mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 
 the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of drugs and biologics. Drugs and biologics may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. However, companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with a product s FDA approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 Biosimilars and Exclusivity 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the ACA, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCI Act, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product. To date, only a handful of biosimilars have been licensed under the BPCIA, although numerous biosimilars have been approved in Europe. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. 
 Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered multiple times, the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. However, complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structure of biological products, as well as the process by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation that are still being worked out by the FDA. 
 Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 
 A biological product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study. 
 Foreign Regulation 
 In order to market any product outside of the United States, we would need to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety, and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of our products, if approved. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we would need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in foreign countries and jurisdictions. 
 Other Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 Pharmaceutical companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business. Such laws include, without limitation: the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the civil False Claims Act, U.S. federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and similar foreign, federal and state fraud and abuse, transparency and privacy laws. 
 39 

The U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase or recommendation of an item or service for which payment may be made under any federal healthcare program. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value, including stock options. The U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and others on the other hand. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, but they are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration, such as consulting agreements, that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. 
 Civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which can be enforced through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalty laws prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to the federal government, including federal healthcare programs, that are false or fraudulent. For example, the civil False Claims Act prohibits any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government. Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. 
 HIPAA created additional federal civil and criminal liability for, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, and making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, impose certain requirements on HIPAA covered entities, which include certain healthcare providers, healthcare clearing houses and health plans, and individuals and entities that provide services on their behalf that involve individually identifiable health information, known as business associates, as well as their covered subcontractors, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. 
 The U.S. federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to certain payments and other transfers of value made in the prior year to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by such physicians and their immediate family members. 
 We are also subject to additional similar U.S. state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, or that apply regardless of payor, state laws which require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, state and local laws which require pharmaceutical companies to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, state laws which require the reporting of information related to drug pricing, state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives, and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information which, in some cases, differ from each other in significant ways, and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, disgorgement, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any pharmaceutical or biological product for which we obtain regulatory approval. Sales of any product, if approved, depend, in part, on the extent to which such product 
 40 

will be covered by third-party payors, such as federal, state, and foreign government healthcare programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations, and the level of reimbursement, if any, for such product by third-party payors. No uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. Decisions regarding whether to cover any of our product candidates, if approved, the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan basis Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 For products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, separate reimbursement for the product itself or the treatment or procedure in which the product is used may not be available, which may impact physician utilization. In addition, companion diagnostic tests require coverage and reimbursement separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement for their companion pharmaceutical or biological products. Similar challenges to obtaining coverage and reimbursement, applicable to pharmaceutical or biological products, will apply to companion diagnostics. 
 In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost effectiveness of pharmaceutical or biological products, medical devices and medical services, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit sales of any product that receives approval. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third party not to cover a product could reduce physician usage and patient demand for the product. No regulatory authority has granted approval for a personalized cancer immunotherapy based on a vaccine approach, and there is no model for reimbursement of this type of product. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of reform proposals to change the healthcare system. There is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by federal and state legislative initiatives, including those designed to limit the pricing, coverage, and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products, especially under government-funded healthcare programs, and increased governmental control of drug pricing. 
 The ACA, which was enacted in March 2010, substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers in the United States, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. The ACA contains a number of provisions of particular import to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, including, but not limited to, those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal healthcare programs. Since its enactment, there have been judicial, Congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, Congress considered legislation to repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the ACA. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, it has enacted laws that modify certain provisions of the ACA such as removing penalties, which started on January 1, 2019, for not complying with the ACA s individual mandate to carry health insurance. On June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021 and remained open through August 15, 2021. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how any such challenges and additional healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted, including aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year and reduced payments to several types of Medicare providers. These reductions went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the 
 41 

Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will remain in effect through 2031, unless additional action is taken by Congress. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Another sequester, the PAYGO Sequester, effective with the passage of the American Rescue Plan, will add another 4 reduction in Medicare spending in 2023, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In addition, Congress is considering additional health reform measures as part of the other reform measures. 
 Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. At the federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare, and subject drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price for such drugs and biologics under the law, and (ii) imposes rebates with respect to certain drugs and biologics covered under Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 Additional Regulation 
 In addition to the foregoing, state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern the use, handling and disposal of various biologic, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and governmental fines. Equivalent laws have been adopted in other countries that impose similar obligations. 
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits U.S. corporations and individuals from engaging in certain activities to obtain or retain business abroad or to influence a person working in an official capacity. It is illegal to pay, offer to pay or authorize the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Equivalent laws have been adopted in other foreign countries that impose similar obligations. 

Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 105 full-time employees, including 22 who hold Ph.D. or M.D. degrees. Of these full-time employees, 83 employees are engaged in research and development and 22 employees are engaged in management or general and administrative activities. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a trade or labor union. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 At Keros, diversity means making a conscious effort to reflect the many experiences and identities of the world outside, while treating each other with fairness and without bias. Inclusion is the choice we make every day to foster an environment where people of all backgrounds not only belong but excel, so that together, as a company, we can succeed. Keros strives to foster an inclusive community, both inside and out of the office. 
 Retention, Training and Development 
 42 

The development, attraction and retention of our employees is a critical success factor for Keros. We cultivate a culture of learning and offer formal and informal training and development opportunities for employees at all levels. We actively promote from within and continue to fill our team with strong and experienced management talent. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 An important part of attracting and retaining key talent is competitive pay and benefits. To ensure our compensation and benefits programs are competitive, we engage a nationally recognized outside compensation and benefits consulting firm to independently evaluate the effectiveness of our programs and to provide benchmarking against our peers within the industry. Our pay for performance philosophy seeks to motivate and reward employees while accomplishing our short and long-term strategic goals. As part of our performance management process, employees are evaluated both on what they accomplished and on their experience managing and mentoring other employees. Annual salary increases and incentive bonuses are based on merit and include individual and corporate performance factors. 
 To encourage our employees to think like owners and share in the Company s success, all employees are granted stock options. All employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves including paid parental leave, retirement plans with an employer contribution match, life and disability/accident coverage and access to convenient COVID-19 testing. Additionally, to further assist our employees, we also offer all full-time employees the option to participate in our education assistance program, where we reimburse employees for a portion of tuition fees and eligible expenses. 
 Conduct and Ethics 
 At Keros, we are committed to fostering a culture of integrity and ensuring each of our employees is equipped with resources to help them do the right thing. We believe it is imperative that the board of directors and senior management strongly support a no-tolerance stance for workplace harassment, biases and unethical behavior. All employees are required to abide by, review and confirm compliance to the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading policies upon hire and on an annual basis thereafter. 

Corporate Information 
 We were originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware under the name Keros Therapeutics, Inc. in December 2015. Our principal executive office is located at 1050 Waltham Street, Suite 302, Lexington, Massachusetts 02421. Our telephone number is (617) 314-6297. We completed our initial public offering in April 2020 and our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol KROS. 

Available Information 
 Our website address is www.kerostx.com and our investor relations website address is https://ir.kerostx.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov. 
 Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines and board committee charters, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Corporate Governance." The contents of our websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 
 SUMMARY OF SELECTED RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS 
 Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Some of the more significant risks include the following: 
 We have a limited operating history, have incurred net losses in every year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the future. 
 43 

We will need substantial additional funding in order to complete the development and commence commercialization of our product candidates. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, reduce or eliminate certain of our product development or research operations. 
 We are heavily dependent on the success of our product candidates, which are in clinical development. If we are unable to advance our current or future product candidates through clinical trials, obtain marketing approval and ultimately commercialize any product candidates we develop, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 All of our product candidates are in preclinical or clinical development stages. Clinical trials are difficult to design and implement, and they involve a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes. We may experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 or any future product candidates. 
 If we are unable to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we receive regulatory approval, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties, including independent clinical investigators, contracted laboratories and contract research organizations, to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We rely on third parties to supply and manufacture our product candidates, and we expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture our products, if approved. The development of such product candidates and the commercialization of any products, if approved, could be stopped, delayed or made less profitable if any such third party fails to provide us with sufficient quantities of product candidates or products or fails to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices or fails to maintain or achieve satisfactory regulatory compliance. 
 Our future collaborations will be important to our business. If we are unable to enter into new collaborations, or if these collaborations are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely impact our business, including the timing or results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 We have a limited operating history, have incurred net losses in every year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the future. 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. Since our inception in 2015, we have invested most of our resources in developing our product candidates, building our intellectual property portfolio, developing our supply chain, conducting business planning, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. Consequently, we have no meaningful operations upon which to evaluate our business and predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing drug products. Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We have not yet demonstrated the ability to progress any product candidate through late-stage clinical trials, we have no products approved for commercial sale and we have not generated any revenue from product sales to date. We continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in each period since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported a net loss of 104.7 million and 58.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 228.4 million. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our research and development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our lead protein therapeutic product candidate, KER-050, our lead small molecule product candidate, KER-047, our third product candidate, KER-012, and any future product candidates we may develop. 
 44 

We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 progress and complete our two ongoing Phase 2 clinical trials of KER-050, one evaluating the treatment of cytopenias, including anemia and thrombocytopenia, in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome, or MDS, and one evaluating the treatment of cytopenias, including anemia and thrombocytopenia, in patients with myelofibrosis; 
 progress our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-047 in patients with iron-refractory iron deficiency anemia, or IRIDA; 
 commence an open-label Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-047 in MDS and myelofibrosis patients with functional iron deficiency in the first half of 2023; 
 commence a Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-012 in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension, or PAH; 
 continue the research and development of our other clinical- and preclinical-stage product candidates and discovery-stage programs; 
 increase the amount of research and development activities to identify and develop product candidates using our proprietary discovery approach; 
 make milestone, royalty or other payments under in-license or collaboration agreements; 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
 expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts and our operations as a public company; 
 establish a sales, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on our own or jointly with third parties; 
 invest in or in-license other technologies; and 
 experience any delays or encounter any issues with any of the above, including but not limited to failed studies, complex results, manufacturing challenges, safety issues or other regulatory challenges. 
 To become and remain profitable, we, our collaborators and any potential future collaborators must develop and eventually commercialize products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining marketing approval for product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling products for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenue that is significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 Even if we succeed in commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional product candidates. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 
 We will need substantial additional funding in order to complete the development and commence commercialization of our product candidates. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, reduce or eliminate certain of our product development or research operations. 
 To date, we have funded our operations primarily through private placements of our equity securities, upfront and expense reimbursement payments received from our collaborators, from our initial public offering, or IPO, in April 2020, from our public offering of common stock in November 2020 and from our at the market offering, in connection with our Sales Agreement with SVB Securities LLC (formerly SVB Leerink LLC), as agent, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 400.0 million through SVB Securities LLC, or the ATM Offering. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we progress and complete our two Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-050, one in patients with MDS and one in patients with myelofibrosis, progress our Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-047 in patients with IRIDA, initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-047 in MDS and myelofibrosis patients with functional iron deficiency, initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-012 in patients with PAH, and continue to research, develop and initiate clinical trials of any other future product candidates. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or any future commercialization efforts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 279.0 million in cash and cash equivalents. We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, together with the net proceeds from the ATM Offering through February 28, 2023, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the third quarter of 2025. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently 
 45 

expect. Our future capital requirements for KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 or our other preclinical programs will depend on many factors, including: 
 the progress, timing and completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current or any future product candidates, as well as the associated costs, including any unforeseen costs we may incur as a result of preclinical study or clinical trial delays due to public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other causes; 
 the timing and amount of milestone and royalty payments we are required to make or are eligible to receive under our license agreements with each of The General Hospital Corporation and Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd., or Hansoh; 
 the number of potential new product candidates we identify and decide to develop; 
 the need for additional or expanded preclinical studies and clinical trials beyond those that we plan to conduct with respect to our current and future product candidates; 
 the costs involved in growing our organization to the size needed to allow for the research, development and potential commercialization of our current or any future product candidates; 
 the costs involved in filing patent applications, maintaining and enforcing patents or defending against infringement or other claims raised by third parties; 
 the maintenance of our existing license and collaboration agreements and the entry into new license and collaboration agreements; 
 the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates and any delays we may encounter as a result of evolving regulatory requirements or adverse results with respect to any of our product candidates; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 the cost of manufacturing KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and future product candidates for clinical trials in preparation for marketing approval and in preparation for commercialization; 
 the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval in regions where we choose to commercialize our products, if approved, on our own; 
 the amount of revenues, if any, we may derive either directly or in the form of royalty payments from future sales of our product candidates, if approved; and 
 market acceptance of any approved product candidates. 
 We do not have any committed external source of funds or other support for our development efforts and we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Until we can generate sufficient product or royalty revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we expect to finance our future cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing or distribution arrangements. 
 Our ability to raise additional funds will depend on financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, over which we may have no or limited control. Disruptions in the financial markets in general, and more recently due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts and economic instability, may make equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain, and may have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our fundraising needs. We cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain additional funding, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs and clinical development efforts, which would adversely affect our business prospects, or we may be unable to continue operations. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to holders of our common stock, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our operations with our existing cash and cash equivalents and revenue from our collaborations. In order to further advance development of our product candidates, discover additional product candidates and pursue our other business objectives, we will need to seek additional funds. 
 We cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of holders of our common stock and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. The sale of additional common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock would dilute all of our existing stockholders and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a holder of our common stock. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased fixed payment obligations and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt or declare dividends, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional capital through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish certain valuable rights to our product candidates, technologies, future revenue streams or research programs or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. We also could be required to seek collaborators for KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 or any future product candidate at an earlier stage than otherwise would be 
 46 

desirable or relinquish our rights to product candidates or technologies that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. Further, any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from its day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
 If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or one or more of our other research and development initiatives. Any of the above events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Risks Related to the Discovery, Development and Regulatory Approval of our Product Candidates 
 We are heavily dependent on the success of our product candidates, which are in clinical development. If we are unable to advance our current or future product candidates through clinical trials, obtain marketing approval and ultimately commercialize any product candidates we develop, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates in humans. We are early in our product candidate development efforts, as KER-050, KER-047 and KER-012 are still in early-stage clinical trials. If any of KER-050, KER-047 or KER-012 encounters safety or efficacy problems, development delays or regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and business would be significantly harmed. 
 Our ability to generate product revenues, which we do not expect will occur for several years, if ever, will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any future product candidates we develop, which may never occur. KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any future product candidates we develop will require additional preclinical and clinical development, management of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, marketing approval in the United States and other jurisdictions for specific indications for use, demonstrating effectiveness to pricing and reimbursement authorities, obtaining sufficient manufacturing supply for both clinical development and commercial production, building of a commercial organization and substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenues from product sales. The success of our current and future product candidates will depend on several factors, including the following: 
 successful and timely completion of clinical trials and preclinical studies for which the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or any comparable foreign regulatory authority agree with the design, endpoints or implementation; 
 sufficiency of our financial and other resources to complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 receiving regulatory approvals or authorizations for conducting our planned clinical trials or future clinical trials; 
 initiation and successful patient enrollment in, and completion of, additional clinical trials on a timely basis; 
 our ability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority that the applicable product candidate is safe and effective as a treatment for our targeted indications or, in the case of an applicable product candidate which is regulated as a biological product, that the applicable product candidate is safe, pure, and potent for our targeted indications; 
 our ability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority that the applicable product candidate s risk-benefit ratio for its proposed indication is acceptable; 
 timely receipt of marketing approvals for our product candidates from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 the extent of any required post-marketing approval commitments to applicable regulatory authorities; 
 establishing and scaling up, either alone or with third-party manufacturers, manufacturing capabilities of clinical supply for our clinical trials and commercial manufacturing, if any of our product candidates are approved; 
 obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates, both in the United States and internationally; 
 successfully scaling a sales and marketing organization and launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if approved; 
 acceptance of our product candidates benefits and uses, if approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 
 maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of our product candidates following approval; 
 effectively competing with companies developing and commercializing other therapies in the indications which our product candidates target; 
 obtaining and maintaining healthcare coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; and 
 enforcing and defending intellectual property rights and claims. 
 If we are not successful with respect to one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 or any future product candidates we develop, which would materially harm our business. If we do not receive marketing approvals for our current and future product candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. 
 47 

All of our product candidates are in preclinical or clinical development stages. Clinical trials are difficult to design and implement, and they involve a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain outcomes. We may experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 or any future product candidates. 
 Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process and our future clinical trial results may not be successful. We cannot guarantee that any of our ongoing and planned clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. Moreover, even if these trials are initiated or conducted on a timely basis, issues may arise that could result in the suspension or termination of such clinical trials. 
 To date, we have not completed any clinical trials required for the approval of any of our product candidates. Although we have completed our Phase 1 clinical trial of KER-050, our Phase 1 clinical trial of KER-047 and our Phase 1 clinical trial of KER-012, each in healthy volunteers, we may experience delays in our ongoing clinical trials or preclinical studies and we do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll patients on time, have sufficient drug supply for our product candidates on a timely basis or be completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing, and our ongoing and future clinical trials may not be successful. We also may experience numerous unforeseen events during our clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 or any future product candidates, including: 
 delays in or failure to obtain regulatory authorizations to commence a trial; 
 delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies as to the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
 delays in or failure to reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 
 delays in or failure to obtain institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee approval at each site; 
 delays in or failure to recruit a sufficient number of suitable patients to participate in a trial; 
 failure to have patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up, including disruptions in our ability to treat patients or conduct post-treatment follow-up due to public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 clinical sites deviating from trial protocol, missing data or dropping out of a trial; 
 delays in adding new clinical trial sites; 
 failure to manufacture sufficient quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials in a timely manner; 
 occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits, or safety or tolerability concerns that could cause us or our collaborators, as applicable, to suspend or terminate a trial if we or our collaborators find that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 
 failure to perform clinical trials in accordance with the FDA s or any other regulatory authority s good clinical practices, or GCP, requirements, or regulatory guidelines in other countries; 
 changes in regulatory requirements, policies and guidelines; 
 failure of our third-party research contractors to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 
 delays in establishing the appropriate dosage levels and frequency of dosing in clinical trials; 
 the quality or stability of our product candidates falling below acceptable standards; and 
 business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war, such as the current Russia-Ukraine war, and terrorism or the perception that such hostilities may be imminent, another outbreak of a contagious disease, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires. 
 In addition, disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted in difficulties and delays in initiating, enrolling, conducting or completing our planned and ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials, as applicable, and public health crises may increase the likelihood that we encounter additional difficulties and delays in the future. We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or recommended for suspension or termination by the Safety Review Committee for such trial. A suspension or termination may be imposed due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product or treatment, failure to establish or achieve clinically meaningful trial endpoints, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our clinical trial design and our interpretation of data from clinical trials, or may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. 
 Our product development costs will increase if we experience delays in clinical testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to 
 48 

commercialize our product candidates and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, potentially impairing our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and harming our business and results of operations. Any delays in our clinical development programs may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations significantly. 
 Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy or safety, purity and potency of our product candidates or any future product candidates, which would prevent or delay or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to market and sell any of our product candidates, including KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any other future product candidates, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our investigational drug products, such as KER-047, are safe and effective for use in each targeted indication, and in the case of our product candidates regulated as biological products, such as KER-050 and KER-012, that the product candidate is safe, pure and potent for use in its targeted indication. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical development process. Most product candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. We may be unable to establish clinical endpoints that applicable regulatory authorities would consider clinically meaningful, and a clinical trial can fail at any stage of testing. Further, the process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved, as well as the target indications, patient population and regulatory agency. Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any future product candidates in the United States or abroad, we, our collaborators or our potential future collaborators must demonstrate with substantial evidence from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that such product candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses. 
 Clinical trials that we conduct may not demonstrate the efficacy and safety necessary to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. If the results of our ongoing or future clinical trials are inconclusive with respect to the efficacy of our product candidates, if we do not meet the clinical endpoints with statistical and clinically meaningful significance, or if there are safety concerns associated with our product candidates, we may be delayed in obtaining marketing approval, if at all. Additionally, any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials in our targeted indications could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of our product candidates in those and other indications. 
 Even if the trials are successfully completed, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and we cannot guarantee that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. We cannot guarantee that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will view our product candidates as having efficacy even if positive results are observed in clinical trials. Moreover, results acceptable to support approval in one jurisdiction may be deemed inadequate by another regulatory authority to support regulatory approval in that other jurisdiction. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, approval of KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any future product candidates may be significantly delayed, or we may be required to expend significant additional resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. Even if regulatory approval is secured for a product candidate, the terms of such approval may limit the scope and use of the specific product candidate, which may also limit its commercial potential. 
 The results of preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Initial success in our ongoing clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when these trials are completed or in later-stage trials. 
 The results of nonclinical and preclinical studies and clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any of our clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further clinical development of any of our product candidates. There is a high failure rate for product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. Many companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway, or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA approval. Any such setbacks in our clinical development could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, some of the clinical trials we conduct may include open-label trials conducted at a limited number of clinical sites on a limited number of patients. For example, our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trials for KER-050, one in patients with MDS and 
 49 

one in patients with myelofibrosis, and our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial for KER-047 in patients with IRIDA are open-label trials. An open-label clinical trial is one where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or either an existing approved product or placebo. Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only the investigational product candidate and sometimes may do so at different dose levels. For example, in our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial for KER-050 in patients with MDS, the dose levels for Cohorts 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 of Part 1 of the trial were 0.75 mg/kg, 1.5 mg/kg, 2.5 mg/kg, 3.75 mg/kg and 5.0 mg/kg, respectively. 
 Open-label clinical trials are also subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect as patients in open-label clinical trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. Open-label clinical trials may be subject to a patient bias where patients perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment. Moreover, patients selected for early-stage clinical trials often include the most severe sufferers and their symptoms may have been bound to improve notwithstanding the new treatment. In addition, open-label clinical trials may be subject to an investigator bias where those assessing and reviewing the physiological outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. Given that open-label Phase 2 clinical trials are ongoing for KER-050, both ongoing and planned for KER-047 and planned for KER-012, the results from these clinical trials may not be predictive of future clinical trial results with these or other product candidates for which we include an open-label clinical trial when studied in a controlled environment with a placebo or active control. 
 Our product candidates may be associated with serious adverse, undesirable or unacceptable side effects or other properties or safety risks, which may delay or halt their clinical development, or prevent marketing approval. If such side effects are identified during the development of our product candidates or following approval we may suspend or abandon our development of such product candidates, the commercial profile of any approved label may be limited, or we may be subject to other significant negative consequences following marketing approval. 
 Undesirable side effects that may be caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. While KER-050, KER-047 and KER-012, have generally been well tolerated in our preclinical studies and clinical trials to date, the results from future preclinical studies and clinical trials, including of our other product candidates, may identify safety concerns or other undesirable properties of our product candidates. 
 The results of our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trials of KER-050, our ongoing and planned Phase 2 clinical trials of KER-047, our planned Phase 2 clinical trial of KER-012 and future clinical trials of these and other product candidates may show that our product candidates cause undesirable or unacceptable side effects or even death. In such an event, our trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. The drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations significantly. 
 Moreover, if our product candidates are associated with undesirable side effects in preclinical studies or clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may elect to abandon their development or limit their development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective, which may limit the commercial expectations for the product candidate, if approved. 
 Additionally, adverse developments in clinical trials of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products conducted by others may cause the FDA or other regulatory oversight bodies to suspend or terminate our clinical trials or to change the requirements for approval of any of our product candidates. 
 In addition, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval and we or others later identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals of such product and require us to take our approved product off the market; 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, a contraindication or field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 
 regulatory authorities may require a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, or that we implement a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, plan to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh its risks; 
 we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials, which may lead to additional interactions with regulatory authorities; 
 we may be required to change the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the product; 
 we may be subject to limitations on how we may promote the product; 
 sales of the product may decrease significantly; 
 50 

we may be subject to litigation or product liability claims; and 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 Any of these events could prevent us, our collaborators or our potential future partners from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product or could substantially increase commercialization costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenue from the sale of our product candidates, if approved. 
 We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials, which could delay or prevent us from proceeding with, or otherwise adversely affect, clinical trials of our product candidates. 
 Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timely completion of our clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to recruit a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate and remain in the trial until its conclusion. Patients may be unwilling to participate in our clinical trials because of negative publicity from adverse events related to novel therapeutic approaches, competitive clinical trials for similar patient populations, the existence of current treatments or for other reasons, including the public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any delays related to patient enrollment or difficulties related to patient retention could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product candidates, delays in testing the effectiveness of our product candidates or termination of the clinical trials altogether. We may not be able to identify, recruit and enroll a sufficient number of patients, or those with the required or desired characteristics, to complete our clinical trials in a timely manner. Patient enrollment and trial completion is affected by many factors, including the: 
 size and nature of the patient population and process for identifying patients; 
 proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; 
 ability of patients to travel to clinical trial sites; 
 eligibility and exclusion criteria for the trial; 
 design of the clinical trial; 
 safety profile, to date, of the product candidate under study; 
 perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 
 perceived risks and benefits of our approach; 
 approval of competing product candidates currently under investigation for the treatment of similar diseases or conditions, or competing clinical trials for similar product candidates or targeting patient populations meeting our patient eligibility criteria; 
 severity of the disease under investigation; 
 degree of progression of the patient s disease at the time of enrollment and throughout the clinical trial; 
 ability to obtain and maintain patient consent; 
 risk that enrolled patients will drop out before completion of the trial; 
 patient referral practices of physicians; and 
 ability to adequately monitor patients during and after treatment. 
 Enrollment risks are heightened with respect to indications that are rare or orphan diseases, which may limit the pool of patients that may be enrolled in our planned clinical trials. For example, we are developing KER-047 for the treatment of IRIDA, which is a rare, inherited form of iron deficiency anemia with a worldwide prevalence estimated to be less than one person in 1,000,000. As a result, we have encountered difficulties enrolling participants in our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KER-047 for the treatment of IRIDA due, in part, to the small size of this patient population. In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials in such clinical trial site. 
 Delays related to patient enrollment and difficulties related to patient retention may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of our future clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publish interim, topline or preliminary data from our clinical trials. Preliminary and interim data from our clinical trials may change as more participant data become available. For example, in June 2021, we announced preliminary results from Cohorts 1 and 2 of our Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KER-050 for the treatment of anemia and thrombocytopenia in patients with very low-, low-, or intermediate-risk MDS, which only included a small subset of the patients expected to be enrolled in the trial. We also announced additional preliminary efficacy results from Parts 1 and 2 of that trial most recently in December 2022. Preliminary or interim data from our clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of final results. Preliminary and interim data are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially 
 51 

change as enrollment continues, more trial data become available and we issue our final clinical trial report. Interim, topline and preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, preliminary, topline and interim data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Material adverse changes in the final data compared to the interim data could significantly harm our business prospects. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product, if any, and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular preclinical study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product, if any, product candidate or our business. If the preliminary and interim data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 
 Preclinical development is uncertain. Our preclinical programs may experience delays or may never advance to clinical trials, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize these programs on a timely basis or at all, which would have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Before we can commence clinical trials for any product candidate, we must complete extensive preclinical studies that support any future Investigational New Drug, or IND, applications in the United States, or similar applications in other jurisdictions. All of our clinical trials have, to date, been conducted outside of the United States. However, we submitted and cleared an IND with the FDA for our Phase 2 clinical trial for KER-050 in patients with MDS in October 2022. Conducting preclinical testing is a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process and delays associated with product candidates for which we are directly conducting preclinical testing and studies may cause us to incur additional operating expenses. While we are conducting two Phase 2 clinical trials for KER-050, one in patients with MDS and one in patients with myelofibrosis, and a Phase 2 clinical trial for KER-047 in patients with IRIDA, and plan to initially conduct a Phase 2 clinical trial for KER-047 in MDS and myelofibrosis patients with functional iron deficiency and a Phase 2 clinical trial for KER-012 in patients with PAH, outside of the United States, we cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of our preclinical testing and studies for our other product candidates and cannot predict if the FDA will accept our proposed clinical programs or if the outcome of our preclinical testing and foreign clinical trials will ultimately support the further development of our other product candidates. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to submit INDs or similar applications for our preclinical programs on the timelines we expect, if at all, and we cannot be sure that submission of INDs or similar applications will result in the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities allowing clinical trials to begin. 
 Our research and development activities could be affected or delayed as a result of possible restrictions on animal testing. 
 Certain laws and regulations require us to test our product candidates on animals before initiating clinical trials involving humans. Animal testing activities have been the subject of controversy and adverse publicity. Animal rights groups and other organizations and individuals have attempted to stop animal testing activities by pressing for legislation and regulation in these areas and by disrupting these activities through protests and other means. To the extent the activities of these groups are successful, our research and development activities may be interrupted, delayed or become more expensive. 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, laws or regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidate and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective as a treatment for our targeted indications, or, in the case of a product candidate regulated as a biological product, that the product candidate is safe, pure and potent for its proposed indication; 
 52 

the population studied may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure safety or efficacy in the population for which we seek approval; 
 the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials beyond those that we currently anticipate; 
 the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a New Drug Application, or NDA, or a Biologics License Application, or BLA, as applicable, to the FDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 
 the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authorities or the laws they enforce may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 This lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process, and determining when or whether regulatory approval will be obtained for any of our product candidates. Even if we believe the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. If global health concerns such as a pandemic prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, if any, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 The FDA and any comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from trials conducted in locations outside of their jurisdiction. 
 The acceptance of trial data by the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority from clinical trials conducted outside of their respective jurisdictions may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the United States population and United States medical practice, (ii) the trials are performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to compliance with current GCP requirements and (iii) the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate mean. Additionally, the FDA s clinical trial requirements, including the adequacy of the patient population studied and statistical powering, must be met. In addition, such foreign trials are subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any applicable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of its applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any applicable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of our business plan, and which may result in our product candidates not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval of a product candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with such product candidate. 
 If any of our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, we will be subject to continued compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs, and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. 
 Manufacturers and their facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA or BLA, other marketing application, and previous responses to inspection 
 53 

observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require a REMS program as a condition of approval of our product candidates, which could entail requirements for long-term patient follow-up, a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our product candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration. 
 The FDA may impose consent decrees or withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, if approved, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 
 fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 
 refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 
 product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability including, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe, in their independent professional medical judgment, legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion of off-label use and has enjoined companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA and other regulatory agencies have also required that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. However, companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with a product s FDA approved labeling. 
 The holder of an NDA or BLA must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing clinical trials to confirm the safety and efficacy of our products, if approved, in general or in specific patient subsets. If original marketing approval was obtained via the accelerated approval pathway, we could be required to conduct a successful post-marketing clinical trial to confirm clinical benefit for our products, if approved. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval. 
 The policies of the FDA and of comparable foreign regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 If approved, our investigational products regulated as biologics, including KER-050 and KER-012, may face competition from biosimilars approved through an abbreviated regulatory pathway. 
 We are developing KER-050 for the treatment of cytopenias, including anemia and thrombocytopenia, in patients with MDS and myelofibrosis and KER-012 for the treatment of PAH and for the treatment of cardiovascular disorders, both of which we anticipate will be regulated as a biological product. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the ACA, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application 
 54 

for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, and potency of the other company s product. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. 
 We believe that any of our product candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our investigational medicines to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic competition sooner than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once licensed, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 
 If competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing our products, if approved, our products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. 
 We may become exposed to costly and damaging liability claims, either when testing our product candidates in the clinic or at the commercial stage, and our product liability insurance may not cover all damages from such claims. 
 We are exposed to potential product liability and professional indemnity risks that are inherent in the research, development, manufacturing, marketing and use of biopharmaceutical products. Currently, we have no products that have been approved for commercial sale; however, the current and future use of product candidates by us and our collaborators in clinical trials, and the potential sale of any approved products in the future, may expose us to liability claims. These claims might be made by patients who use the product, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies, our collaborators or others selling such products. Any claims against us, regardless of their merit, could be difficult and costly to defend and could materially adversely affect the market for our product candidates or any prospects for commercialization of our product candidates. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our products, if approved, due to negative public perception; 
 injury to our reputation; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants or difficulties in recruiting new trial participants; 
 initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 costs to defend or settle the related litigation; 
 a diversion of management s time and our resources; 
 substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
 product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 loss of revenues from product sales; and 
 the inability to commercialize any of our product candidates, if approved. 
 Although we believe we maintain adequate product liability insurance for our product candidates, it is possible that our liabilities could exceed our insurance coverage. We intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates. However, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or obtain insurance coverage that will be adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. If a successful product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities, our assets may not be sufficient to cover such claims and our business operations could be impaired. Should any of the events described above occur, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Due to our limited resources and access to capital, we must, and have in the past decided to, prioritize development of certain product candidates over other potential product candidates. These decisions may prove to have been wrong and may adversely affect our ability to develop our own programs, our attractiveness as a commercial partner and may ultimately have an impact on our commercial success. 
 Because we have limited resources and access to capital to fund our operations, we must decide which product candidates to pursue and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, collaboration, management and financial resources toward particular proprietary molecules in our library, product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development of viable commercial products and may divert resources away from better opportunities. Similarly, our decisions to delay, terminate or collaborate with third parties in respect of certain product development programs may also prove not to be optimal and could cause us to miss valuable opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the market potential of our product candidates or misread trends in the biopharmaceutical industry, in particular for KER-050, KER-047 and KER-012, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 55 

We may seek orphan drug designation for product candidates we develop, and we may be unsuccessful or may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including the potential for market exclusivity. 
 As part of our business strategy, we may seek orphan drug designation for any product candidates we develop, and we may be unsuccessful. While we have not made a determination regarding whether we intend to seek orphan drug designation for any of our product candidates at this time, we may do so in the future. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act in the United States, the FDA may designate a drug as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards certain clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. 
 Generally in the United States, if a drug with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the drug is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug and indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances. 
 Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for any of our product candidates, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product candidate from competition because different therapies can be approved for the same condition and the same therapies can be approved for different conditions but used off-label. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In addition, a designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. Moreover, orphan drug exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. While we may seek orphan drug designation for applicable indications for our current and any future product candidates, we may never receive such designations. Even if we do receive such designations, there is no guarantee that we will benefit from those designations. 

Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 If we are unable to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we receive regulatory approval, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 If we are successful in obtaining marketing approval from applicable regulatory authorities for KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 or any other product candidate, our ability to generate revenues from any such products will depend on our success in: 
 launching commercial sales of such products, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 
 receiving approved labels with claims that are necessary or desirable for successful marketing, and that do not contain safety or other limitations that would impede our ability to market such products; 
 creating market demand for such products through marketing, sales and promotion activities; 
 hiring, training, and deploying a sales force or contracting with third parties to commercialize such products in the United States; 
 creating strategic collaborations with, or offering licenses to, third parties to promote and sell such products in foreign markets where we receive marketing approval; 
 manufacturing such products in sufficient quantities and at acceptable quality and cost to meet commercial demand at launch and thereafter; 
 establishing and maintaining agreements with wholesalers, distributors, and group purchasing organizations on commercially reasonable terms; 
 maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for such products; 
 achieving market acceptance of such products by patients, the medical community, and third-party payors; 
 achieving coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors for such products; 
 patients willingness to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of such coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; 
 effectively competing with other therapies; and 
 maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of such products following launch. 
 To the extent we are not able to do any of the foregoing, our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price and prospects will be materially harmed. 
 56 

We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other compounds or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results. Our potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly as they develop novel approaches to treating disease indications that our product candidates are also focused on treating. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel therapeutics or to in-license novel therapeutics that could make the product candidates that we develop obsolete. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates are efficacy, safety, tolerability, reliability, convenience of use, price and reimbursement. 
 We compete in the segments of the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other related industries that develop and market therapies for the treatment of hematological, pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders. There are many other companies, including large biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, that have commercialized and/or are developing therapies for the same therapeutic areas that our product candidates target. For example, FibroGen Inc. and Astellas Pharma Inc. are developing product candidates for the treatment of anemia, and Acceleron Pharma Inc. (which was acquired by Merck Co. Inc. in November 2021), or Acceleron, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and Disc Medicine are developing product candidates targeting diseases associated with MDS and myelofibrosis, including chronic anemia. Additionally, in April 2020, Acceleron received FDA approval of its product, Reblozyl, for the treatment of anemia failing an erythropoiesis stimulating agent and requiring two or more red blood cell units over eight weeks in adult patients with very low- to intermediate-risk MDS with ring sideroblasts or with myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative neoplasm with ring sideroblasts and thrombocytosis. In June 2020, Acceleron further announced that the European Commission approved Reblozyl for the treatment of transfusion-dependent anemia in adult patients with MDS or beta thalassemia and in September 2020, Acceleron announced that Health Canada approved Reblozyl for the treatment of adult patients with red blood cell transfusion-dependent anemia associated with beta thalassemia. Geron Corporation is developing imetelstat as a treatment for MDS and for myelofibrosis. Sierra Oncology (which was acquired by GSK plc in July 2022) is developing momelotinib as a treatment for myelofibrosis. Additionally, Constellation Pharmaceutics, Inc. (which was acquired by MorphoSys AG in July 2021) is also developing a product candidate as a treatment for myelofibrosis and Incyte Corporation is developing an ALK2 inhibitor product candidate for the treatment of myelofibrosis. In March 2022, CTI BioPharma Corp. received FDA accelerated approval of its product, pacritinib (Vonjo), for the treatment of adults with intermediate or high-risk primary or secondary (post-polycythemia vera or post-essential thrombocythemia) myelofibrosis with a platelet count below 50 10 9 /L. 
 Other companies that are developing product candidates that are designed to target the TGF- signaling pathways include Scholar Rock Holding Corporation, Biogen Inc. and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 All of the currently-approved therapies for PAH are vasodilators, which are medications that dilate blood vessels. However, Acceleron is developing sotatercept, an activin receptor ligand trap, for the treatment of PAH. Aerovate Therapeutics, Inc. and Gossamer Bio, Inc. are also developing clinical-stage product candidates, AV-101 and seralutinib, respectively, for the treatment of PAH. 
 We anticipate that we will continue to face intense and increasing competition as new treatments enter the market and advanced technologies become available. There can be no assurance that our competitors are not currently developing, or will not in the future develop, products that are equally or more effective or are more economically attractive than any of our current or future product candidates. Competing products may gain faster or greater market acceptance than our products, if any, and medical advances or rapid technological development by competitors may result in our product candidates becoming non-competitive or obsolete before we are able to recover our research and development and commercialization expenses. If we or our product candidates do not compete effectively, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure and have no experience in the sale or marketing of biopharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success for any approved product, we must develop or acquire a sales and marketing organization, outsource these functions to third parties or enter into strategic collaborations. 
 We may decide to establish our own sales and marketing capabilities and promote our product candidates if and when regulatory approval has been obtained in the United States or in other jurisdictions. There are risks involved if we decide to establish our own sales and marketing capabilities or enter into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. 
 57 

Even if we establish sales and marketing capabilities, we may fail to launch our products, if approved, effectively or to market our products effectively since we have no experience in the sales and marketing of biopharmaceutical products. In addition, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. In the event that any such launch is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our products, if approved, on our own include: 
 our inability to recruit, train and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 
 the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or educate adequate numbers of physicians on the benefits of our products, if approved; 
 the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; 
 unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization; and 
 costs of marketing and promotion above those anticipated by us. 
 If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales and marketing services, our product revenues or the profitability of these product revenues to us could be lower than if we were to market and sell any products that we develop ourselves. Such collaborative arrangements with partners may place the commercialization of our products, if approved, outside of our control and would make us subject to a number of risks including that we may not be able to control the amount or timing of resources that our collaborative partner devotes to our products, if any, or that our collaborator s willingness or ability to complete its obligations, and our obligations under our arrangements may be adversely affected by business combinations or significant changes in our collaborator s business strategy. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell and market our products, if approved, or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. Acceptable third parties may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products, if any, effectively. 
 If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we may not be successful in commercializing our products, if any, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Even if a product candidate we develop receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. The revenues that we generate from their sales may be limited, and we may never become profitable. 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate for any indication. Even if our product candidates are approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities for marketing and sale, they may not gain acceptance among physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. If any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval does not gain an adequate level of market acceptance, we could be prevented from or significantly delayed in achieving profitability. Market acceptance of our product candidates by the medical community, patients and third-party payors will depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. For example, physicians are often reluctant to switch their patients and patients may be reluctant to switch from existing therapies even when new and potentially more effective or safer treatments enter the market. 
 Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may not be successful. If any of our product candidates are approved but do not achieve an adequate level of market acceptance, we could be prevented from or significantly delayed in achieving profitability. The degree of market acceptance of any product for which we receive marketing approval will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the clinical indications for which our product candidates are approved; 
 physicians, hospitals and patients considering our product candidates as a safe and effective treatment; 
 the potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; 
 the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 
 product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 
 limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 
 the timing of market introduction of our product candidates in relation to other potentially competitive products; 
 the cost of our product candidates in relation to alternative treatments; 
 the amount of upfront costs or training required for physicians to administer our product candidates; 
 the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors and government authorities; 
 the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of comprehensive coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors and government authorities; 
 the relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies; 
 the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts and distribution support; and 
 58 

the presence or perceived risk of potential product liability claims. 
 Enacted and future healthcare legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to progress our clinical programs and obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. 
 In the United States and other jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of healthcare. For example, in March 2010, the ACA was enacted, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of the ACA, those of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries include the following: 
 an annual, non-deductible fee payable by any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents (other than those designated as orphan drugs), which is apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs; 
 a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 
 expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability; 
 a licensure framework for follow on biologic products; 
 a Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and 
 establishment of a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, Congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. However, it is possible that the ACA will be subject to additional judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. 
 In addition, the ACA has been subject to various health reform measures. For example, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021 and remained open through August 15, 2021. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how any additional healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, led to aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will remain in effect until 2031, unless additional action is taken by Congress. Following the resumption of the sequester, under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These new laws or any other similar laws introduced in the future may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other health care funding, which could negatively affect our customers and accordingly, our financial operations. 
 Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. presidential executive orders, Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs 
 59 

under Medicare and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. At the federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order that included multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform. The plan sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented, but it is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures. 
 Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our product candidates or put pressure on our product pricing. 
 In markets outside of the United States, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. 
 We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may negatively impact our operations. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 Disruptions at the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, otherwise prevent new products and services from being developed, approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, statutory, regulatory and policy changes, and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, in recent years, including in 2018 and 2019, the U.S. government shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may continue to adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Recently, President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on May 11, 2023. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on FDA and other regulatory policies and operations are unclear. Further, future government shutdowns or delays could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 60 

Our business operations and current and future relationships with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors, patient organizations and customers may be subject to applicable healthcare regulatory laws, which could expose us to penalties. 
 Our business operations and current and future arrangements with investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors, patient organizations and customers, may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including how we research, market, sell and distribute our product candidates, if approved. Such laws include: 
 the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or certain rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under U.S. federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 
 the U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which can be enforced by private individuals on behalf of the government through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalties laws prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the U.S. federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 
 the U.S. federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created additional federal civil and criminal liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, which impose certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization by covered entities subject to the rule, such as health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers and their business associates, independent contractors of a covered entity that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, as well as their covered subcontractors; 
 the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; 
 the U.S. Public Health Service Act, which prohibits, among other things, the introduction into interstate commerce of a biological product unless a biologics license is in effect for that product; 
 the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to CMS information related to certain payments and other transfers of value made in the prior year to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by such physicians and their immediate family members; and 
 analogous U.S. state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state and local laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to drug pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 In addition, our activities are also subject to certain federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 
 61 

Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, disgorgement, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs and imprisonment, which could affect our ability to operate our business. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. 
 If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, even assuming approval of a product candidate, our business may suffer. 
 Our projections of both the number of people who are affected by disease within our potential target indications, as well as the subset of these people who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including the scientific literature, healthcare utilization databases and market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Likewise, the potentially addressable patient population for each of our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates, and new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any product candidates we develop may become subject to unfavorable third-party coverage and reimbursement practices, as well as pricing regulations. 
 The availability and extent of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors, including government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers, managed care organizations and other third-party payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments. Sales of any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval will depend substantially, both in the United States and internationally, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be covered and reimbursed by third-party payors. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize an adequate return on our investment. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may not successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, for example, principal decisions about reimbursement for new products are typically made by the CMS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare, and private third-party payors often follow CMS s decisions regarding coverage and reimbursement to a substantial degree. However, one third-party payor s determination to provide coverage for a product candidate does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product candidate. As a result, the coverage determination process is often time-consuming and costly. This process will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products, if approved, to each third-party payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Further, such payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost effectiveness of medical product candidates. There may be especially significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific product candidates on an approved list, known as a formulary, which might not include all FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost effectiveness of our products, if any. Nonetheless, our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost effective. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. 
 Furthermore, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement for products administered under the supervision of a physician may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, separate reimbursement for the product itself or the treatment or procedure in which the product is used may not be available, which may impact physician utilization. In addition, companion diagnostic tests require coverage and reimbursement separate and 
 62 

apart from the coverage and reimbursement for their companion pharmaceutical or biological products. Similar challenges to obtaining coverage and reimbursement, applicable to pharmaceutical or biological products, will apply to companion diagnostics. 
 Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost containment initiatives in Europe, Canada and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of therapeutics such as our product candidates. In many countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, medical product prices are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after a product receives marketing approval. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. In general, product prices under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for products, but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our products, if approved, may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profits. 
 If we are unable to establish or sustain coverage and adequate reimbursement for any future product candidates from third-party payors, the adoption of those products and sales revenue will be adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect the ability to market or sell those product candidates, if approved. Coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 Our commercial success will depend in large part on obtaining and maintaining patent, trademark and trade secret protection of our proprietary technologies and our product candidates, their respective components, formulations, combination therapies, methods used to manufacture them and methods of treatment, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop unauthorized third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our product candidates is dependent upon the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents that cover these activities. If we are unable to secure and maintain patent protection for any product or technology we develop, or if the scope of the patent protection secured is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop may be adversely affected. 
 The patenting process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file, prosecute and maintain all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. In addition, we may not pursue, obtain or maintain patent protection in all relevant markets. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and are reliant on our licensors or licensees. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. 
 The strength of patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the United States or in other foreign countries. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patent applications we hold with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. 
 Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file any patent application related to our product candidates. Furthermore, for United States applications in which all claims are entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party or instituted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications. 
 63 

We cannot be certain that we are the first to invent the inventions covered by pending patent applications and, if we are not, we may be subject to priority disputes. We may be required to disclaim part or all of the term of certain patents or all of the term of certain patent applications. There may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the validity or enforceability of a patent claim, and we may be subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the USPTO. There also may be prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. No assurance can be given that if challenged, our patents would be declared by a court to be valid or enforceable or that even if found valid and enforceable, a competitor s technology or product would be found by a court to infringe our patents. We may analyze patents or patent applications of our competitors that we believe are relevant to our activities, and consider that we are free to operate in relation to our product candidates, but our competitors may achieve issued claims, including in patents we consider to be unrelated, which block our efforts or may potentially result in our product candidates or our activities infringing such claims. The possibility exists that others will develop products which have the same effect as our products, if any, on an independent basis which do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property rights, or will design around the claims of patents that we have had issued that cover our products, if approved. 
 Recent or future patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. Under the enacted Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or America Invents Act, enacted in 2013, the United States moved from a first to invent to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. The America Invents Act includes a number of other significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and establish a new post-grant review system. The effects of these changes are currently unclear as the USPTO only recently developed new regulations and procedures in connection with the America Invents Act and many of the substantive changes to patent law, including the first-to-file provisions, only became effective in March 2013. In addition, the courts have yet to address many of these provisions and the applicability of the act and new regulations on specific patents discussed herein have not been determined and would need to be reviewed. However, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make or use compounds or cells that are similar to the biological compositions of our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our patents; 
 the active biological ingredients in our current product candidates will eventually become commercially available in biosimilar drug products, and no patent protection may be available with regard to formulation or method of use; 
 we or our licensors, as the case may be, may fail to meet our obligations to the U.S. government in regards to any in-licensed patents and patent applications funded by U.S. government grants, leading to the loss of patent rights; 
 we or our licensors, as the case may be, might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 
 it is possible that our pending patent applications will not result in issued patents; 
 it is possible that there are prior public disclosures that could invalidate our or our licensors patents, as the case may be, or parts of our or their patents; 
 it is possible that others may circumvent our owned or in-licensed patents; 
 it is possible that there are unpublished applications or patent applications maintained in secrecy that may later issue with claims covering our products, if any, or technology similar to ours; 
 the laws of foreign countries may not protect our or our licensors , as the case may be, proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States; 
 the claims of our owned or in-licensed issued patents or patent applications, if and when issued, may not cover our product candidates; 
 our owned or in-licensed issued patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages, may be narrowed in scope, or be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties; 
 the inventors of our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications may become involved with competitors, develop products or processes which design around our patents, or become hostile to us or the patents or patent applications on which they are named as inventors; 
 it is possible that our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications omit individual(s) that should be listed as inventor(s) or include individual(s) that should not be listed as inventor(s), which may cause these patents or patents issuing from these patent applications to be held invalid or unenforceable; 
 we have engaged in scientific collaborations in the past, and will continue to do so in the future. Such collaborators may develop adjacent or competing products to ours that are outside the scope of our patents; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies for which we can obtain patent protection; 
 it is possible that product candidates or diagnostic tests we develop may be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; or 
 64 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business. 
 We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. Any termination of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights and could harm our ability to commercialize our product candidates. See the section titled Business Collaborations and License Agreement set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our license agreements. 
 Disputes may also arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 
 our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; and 
 the inventorship or ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners. 
 In addition, intellectual property license agreements are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
 We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license, as we are for intellectual property that we own, which are described below. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could suffer. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under our patent license with a third party, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We are a party to a license agreement pursuant to which we in-license key patent and patent applications for our product candidates. These existing licenses impose various diligence, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, our licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop or market the products covered by such licensed intellectual property. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements, or restrictions on our ability to freely assign or sublicense our rights under such agreements when it is in the interest of our business to do so, may impede, delay or prohibit the further development or commercialization of one or more product candidates that rely on such agreements. 
 We may have limited control over the maintenance and prosecution of these in-licensed patents and patent applications, activities or any other intellectual property that may be related to our in-licensed intellectual property. For example, we cannot be certain that such activities by our licensor have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we rely heavily upon know-how and to some extent trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third-parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and technological security measures. Such measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. 
 65 

In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. If we choose to go to court to stop a third party from using any of our trade secrets, we may incur substantial costs. These lawsuits may consume our time and other resources even if we are successful. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. 
 Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual or entity during the course of the party s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the individual, and which are related to our current or planned business or research and development or made during normal working hours, on our premises or using our equipment or proprietary information, are our exclusive property. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our proprietary technology by third parties. We have also adopted policies and conduct training that provides guidance on our expectations, and our advice for best practices, in protecting our trade secrets. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation, inter partes review, post grant review, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our product candidates and/or proprietary technologies infringe their intellectual property rights. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. There may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to our product candidates and programs. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of drugs, products or their methods of use or manufacture. Thus, because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields, there may be a risk that third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our product candidates, technologies or methods. 
 If a third-party claims that we infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 
 infringement and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our management s attention from our core business; 
 substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product candidate or technology at issue infringes on or violates the third party s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner s attorneys fees; 
 a court prohibiting us from developing, manufacturing, marketing or selling our product candidates, or from using our proprietary technologies, unless the third party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to do; 
 if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees and other amounts, and/or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property rights for our products, if any; and 
 redesigning our product candidates or processes so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. Generally, conducting clinical trials and other development activities in the United States is protected under the Safe Harbor exemption as set forth in 35 U.S.C. 271. If and when KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 or another one of our product candidates is approved by the FDA, that certain third party may then seek to enforce its patent by filing a patent infringement lawsuit against us. While we do not believe that any claims of such patent that could otherwise materially adversely affect commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, are valid and enforceable, we may be incorrect in this belief, or we may not be able to prove it in a litigation. In this regard, patents issued in the United States by law enjoy a presumption of validity that can be rebutted only 
 66 

with evidence that is clear and convincing, a heightened standard of proof. There may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. Even if we obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Even if such a license is available, it may be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. 
 Lastly, we may need to indemnify our customers and distributors against claims relating to the infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties related to our product candidates, including KER-050, KER-047 and KER-012. Third parties may assert infringement claims against our customers or distributors. These claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers or distributors, regardless of the merits of these claims. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, suppliers or distributors, or may be required to obtain licenses for the product candidates or services they use. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our products, if approved, or services. 
 Third parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. 
 As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biopharmaceutical or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, and although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings could adversely affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 67 

We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to develop any future product candidates on acceptable terms. 
 Because our programs may involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. 
 Our product candidates may also require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently and these rights may be held by others. We may develop products containing our compounds and pre-existing pharmaceutical compounds. We may be required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to provide a companion diagnostic test or tests with our product candidates. These diagnostic test or tests may be covered by intellectual property rights held by others. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary or important to our business operations. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all, which would harm our business. We may need to cease use of the compositions or methods covered by such third-party intellectual property rights, and may need to seek to develop alternative approaches that do not infringe on such intellectual property rights which may entail additional costs and development delays, even if we were able to develop such alternatives, which may not be feasible. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 
 Additionally, we sometimes collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. In certain cases, these institutions provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to others, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property or to maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of such program and our business and financial condition could suffer. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional product candidates that we may seek to acquire. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. 
 We may choose to challenge the patentability of claims in a third party s U.S. patent by requesting that the USPTO review the patent claims in an ex-parte re-exam, inter partes review or post-grant review proceedings. These proceedings are expensive and may consume our time or other resources. We may choose to challenge a third party s patent in patent opposition proceedings in the foreign patent offices. The costs of these opposition proceedings could be substantial, and may consume our time or other resources. If we fail to obtain a favorable result at the USPTO or other patent office then we may be exposed to litigation by a third party alleging that the patent may be infringed by our product candidates or proprietary technologies. 
 In addition, because some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, and publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our owned and in-licensed issued patents or our pending applications, or that we or, if applicable, a licensor were the first to invent the technology. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering our products, if approved, or technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our owned and in-licensed patent applications or patents, which could require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to those owned by or in-licensed to us, we or, in the case of in-licensed technology, the licensor may have to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. If we or one of our licensors is a 
 68 

party to an interference proceeding involving a U.S. patent application on inventions owned by or in-licensed to us, we may incur substantial costs, divert management s time and expend other resources, even if we are successful. 
 Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Litigation or interference proceedings may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent application process and following the issuance of a patent. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or the USPTO. 
 If we or one of our licensing partners initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third-party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we, our patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, or if we are otherwise unable to adequately protect our rights, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business and our ability to commercialize or license our technology and product candidates. 
 Moreover, the patents included in our patent portfolio may expire before, or soon after, our first product achieves marketing approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions. For example, the patents related to novel ALK2 inhibitors in the patent family that we license from The General Hospital Corporation are expected to expire in April 2038, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions. Upon the expiration of our current or future owned or licensed patents, we may lose the right to exclude others from practicing these inventions. The expiration of these patents could also have a similar material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We own pending patent applications covering our proprietary technologies or our product candidates that if issued as patents are expected to expire from 2037 through 2043, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions. However, we cannot be assured that the USPTO or relevant foreign patent offices will grant any of these patent applications. 
 Changes in patent law in the U.S. and in ex-U.S. jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products, if approved. 
 As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the 
 69 

patent laws in the United States or in ex-U.S. jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. In addition, the United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. For example, in the case Amgen Inc. v. Sanofi , the Federal Circuit held that a well-characterized antigen is insufficient to satisfy the written description requirement of certain claims directed to a genus of antibodies that are solely defined by function; and in the case of Assoc. for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc ., the U.S. Supreme Court held that certain claims to DNA molecules are not patentable. We cannot predict how these decisions or any future decisions by the courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our patents. Similarly, any adverse changes in the patent laws of other jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Some of our in-licensed intellectual property that was discovered through government-funded programs may be subject to federal regulation such as march-in rights, certain reporting requirements and a preference for U.S. industry. Compliance with such regulations may limit our exclusive rights, subject us to expenditure of resources with respect to reporting requirements and limit our ability to contract with foreign manufacturers. 
 At least one of our in-licensed patent cases related to our KER-047 product candidate has been funded in part by the U.S. government and, therefore, is subject to certain federal regulations pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, or the Bayh-Dole Act, and it is possible that additional patent filings we may choose to in-license in the future may also be subject to similar regulations. In particular, the federal government retains a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license for its own benefit to inventions produced with its financial assistance. The Bayh-Dole Act also provides federal agencies with march-in rights. March-in rights allow the government, in specified circumstances, to require the contractor or successors in title to the patent to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license to a responsible applicant or applicants. If the patent owner refuses to do so, the government may grant the license itself. Intellectual property discovered under government-funded programs are also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance with which may require us or our licensors to expend substantial resources. Such intellectual property is also subject to a preference for U.S. industry, which may limit our ability to contract with foreign product manufacturers for products covered by such intellectual property. Moreover, we sometimes collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development. While it is our policy to avoid engaging our university partners in projects in which there is a risk that federal funds may be commingled, we cannot be sure that any co-developed intellectual property will be free from government rights pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act. Further, we may choose to license intellectual property in the future that may be subject to government rights pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act. If, in the future, we co-own or license in technology which is critical to our business that is developed in whole or in part with federal funds subject to the Bayh-Dole Act, our ability to enforce or otherwise exploit patents covering such technology may be adversely affected. 
 We have limited foreign intellectual property rights and may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 We have limited intellectual property rights outside the United States. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our licensors are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. Also, competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, if approved, in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued patents and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products against third parties in violation of our proprietary rights generally. The initiation of proceedings by third parties to challenge the scope or validity of our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs 
 70 

and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patents, and we may be unable to protect our rights to our products, if approved, and technology. 
 If we or our licensors choose to go to court to stop a third party from using the inventions claimed in our owned or in-licensed patents, that third party may ask the court to rule that the patents are invalid and/or should not be enforced against that third party. These lawsuits are expensive and would consume time and other resources even if we or they, as the case may be, were successful in stopping the infringement of these patents. In addition, there is a risk that the court will decide that these patents are not valid and that we or they, as the case may be, do not have the right to stop others from using the inventions. 
 There is also the risk that, even if the validity of these patents is upheld, the court will refuse to stop the third party on the ground that such third party s activities do not infringe our owned or in-licensed patents. In addition, the U.S. Supreme Court has recently changed some legal principles that affect patent applications, granted patents and assessment of the eligibility or validity of these patents. As a consequence, issued patents may be found to contain invalid claims according to the newly revised eligibility and validity standards. Some of our owned or in-licensed patents may be subject to challenge and subsequent invalidation or significant narrowing of claim scope in proceedings before the USPTO, or during litigation, under the revised criteria which could also make it more difficult to obtain patents. 
 We, or our licensors, may not be able to detect infringement against our owned or in-licensed patents, as the case may be, which may be especially difficult for manufacturing processes or formulation patents. Even if we or our licensors detect infringement by a third party of our owned or in-licensed patents, we or our licensors, as the case may be, may choose not to pursue litigation against or settlement with the third party. If we, or our licensors, later sue such third party for patent infringement, the third party may have certain legal defenses available to it, which otherwise would not be available except for the delay between when the infringement was first detected and when the suit was brought. Such legal defenses may make it impossible for us or our licensors to enforce our owned or in-licensed patents, as the case may be, against such third party. 
 If another party questions the patentability of any of our claims in our owned or in-licensed U.S. patents, the third-party can request that the USPTO review the patent claims such as in an inter partes review, ex parte re-exam or post-grant review proceedings. These proceedings are expensive and may result in a loss of scope of some claims or a loss of the entire patent. In addition to potential USPTO review proceedings, we may become a party to patent opposition proceedings in foreign patent offices, where either our owned or in-licensed foreign patents are challenged. 
 In the future, we may be involved in similar proceedings challenging the patent rights of others, and the outcome of such proceedings is highly uncertain. An adverse determination in any such proceeding could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. The costs of these opposition or similar proceedings could be substantial, and may result in a loss of scope of some claims or a loss of the entire patent. An unfavorable result at the USPTO or other patent office may result in the loss of our right to exclude others from practicing one or more of our inventions in the relevant country or jurisdiction, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions such as patent term adjustments and/or extensions, may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any product candidates we may develop, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Action of 1984 Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for 
 71 

manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. Further, for our licensed patents, we may not have the right to control prosecution, including filing with the USPTO, of a petition for patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act. Thus, if one of our licensed patents is eligible for patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act, we may not be able to control whether a petition to obtain a patent term extension is filed, or obtained, from the USPTO. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trade names or trademarks that incorporate variations of our unregistered trade names or trademarks. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties, including independent clinical investigators, contracted laboratories and CROs, to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third parties, including independent clinical investigators, contracted laboratories and third-party CROs, to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements and to monitor and manage data for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We rely on these parties for execution of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies and trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on these third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our third-party contractors and CROs are required to comply with good laboratory practices, or GLPs, as applicable, and GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible, reproducible and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Regulatory authorities enforce these GLPs and GCPs through periodic inspections of laboratories conducting GLP studies, trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we, our investigators or any of our CROs or contracted laboratories fail to comply with applicable GLPs and GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional preclinical studies or clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials comply with applicable GLP or GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product, including biologic product, produced in compliance with applicable cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat preclinical studies or clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 
 Further, these laboratories, investigators and CROs are not our employees and we will not be able to control, other than by contract, the amount of resources, including time, which they devote to our product candidates and clinical trials. If independent laboratories, investigators or CROs fail to devote sufficient resources to the development of our product candidates, or if their performance is substandard, it may delay or compromise the prospects for approval and commercialization of any product candidates that we develop. In addition, the use of third-party service providers requires us to disclose our proprietary information to these parties, which could increase the risk that this information will be misappropriated. 
 Our CROs have the right to terminate their agreements with us in the event of an uncured material breach. In addition, some of our CROs have an ability to terminate their respective agreements with us if it can be reasonably demonstrated that the safety of the subjects participating in our clinical trials warrants such termination, if we make a general assignment for the benefit of our creditors or if we are liquidated. 
 Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken in response have also had a significant impact on our CROs, and we expect that they will face further disruption which may affect our ability to initiate and complete our preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 72 

There is a limited number of third-party service providers that specialize or have the expertise required to achieve our business objectives. If any of our relationships with these third-party laboratories, CROs or clinical investigators terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative laboratories, CROs or investigators or to do so in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms. If laboratories, CROs or clinical investigators do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our preclinical or clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our preclinical or clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. 
 Switching or adding additional laboratories or CROs (or investigators) involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new laboratory or CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our contracted laboratories and CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, clinical investigators may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and may receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, or the FDA concludes that the financial relationship may have affected the interpretation of the preclinical study or clinical trial, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable preclinical study or clinical trial site may be questioned and the utility of the preclinical study or clinical trial itself may be jeopardized, which could result in the delay or rejection by the FDA. Any such delay or rejection could prevent us from commercializing our clinical-stage product candidate or any future product candidates. 
 We rely on third parties to supply and manufacture our product candidates, and we expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture our products, if approved. The development of such product candidates and the commercialization of any products, if approved, could be stopped, delayed or made less profitable if any such third party fails to provide us with sufficient quantities of product candidates or products or fails to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices or fails to maintain or achieve satisfactory regulatory compliance. 
 We do not currently have the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture our product candidates for use in the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials or for commercial supply, if our products are approved. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs. Any replacement of our CMOs could require significant effort and expertise because there may be a limited number of qualified CMOs. This could be particularly problematic where we rely on a single-source supplier, as is currently the case for the manufacture of each of KER-050, KER-047 and KER-012. 
 Reliance on third-party providers may expose us to more risk than if we were to manufacture our product candidates ourselves. We are dependent on our CMOs for the production of our product candidates in accordance with relevant regulations, such as cGMP, which includes, among other things, quality control, quality assurance and the maintenance of records and documentation. Moreover, many of the third parties with whom we contract may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting product development activities that could harm our competitive position. 
 If we were to experience an unexpected loss of supply of or if any supplier were unable to meet our demand for any of our product candidates, we could experience delays in our research or planned clinical trials or commercialization. We could be unable to find alternative suppliers of acceptable quality, in the appropriate volumes and at an acceptable cost. Moreover, our suppliers are often subject to strict manufacturing requirements and rigorous testing requirements, which could limit or delay production. Any changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around manufacturing and testing requirements generally or with respect to our technology in particular, could also limit or delay production. The long transition periods necessary to switch manufacturers and suppliers, if necessary, could significantly delay our clinical studies and the commercialization of our products, if approved, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 In complying with the applicable manufacturing regulations of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, we and our third-party suppliers must spend significant time, money and effort in the areas of design and development, testing, production, record-keeping and quality control to assure that the products meet applicable specifications and other regulatory requirements. The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates are subject to review by the FDA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit our NDA or BLA to the FDA. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP requirements for manufacture of drug and biologic products. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, we will not be able to secure or maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates manufactured at these manufacturing facilities. In addition, 
 73 

we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory agency does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if any agency withdraws its approval in the future, we and they may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would negatively impact the ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. The failure of our manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements could also result in an enforcement action against us, including the seizure of products and shutting down of production. If any of our third-party suppliers fails to comply with cGMP or other applicable manufacturing regulations, our ability to develop and commercialize the products could suffer significant interruptions. We face risks inherent in relying on a single CMO, as any disruption, such as a fire, natural hazards or vandalism at the CMO could significantly interrupt our manufacturing capability. All of our CMOs currently do not have alternative production plans in place or disaster-recovery facilities available. In case of a disruption, we will have to establish alternative manufacturing sources. This would require substantial capital on our part, which we may not be able to obtain on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Additionally, we would likely experience months of manufacturing delays as the CMO builds or locates replacement facilities and seeks and obtains necessary regulatory approvals. If this occurs, we will be unable to satisfy manufacturing needs on a timely basis, if at all. 
 We are dependent on our existing third-party collaboration with Hansoh to commercialize KER-050 within the territories of mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, and if Hansoh is not successful in commercializing KER-050 in these areas, we will lose a significant source of potential revenue. 
 We currently have a license agreement with Hansoh who will pay us milestone payments upon the achievement of specified development and commercial milestones. In addition, if KER-050, or a licensed product containing KER-050, is approved for marketing within the territories of mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, which we refer to collectively as the Territory, we will be entitled to receive royalty payments based on a tiered percentage of annual net sales in each region within the Territory, with such percentage ranging from the low double digit to high teens, subject to specified potential royalty reductions. We are relying on Hansoh to commercialize KER-050 in the Territory, and if Hansoh is not able to commercialize KER-050 in those countries, or determines not to pursue development or commercialization of KER-050 in those countries, we will not receive any milestone or royalty payments under the agreement. 
 Our future collaborations will be important to our business. If we are unable to enter into new collaborations, or if these collaborations are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. 
 A part of our strategy is to strategically evaluate and, as deemed appropriate, enter into additional strategic collaborations in the future when strategically attractive, including potentially with major biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We have limited capabilities for product development and do not yet have any capability for commercialization. Accordingly, we may enter into collaborations with other companies to provide us with important technologies and funding for our programs and technology. If we fail to enter into or maintain collaborations on reasonable terms or at all, our ability to develop our existing or future research programs and product candidates could be delayed, the commercial potential of our product could change and our costs of development and commercialization could increase. Furthermore, we may find that our programs require the use of intellectual property rights held by third parties, and the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire or in-license these intellectual property rights. 
 Any future collaborations we enter into may pose a number of risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply; 
 collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; 
 collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs or license arrangements based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as a strategic transaction that may divert resources or create competing priorities; 
 collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products, if approved, and product candidates if the collaborators believe that the competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 
 product candidates discovered in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; 
 collaborators may fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the development, manufacture, distribution or marketing of a product candidate or product; 
 collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our product candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 
 disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development, might cause delays or terminations of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates, might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to product candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; 
 74 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 
 collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 
 if a collaborator of ours is involved in a business combination, the collaborator might de-emphasize or terminate the development or commercialization of any product candidate licensed to it by us; and 
 collaborations may be terminated by the collaborator, and, if terminated, we could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 
 If our collaborations do not result in the successful discovery, development and commercialization of product candidates or if one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may not receive any future research funding or milestone or royalty payments under such collaboration. All of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K also apply to the activities of our therapeutic collaborators. 
 Additionally, if one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may find it more difficult to attract new collaborators and our perception in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborative partners. Our ability to reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon an assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. These factors may include the design or results of preclinical studies or clinical trials, the likelihood of regulatory approval, the potential market for the subject product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering such product candidate to patients, the potential of competing products, the existence of any uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology (which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership regardless of the merits of the challenge) and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us. 
 We may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization, reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 If we engage in future acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities and subject us to other risks. 
 From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisition opportunities and strategic collaborations, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses. Any potential acquisition or strategic collaboration may entail numerous risks, including: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 
 the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 
 the issuance of our equity securities; 
 assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 
 the diversion of our management s attention from our existing programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition; 
 retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 
 risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and marketing approvals; and 
 our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 
 In addition, if we undertake acquisitions or pursue collaborations in the future, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. Moreover, we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities, and this inability could impair our ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development of our business. 
 
 75 

Risks Related to Our Employee Matters, Managing Our Growth and Other Risks Relating to Our Operations 
 Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely impact our business, including the timing or results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 The outbreak and government measures taken in response to COVID-19 have had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on businesses and commerce, as worker shortages have occurred; supply chains have been disrupted; facilities and production have been suspended; and demand for certain goods and services, such as medical services and supplies, has spiked, while demand for other goods and services, such as travel, has fallen. In response to the spread of COVID-19, we have closed our principal executive office in March 2020 and in July 2021, we implemented a plan to reopen our office to allow employees to return to the office, which is based on a phased approach that is principles-based and local in design, with a focus on continuity of preclinical studies and clinical trial activities, employee safety and optimal work environment. If COVID-19 continues to spread worldwide, particularly in light of variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, we may experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials, including: 
 delays in receiving approval from local regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 
 delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; 
 delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 
 delays in clinical sites receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct our clinical trials, including interruption in global shipping that may affect the transport of clinical trial materials; 
 changes in local regulations as part of a response to COVID-19 which may require us to change the ways in which our clinical trials are conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue the clinical trials altogether; 
 diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 
 interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others, or interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures, the occurrence of which could affect the integrity of clinical trial data; 
 risk that participants enrolled in our clinical trials will acquire COVID-19 while the clinical trial is ongoing, which could impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; 
 interruptions in preclinical studies due to restricted or limited operations at our research and development laboratory facility or delays in receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct our preclinical studies; 
 delays in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees; 
 limitations in employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; 
 refusal of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in these affected geographies; and 
 interruption or delays to our sourced discovery and clinical activities. 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic spread of the disease, particularly in light of variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, the duration of the pandemic, travel restrictions and social distancing, business closures or business disruptions and the effectiveness of actions taken worldwide, including in countries where we have planned or ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials, to contain and treat the disease. Recently, President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on May 11, 2023. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on FDA and other regulatory policies and operations are unclear. In addition, while the potential impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and our business in particular may be difficult to assess or predict, the pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could negatively affect our liquidity in the future. Moreover, to the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Medical Officer and Chief Operating Officer. If we are not successful in attracting, motivating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our management and particularly on the services of our scientific personnel including Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D., our Chief Executive Officer, Simon Cooper, M.B.B.S., our Chief Medical Officer, and Christopher Rovaldi, our Chief Operating Officer. We believe that their drug discovery and development experience and overall biopharmaceutical company management experience would be difficult to replace. Any of our executive officers could leave our employment at any time, as all of our employees are at-will employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel and any of our other executive officers, key employees, 
 76 

and scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in delays in our research and development objectives and harm our business. 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified employees, consultants and advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, also will be critical to our success. Competition for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and academic institutions for skilled individuals. In addition, failure to succeed in preclinical studies, clinical trials or applications for marketing approval may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability to recruit, or the loss of services of certain executives, key employees, consultants or advisors, may impede the progress of our research, development and commercialization objectives and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 105 full-time employees, including 83 employees engaged in research and development and 22 employees engaged in management or general and administrative activities. As our clinical development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we expect we will need additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, legal and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 
 managing our development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any future product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and 
 improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any other product candidates we develop will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services. The services include substantially all aspects of clinical trial management and manufacturing. We cannot assure you that the services of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain marketing approval of KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and our other product candidates or otherwise advance our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring qualified new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and our other product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those used by our contract research organizations, or other contractors or consultants upon which we rely, may fail or suffer security incidents, which could adversely affect our business. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely, may collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit and share (collectively, process proprietary, confidential and sensitive data, including personal data (such as health-related data), intellectual property and trade secrets (collectively, sensitive information ). We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic. Remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. 
 Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive information and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we, the third parties upon which we rely, may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber-attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell 
 77 

and distribute our goods and services. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, and other similar threats. In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. 
 We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business, particularly due to our hybrid-work policies. Remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. Future transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 We may rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other functions. We may also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products, services, parts or otherwise to operate our business. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of or access to our sensitive information or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to operate our business. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our clinical trial activities) to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. 
 While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 The costs to respond to a security incident and/or to mitigate any security vulnerabilities that may be identified could be significant, our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, and these problems could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service, negative publicity, and other harm to our business and our competitive position. Any security incident affecting us, our current and future CROs, collaborators, contractors, consultants or other partners or our industry, whether real or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and lead to regulatory scrutiny. Likewise, we may rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent that any disruption or security incident were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could face governmental reporting obligations, fines, incur liability and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. 
 If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class action claims); 
 78 

indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. For example, the loss of preclinical or clinical data could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Most jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities, and others of security incidents involving certain types of data. In addition, our agreements with collaborators may require us to notify them in the event of a security incident . Such mandatory disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences such as negative publicity, may cause our collaborators to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security incident. 
 In addition, any actual or perceived security incident could result in legal claims or proceedings, regulatory investigations or actions, and other types of liability under laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information, including federal, state and foreign data protection and privacy regulations, violations of which could result in significant penalties and fines in the EU, UK and United States notably. In addition, although we seek to detect and investigate all data security incidents, security incidents and other incidents of unauthorized access to our information technology systems and data can be difficult to detect and any delay in identifying such breaches or incidents may lead to increased harm and legal exposure of the type described above. 
 We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to government enforcement actions, including administrative, civil or criminal fines or penalties, private litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; other liabilities and adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Compliance or the failure to comply with such laws and regulations could increase the costs of our products, could limit their use or adoption, and could otherwise negatively affect our operating results and business. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, process) personal data and other sensitive information, including personal data, proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, intellectual property and data we collect about trial participants in connection with clinical trials. Our data processing activities may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements and other obligations relating to data privacy and security. 
 In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal and state health information privacy laws, state data breach notification laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws (including Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act) and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws), that govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health information and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties, including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data, that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to civil, criminal and administrative penalties and fines if we violate HIPAA. 
 In addition, certain state and foreign laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than U.S. federal law and many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 In addition, several U.S. states have passed comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives and employees, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. Although the CCPA exempts some data regulated by HIPAA and certain data regarding clinical trials, the CCPA, to the extent applicable to our business and operations, may increase our compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal information we maintain about California residents. In addition, the 
 79 

California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CPRA, expands the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal information and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Other states, including Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah have passed privacy legislation and additional legislation has been proposed at the federal and state levels. While these laws may exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts, and may increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards may govern data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, or EU GDPR, the United Kingdom s GDPR, Brazil s General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais) (Law No. 13,709/2018), and China s Personal Information Protection Law impose strict requirements for processing personal data. For example, under the EU GDPR, companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions; fines of up to 20 million or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area, or the EEA, and the UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 Laws such as these give rise to an increasingly complex set of compliance obligations on us. These data protection rules continue to evolve and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions and increased costs of compliance. We strive to comply with these rules and obligations to the extent possible. Such compliance is a rigorous and time-consuming process. 
 We may also be bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions on their service providers. We maintain privacy policies, marketing materials and other documentation regarding data privacy and security. Although we endeavor to comply with our policies and other documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. If these policies materials, statements or documentation are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 
 Obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources. These obligations may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations may require us to change our business model. We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely on may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections); litigation (including class action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including clinical trials); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or substantial changes to our business model or operations. 
 80 

Compliance with U.S. and foreign data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, increase our costs of legal compliance, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our or our partners or suppliers ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in government investigations and/or enforcement actions (which could include civil, criminal and administrative penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects, employees and other individuals about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain personal information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may limit our ability to collect, use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, vendors, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, vendors, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate the regulations of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities; healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad; or laws that require the reporting of financial information or data accurately. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials or creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A variety of risks are associated with operating our business internationally which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 We conduct certain research and development and clinical operations in Australia, New Zealand, Europe, the United Kingdom and South Korea and may also conduct certain future clinical trials outside of the United States. Additionally, while we have not taken any steps to enter into any non-U.S. markets, we may do so in the future. Accordingly, we are subject to risks related to operating in foreign countries, including: 
 different standards of care in various countries that could complicate the evaluation of our product candidates; 
 different United States and foreign drug import and export rules; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in certain countries; 
 unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; 
 economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 
 compliance with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 compliance with the FCPA and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws; 
 foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 
 foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 
 workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; 
 different payor reimbursement regimes, governmental payors or patient self-pay systems and price controls; 
 potential liability resulting from development work conducted by foreign partners; 
 business interruptions resulting from natural disasters, outbreaks of contagious diseases and other public health crises, such as COVID-19, or geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or systems failure including cybersecurity breaches; and 
 compliance with evolving and expansive foreign regulatory requirements, including data privacy laws (such as the GDPR). 
 81 

Additionally, in connection with the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. government and European Union countries have imposed enhanced export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. The U.S. government has also indicated it will consider imposing additional sanctions and other similar measures in the near future. Although we do not currently conduct any clinical trials in Russia or Ukraine, further escalation of geopolitical tensions could have a broader impact that expands into other markets where we do business or conduct certain research and development operations, which could adversely affect our business, our supply chain for our product candidates, our collaborators or our ability to carry out our clinical trials. 
 We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations. 
 We are presently conducting clinical development in Australia, New Zealand, Europe, the United Kingdom and South Korea and may choose to conduct additional international clinical trials in the future. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from paying, offering, promising or authorizing others to pay or offer anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. The FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are owned and operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, representatives, contractors, business partners and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Noncompliance with the FCPA and anti-corruption laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension and/or debarment from contracting with certain persons, the loss of export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. 
 In addition, our products, if approved, may be subject to export controls, trade sanctions laws and regulations. Governmental regulation of the import or export of our products, or our failure to obtain any required import or export authorization for our products, when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of our products may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets or, in some cases, prevent the export of our products to some countries altogether. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. If we fail to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges. Moreover, any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons, or products targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export our products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our research and development activities involve the use of biological and hazardous materials and produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials, which could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by our third-party manufacturers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages and such liability could exceed our resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and/or interrupt our business operations. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide 
 82 

adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not carry specific biological waste or hazardous waste insurance coverage, workers compensation or property and casualty and general liability insurance policies that include coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act, enacted many significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to the Tax Act may affect us, and certain aspects of the Tax Act could be repealed or modified in future legislation. In addition, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security, or CARES, Act was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act modifies certain of the changes made by the Tax Act. Changes in corporate tax rates, the realization of net deferred tax assets relating to our U.S. operations, and the deductibility of expenses under the Tax Act, as amended by the CARES Act, or future tax reform legislation could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges in the current or future taxable years, and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. The foregoing items, as well as any other future changes in tax laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. For example, the IRA includes provisions that will impact the U.S. federal income taxation of corporations, including imposing a minimum tax on the book income of certain large corporations and an excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases that would be imposed on the corporation repurchasing such stock. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act, as amended by the CARES Act, or newly enacted federal tax legislation. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards and certain tax credit carryforwards may be subject to limitation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 138.7 million of U.S. federal, 137.8 million of state and no foreign NOL carryforwards. Under the Tax Act, as modified by the CARES Act, federal NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of federal NOLs in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, is limited. The CARES Act also provides for the ability for companies to carry back net operating losses arising in tax years beginning after 2017 and before 2021 for up to 5 years. We evaluated the provisions of the CARES Act and, as a result, we received approximately 0.2 million as of December 31, 2020, related to the carry back of our 2019 NOL to claim a refund for prior federal tax liabilities and, as a result, our NOL carryforwards will be reduced. 
 Our NOL carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the U.S. and state tax authorities. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and research and development, or R D, credits to offset its post-change income may be limited. This could limit the amount of NOLs or R D credit carryforwards that we can utilize annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. Subsequent ownership changes and changes to the U.S. tax rules in respect of the utilization of NOLs and R D credits carried forward may further affect the limitation in future years. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 
 In February 2021, we completed a study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since our formation. The results of this study indicated that we experienced ownership changes as defined by Section 382 of the Code in 2016 and 2020. These ownership changes have subjected and will continue to subject our NOL carryforwards to an annual limitation, which will significantly restrict our ability to use them to offset our taxable income in periods following an ownership change. Based on the results of the study, management has determined that these limitations may have a material impact on our ability to utilize our NOLs and R D credit carryforwards to offset future tax liabilities. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 An active, liquid and orderly trading market may not develop for our common stock and as a result it may be difficult for you to sell your shares of our common stock. 
 Prior to our IPO in April 2020, there was no public market for shares of our common stock. Although our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our shares will develop or be sustained. In the absence of an active trading market for our common stock, investors may not be able to sell their shares of common stock without depressing the market price for the common stock, or may not be able to sell the shares at all. An inactive trading market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to enter into collaborations or acquire other companies or technologies using our shares as consideration. 
 83 

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or may fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, each of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline. 
 We expect our operating results to be subject to quarterly fluctuations. Our net loss and other operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including: 
 variations in the level of expense related to the ongoing development of our product candidates and preclinical development programs; 
 results of preclinical studies and future clinical trials, or the addition or termination of future clinical trials or funding support by us, or current or future collaborators or licensing partners; 
 our execution of any collaboration, licensing or similar arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under existing or future arrangements or the termination or modification of any such existing or future arrangements; 
 any intellectual property infringement lawsuit or opposition, interference or cancellation proceeding in which we may become involved; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 strategic decisions by us, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business strategy; 
 if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, the terms of such approval and market acceptance and demand for such product candidates; 
 regulatory developments affecting our product candidates; and 
 general economic conditions, as well as economic conditions specifically affecting the biopharmaceutical industry, including those related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 If our quarterly operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that quarterly comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile and fluctuate substantially. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and may fluctuate substantially as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are related in complex ways. The market price for our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the factors listed below and other factors described in this Risk Factors section: 
 results of preclinical studies and clinical trials of KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any other product candidate we may develop or those of our competitors; 
 actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 
 commencement or termination of collaboration, licensing or similar arrangements for our development programs; 
 announcements by our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, collaborations or capital commitments; 
 failure or discontinuation of any of our development programs; 
 results of clinical trials of product candidates of our competitors; 
 regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 
 developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 
 the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 the level of expenses related to the development of KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and any other product candidate we may develop; 
 variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 announcements or expectations of additional financing efforts by us; 
 sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or other stockholders; 
 recommendations and changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, that cover our stock; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 
 general economic, political, and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the financial markets in the United States and abroad; and 
 investors general perception of us and our business. 
 The stock market in general, and the markets for pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology stocks in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have been often unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the issuer. In addition, the trading prices for common stock of other pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions and a resulting global slowdown of economic activity. The extent to which these factors may impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. 
 84 

These and other market and industry factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, regardless of our actual operating performance, which may negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. 
 We could be subject to securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against public companies following declines in the market prices of their securities. This risk is especially relevant for biopharmaceutical companies, which have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and our resources, which could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner, we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. These sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 
 Pursuant to our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, or 2020 Plan, our management is authorized to grant stock options and other equity-based awards to our employees, directors and consultants. The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under our 2020 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, for a period of ten years, from January 1, 2021 continuing through January 1, 2030, by 4.0 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares as may be determined by our board of directors. If our board of directors elects to increase the number of shares available for future grant by the maximum amount each year, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 You should not rely on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. 
 Our executive officers, directors, and stockholders and their affiliates who beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock have the ability to exercise significant influence over our company, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our executive officers, directors and stockholders and their affiliates who beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock beneficially held a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, will be able to exercise significant influence over our management and affairs and the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any sale, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, this concentration of ownership might adversely affect the market price of our common stock by: 
 delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of our company; 
 impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving our company; or 
 discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 Conflicts of interest may arise because some members of our board of directors are representatives of our principal stockholders. 
 Certain of our principal stockholders or their affiliates are venture capital funds or other investment vehicles that could invest in entities that directly or indirectly compete with us. As a result of these relationships, conflicts may arise between the interests of the principal stockholders or their affiliates and the interests of other stockholders, and members of our board of directors that are representatives of such principal stockholders may not be disinterested in such conflicts. Neither the principal stockholders nor the representatives of the principal stockholders on our board of directors, by the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, are required to offer us any transaction opportunity of which they become aware and could take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it their other affiliates, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to them solely in their capacity as members of our board of directors. 
 85 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 
 If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales, particularly by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 In May 2021, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3, including a base prospectus and sales agreement prospectus, or the Registration Statement, which was automatically effective upon filing, for the issuance and sale of up to 150.0 million of shares of our common stock in sales deemed to be an at the market offering, as defined by the Securities Act. In December 2022, we filed a prospectus supplement to the Registration Statement for the issuance and sale of up to an additional 250.0 million of shares of our common stock. For so long as we qualify as a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, we may also issue an unspecified amount of shares of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants pursuant to the Registration Statement. 
 In addition, we have filed registration statements on Form S-8 registering the issuance of shares of common stock subject to options or other equity awards issued or reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. Shares registered under these registration statements on Form S-8 are available for sale in the public market subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options and the restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act in the case of our affiliates. In addition, certain holders of shares of our common stock have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. If we were to register the resale of these shares, they could be freely sold in the public market. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will rely, in part, on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which, in turn, could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 We will incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, we expect these rules and regulations to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain sufficient coverage. We are evaluating these rules and regulations, and cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. The increased costs may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our services. Moreover, these rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 We are an emerging growth company and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including (i) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (iii) exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory stockholder votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not approved previously. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be 
 86 

comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Until the date that we are no longer an emerging growth company or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that applies to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will disclose the date on which adoption is required for non-emerging growth companies and the date on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. 
 We could be an emerging growth company until December 31, 2025, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which occurs when the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30, or if we have total annual gross revenue of 1.235 billion or more during any fiscal year before that time, in which cases we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31, or if we issue more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during any three-year period before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company immediately. 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on the exemptions and reduced disclosure obligations applicable to emerging growth companies. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our share price may be more volatile. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually and disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. When we lose our status as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, we will need to implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. 
 We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. For example, our directors or executive officers could inadvertently fail to disclose a new relationship or arrangement causing us to fail to make a required related party transaction disclosure. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management 
 87 

team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 
 establish a classified board of directors such that not all members of the board are elected at one time; 
 allow the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 
 limit the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from the board; 
 establish advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings and nominations to our board of directors; 
 require that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit actions by our stockholders by written consent; 
 prohibit our stockholders from calling a special meeting of our stockholders; 
 authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a stockholder rights plan, or so-called poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors; and 
 require the approval of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the votes that all our stockholders would be entitled to cast to amend or repeal certain provisions of our charter or bylaws. 
 Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control transaction. They could also have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our common stock, including transactions that may be in your best interests. These provisions may also prevent changes in our management or limit the price that investors are willing to pay for our stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 
 any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; 
 any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; and 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum. 
 These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage these types of lawsuits. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. For example, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware recently determined that a provision stating that U.S. federal district courts are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act is not enforceable. However, on March 18, 2020, this decision was ultimately overturned by the Delaware Supreme Court. If a court were to find the exclusive-forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business. 
 88 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 In September 2021, we entered into an indenture of lease for approximately 35,662 square feet of office and laboratory space located at 1050 Waltham Street, Suite 302, Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, which terminates in February 2031. As of January 23, 2023, we moved our principal office to this property. Prior to that date, our principal office was located at 99 Hayden Avenue, Suite 120, Building E, Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, which provided approximately 15,622 square feet of office and laboratory space. The lease for the prior principal office will expire on March 31, 2023. 
 We believe that these facilities will be adequate for our near-term needs. If required, we believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may become subject to arbitration, litigation or claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any material arbitration or legal proceedings. The results of any future claims or proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and litigation costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 89 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on April 8, 2020 and trades under the symbol KROS. Prior to April 8, 2020, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Holders 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were 18 stockholders of record of our common stock, one of which is Cede Co., a nominee for Depository Trust Company, or DTC. All of the shares of common stock held by brokerage firms, banks and other financial institutions as nominees for beneficial owners are deposited into participant accounts at DTC, and are considered to be held of record by Cede Co. as one stockholder. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and, therefore, we do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payment of dividends present in any future debt agreements and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph below shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filing of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference therein. 
 The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between April 8, 2020 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Market) and December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return of (a) the Nasdaq Composite Index and (b) the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, over the same period. This graph assumes the investment of 100 on April 8, 2020 in our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index, and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The graph assumes our closing sales price on April 8, 2020 of 20.08 per share as the initial value of our common stock and not the initial offering price to the public of 16.00 per share. 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. 
 90 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 November 2020 Public Offering of Common Stock 
 On November 17, 2020, we closed a public offering in which we issued and sold an aggregate of 2,990,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 50.00 per share. All of the shares of common stock issued and sold in this public offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-250010), which was declared effective by the SEC on November 12, 2020. Jefferies LLC, SVB Securities LLC (formerly SVB Leerink LLC) and Piper Sandler Co. acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC acted as co-manager for the offering. The offering commenced on November 12, 2020, and, following the sale of the shares upon the closing of the offering, the offer terminated. 
 The aggregate net proceeds to us from the public offering were approximately 140.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us of approximately 9.4 million. No offering expenses were paid directly or indirectly to any of our directors or officers (or their associates) or persons owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or to any other affiliates. 
 There has been no material change in the use of proceeds from our public offering from those disclosed in the final prospectus for our public offering dated November 12, 2020 and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) of the Securities Act on November 13, 2020. 
 Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. 
 91 

Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel treatments for patients suffering from hematological, pulmonary and cardiovascular disorders with high unmet medical need. We are a leader in understanding the role of the transforming growth factor-beta, or TGF- , family of proteins, which are master regulators of red blood cell and platelet production as well as of the growth, repair and maintenance of a number of tissues, including blood vessels, skeletal muscle and heart tissue. We are leveraging this understanding to develop large and small molecules that have the potential to provide meaningful and potentially disease-modifying benefit to patients. Targeting TGF- signaling pathways has been clinically proven to elicit robust changes in blood cells, blood vessels , skeletal muscle and heart tissue, which we believe provides a precedent and strong rationale for our strategy. Our lead protein therapeutic product candidate, KER-050, is being developed for the treatment of low blood cell counts, or cytopenias, including anemia and thrombocytopenia, in patients with myelodysplastic syndromes, or MDS, and in patients with myelofibrosis. Our lead small molecule product candidate, KER-047, is being developed for the treatment of functional iron deficiency. Our third product candidate, KER-012, is being developed for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension, or PAH, and for the treatment of cardiovascular disorders. 
 Since our inception in 2015, we have devoted the majority of our efforts into business planning, research and development of our product candidates, including by conducting clinical trials and preclinical studies, raising capital and recruiting management and technical staff to support these operations. To date, we have not generated any revenue from product sales as none of our product candidates have been approved for commercialization. We have historically financed our operations primarily through the sale of convertible preferred stock and common stock and cash received from licensing agreements. 
 2021 ATM Sales Agreement 
 In May 2021, we entered into a Sales Agreement with SVB Securities LLC (formerly SVB Leerink LLC), or SVB Securities, as sales agent, which we refer to as the ATM Sales Agreement, under which we may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock, or the ATM Shares, through SVB Securities, which we refer to as the ATM Offering. In May 2021, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3, which we refer to as the Shelf Registration Statement, including a base prospectus and sales agreement prospectus, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, which became effective immediately upon filing, for the issuance and sale of up to 150.0 million of shares of our common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement. In December 2022, we filed a prospectus supplement to the Shelf Registration Statement for the issuance and sale, if any, of up to an additional 250.0 million of shares of our common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement. Under the ATM Sales Agreement, SVB Securities may sell the ATM Shares by methods deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We may sell the ATM Shares in amounts and at times to be determined by us from time to time subject to the terms and conditions of the ATM Sales Agreement, but we have no obligation to sell any of the ATM Shares in the ATM Offering. In December 2021, we raised gross proceeds of 28.6 million pursuant to the ATM Offering through the sale of 520,000 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 55.00 per share. The net proceeds from the ATM Offering were approximately 28.1 million after deducting sales agent commissions of 0.4 million and offering expenses of 0.1 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we raised additional gross proceeds of 121.4 million pursuant to the ATM Offering through the sale of 3,410,384 shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 35.60 per share. The net proceeds from the ATM Offering for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 119.4 million after deducting sales agent commissions of 1.8 million and offering expenses of 0.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, we may offer and sell ATM shares at an aggregate offering price of up to the remaining 250.0 million available under the ATM Offering. 
 We have incurred recurring operating losses since inception in 2015. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend on the successful development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates. Our net loss was 104.7 million and 58.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 228.4 million. We expect to continue to generate operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future in connection with our ongoing activities. 
 We will not generate any revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our product candidates. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant expenses related to developing our internal commercialization capability to support product sales, marketing and distribution. 
 As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our operating activities as we advance our product candidates through clinical development, seek regulatory approval and prepare for and, if any of our product candidates are approved, proceed to commercialization. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operating activities through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and license and development agreements in connection with any future collaborations. Adequate funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 If we are unable to obtain funding, we will be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect our business 
 92 

prospects, or we may be unable to continue operations. Although we continue to pursue these plans, there is no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining sufficient funding on terms acceptable to us to fund continuing operations, if at all. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 279.0 million. We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, together with the net proceeds from the ATM Offering through February 28, 2023, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the third quarter of 2025. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Known Trends, Events and Uncertainties 
 We have implemented business continuity plans designed to address and mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other public health crises on our employees and our business operations, including our preclinical studies and clinical trials, supply chains and third-party providers. The COVID-19 situation and government measures taken in response have also had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on third-party businesses and commerce, as worker shortages have occurred; supply chains have been disrupted; and facilities and production have been delayed or suspended. While we are experiencing limited financial impacts on us at this time, given the global economic slowdown, the overall disruption of global healthcare systems and the other risks and uncertainties associated with the pandemic, particularly in light of variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. Recently, President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on May 11, 2023. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on FDA and other regulatory policies and operations are unclear. 
 Additionally, the recent trends towards rising inflation may also materially affect our business and corresponding financial position and cash flows. Inflationary factors, such as increases in the cost of materials and supplies relating to our clinical trials, interest rates and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Rising interest rates also present a recent challenge impacting the U.S. economy and could make it more difficult for us to obtain traditional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future. Additionally, the general consensus among economists suggests that we should expect a higher recession risk to continue over the next year, which, together with the foregoing, could result in further economic uncertainty and volatility in the capital markets in the near term, and could negatively affect our operations. Furthermore, such economic conditions have produced downward pressure on share prices. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, we may experience increases in the near future (especially if inflation rates continue to rise) on our operating costs, including our labor costs and research and development costs, due to supply chain constraints, consequences associated with public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and global geopolitical tension as a result of the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, worsening global macroeconomic conditions and employee availability and wage increases, which may result in additional stress on our working capital resources. 
 Preclinical and Clinical Developments 
 With respect to preclinical and clinical development, we have taken measures to implement remote and virtual approaches, including remote participant monitoring where possible, to maintain participant safety and trial continuity and to preserve study integrity. For several of our clinical development programs, we are experiencing, and expect to continue to experience, a disruption or delay in our ability to initiate trial sites and enroll and assess participants. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience an impact on our ability to enroll participants in our clinical trials. Additionally, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience an impact on the ability to supply study drug, report trial results or interact with clinicians, investigators, regulators, ethics committees or other important agencies due to limitations in regulatory authority employee resources or otherwise. In addition, we rely on contract research organizations, or CROs, or other third parties to assist us with clinical trials, and we cannot guarantee that they will continue to perform their contractual duties in a timely and satisfactory manner as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We could experience significant disruptions to our preclinical and clinical development timelines, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Supply Chain 
 As for our third-party manufacturers, distributors and other partners, we are working closely with them to manage our supply chain activities and mitigate potential disruptions to our clinical supply as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect to have adequate supply for the development of our product candidates. However, if the COVID-19 pandemic continues to persist and impact essential distribution systems such as FedEx and postal delivery, we could experience disruptions to our supply chain and operations, and associated delays in the manufacturing and supply of our product candidates, which would adversely impact our ability to carry out our clinical trials. In addition, we may experience supply chain constraints in the future due to rising inflation rates as labor costs, material costs and overall research and development costs continue to increase. We do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date. 
 Financial Impact 
 Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions and resulting global slowdown of economic activity continue to rapidly evolve and have already resulted in a significant disruption of global financial markets. If the disruption persists and deepens, we could experience an inability to access additional capital, which could in the future 
 93 

negatively affect our operations. While we expect these factors to adversely affect our business operations, our clinical development and regulatory efforts, our corporate development objectives and the value of and market for our common stock will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence at this time, as a result of uncertainty regarding ultimate duration of the pandemic, particularly in light of variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, travel restrictions, quarantines, social distancing and business closure requirements in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, the United Kingdom and South Korea and the effectiveness of actions taken globally to contain and treat the disease. 

Licensing Agreements 
 2016 Exclusive Patent License Agreement with The General Hospital Corporation 
 In April 2016, we entered into an exclusive patent license agreement with The General Hospital Corporation, or MGH, which was subsequently amended in May 2017 and February 2018. Under the license agreement with MGH, or the MGH Agreement, we obtained an exclusive, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, under certain patents and technical information of MGH, to make, have made, use, have used, sell, have sold, lease, have leased, import, have imported or otherwise transfer licensed products and processes for use in the treatment, diagnosis, palliation and prevention of diseases and disorders in humans and animals. We are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products and processes, and must achieve certain required diligence milestones. 
 Under the terms of the MGH Agreement, we made an initial license payment of 0.1 million in 2016 and reimbursed MGH approximately 0.3 million of prior patent prosecution expenses related to the licensed patents in 2017. We also issued MGH an aggregate of 358,674 shares of our common stock. Additionally, we are required to pay a nominal annual maintenance fee prior to the first commercial sale of our first product or process, a mid-five digit annual maintenance fee after the first commercial sale of our first product or process that is creditable against royalties, certain clinical and regulatory milestone payments for the first three products or indications to achieve such milestones, which milestone payments are 8.6 million in the aggregate, and certain commercial milestone payments for the first three products or indications to achieve such milestones, which milestone payments are 18.0 million in the aggregate. We made payments of 50,000 and 300,000 in 2020 and 2021, respectively, for the achievement of the clinical and regulatory milestones of (i) filing of an IND in the first country and (ii) the completion of a Phase 1 clinical trial, respectively. We are also obligated to pay tiered royalties on net sales of licensed products ranging in the low-single digits to mid-single digits. The royalty rates are subject to up to a maximum 50 reduction for lack of a valid claim, in the event that it is necessary for us to obtain a license to any third-party intellectual property related to the licensed products, and generic competition. The obligation to pay royalties under the MGH Agreement expires on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis upon the later of expiry of the last valid claim of the licensed patents that cover such licensed product in such country and ten years from the first commercial sale of such product in such country. We are also obligated to pay a percentage of non-royalty-related payments received by us from sublicensees ranging in the sub-teen double digits and a change of control fee equal to a low-single digit percentage of the payments received as part of any completed transaction up to a low-seven digit amount. 
 Neurona Therapeutics Inc., License Agreement 
 On June 22, 2021, we entered into a license agreement, or the Neurona Agreement, with Neurona Therapeutics, Inc., or Neurona. Under the Neurona Agreement, we granted Neurona a non-exclusive license to use LDN-193189, an early-stage research compound, which we license from a third party, solely as a reagent in connection with the manufacturing of diagnostic and/or therapeutic products to make, have made, use, import, offer for sale and sell products and services arising therefrom, and to make, have made, acquire, transfer, import and export the compound for such use. The license excludes Neurona from any rights to use, sell or distribute the compound for any therapeutic or diagnostic purpose. Unless terminated by either party for breach of contract or insolvency, the Neurona Agreement will continue in perpetuity until the last patent expires. Under the Neurona Agreement, we received a one-time, upfront license fee of 0.1 million from Neurona in July 2021. 
 2021 License Agreement with Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd. 
 On December 12, 2021, we entered into a license agreement with Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd., or Hansoh. Under the terms of the license agreement with Hansoh, or the Hansoh Agreement, we granted to Hansoh the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize KER-050 and licensed products containing KER-050 within the territories of mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, which we refer to collectively as the Territory. 
 In connection with the Hansoh Agreement, Hansoh will purchase clinical trial supply of KER-050 from us, and the parties will also negotiate in good faith to enter into an agreement for commercial supply prior to any anticipated commercialization in the Territory. In addition, Hansoh will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize licensed products in any region in the Territory. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Hansoh Agreement, we received a net 18.0 million upfront payment in January 2022. In addition to the upfront payment, we are entitled to receive up to an aggregate of (i) 26.5 million upon the achievement of specified development milestones and (ii) 144.0 million upon the achievement of specified net sales thresholds for all licensed products in the Territory. If a licensed product is approved for marketing in the Territory, we will be entitled to receive 
 94 

royalty payments based on a tiered percentage of annual net sales in each region within the Territory, with such percentage ranging from the low double digit to high teens, subject to specified potential royalty reductions. 
 Hansoh s obligation to pay royalties for a given licensed product in a given region in the Territory will begin on the date of the first commercial sale for such licensed product in such region and continue until the latest of (i) ten years from the date of the first commercial sale for such licensed product in such region, (ii) the expiration of the last valid claim of certain licensed patents or joint patents, and (iii) expiration of regulatory exclusivity in such region. During the royalty term, neither party will directly or indirectly commercialize a competing product in the Territory. 

Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue, and do not expect to generate any revenue in the foreseeable future, from product sales. We have generated revenue solely from research collaborations or licensing of intellectual property. We may in the future generate revenue from other strategic collaborations. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for our research activities, including our discovery efforts and the preclinical and clinical development of our current and potential future product candidates, and include: 
 salaries, benefits and other related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, for personnel engaged in research and development functions; 
 expenses incurred under agreements with third parties, including CROs that conduct research, preclinical and clinical activities on our behalf, as well as contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, that manufacture drug product for use in our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 license fees incurred in connection with license agreements; 
 research and development supplies and services expenses; 
 facility-related expenses, which include direct depreciation costs and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and other operating costs; 
 cost of outside consultants, including their fees and related travel expenses, engaged in research and development functions; 
 expenses related to regulatory affairs; and 
 fees related to our scientific advisory board. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. Costs for external development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information provided to us by our vendors. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual agreements, which may differ from the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected in our consolidated financial statements as prepaid or accrued research and development expenses. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses and expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 
 Research and development activities are central to our business model. We expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue ongoing and initiate new clinical trials for our product candidates and continue to discover and develop additional product candidates. We expect research and development expenses to fluctuate from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of clinical trial activities, clinical manufacturing and other development activities. If any of our product candidates enter into later stages of clinical development, they will generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. There are numerous factors associated with the successful commercialization of any product candidates we may develop in the future, including future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of which cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based on our stage of development. Additionally, future commercial and regulatory factors beyond our control will impact our clinical development program and plans. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related costs, including stock-based compensation, for personnel in our executive, finance, corporate and business development and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include professional fees for legal, patent, accounting, information technology, auditing, tax and consulting services, and travel expenses and facility-related expenses, which include direct depreciation costs and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and other operating costs. 
 We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as we increase our headcount to support our continued research and development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. As a result of our initial public offering, or IPO, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur increased expenses associated with being a public 
 95 

company, including costs of accounting, audit, legal, regulatory and tax compliance services, director and officer insurance costs, and investor and public relations costs. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net primarily consists of interest earned on money market accounts and interest expense related to leasehold improvement debt amortization. Our interest expense, net has not been significant to date. 
 Research and Development Incentive Income 
 Research and development incentive income includes payments under the Research and Development Tax Incentive, or the R D Incentive, from the Australian government. The R D Incentive is one of the key elements of the Australian government s support for Australia s innovation system and was developed to assist businesses recover some of the costs of undertaking research and development. Since July 1, 2021, the R D Incentive has provided a non-refundable tax offset up to 16.5 above our underlying income tax rate, as we qualified as an eligible company with an aggregated turnover of more than 20.0 million per annum that engages in research and development activities. 
 We have assessed our research and development activities and expenditures to determine which activities and expenditures are likely to be eligible under the R D Incentive. We estimate the non-refundable tax offset available to us based on available information at the time. This estimate is also reviewed by our external tax advisors on an annual basis. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of unrealized gains on foreign currency and dividend income earned on money market fund accounts. 
 Income Tax (Provision) Benefit 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our consolidated financial statements and tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and for loss and credit carryforwards, using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect in the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that these assets may not be realized. We determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination. If it is not more likely than not that a position will be sustained, none of the benefit attributable to the position is recognized. The tax benefit to be recognized for any tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon resolution of the contingency. We account for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. 
 
 96 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 REVENUE: Research collaboration revenue 20,100 Total revenue 20,100 OPERATING EXPENSES: Research and development (87,265) (55,143) General and administrative (27,525) (21,330) Total operating expenses (114,790) (76,473) LOSS FROM OPERATIONS (114,790) (56,373) OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET: Interest expense, net (1) (4) Research and development incentive income 7,081 Other income (expense), net 3,031 (356) Total other income (expense), net 10,111 (360) Loss before income taxes (104,679) (56,733) Income tax provision (2,011) Net loss (104,679) (58,744) 
 Revenue 
 We did not recognize any revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of (i) a one-time license fee of 0.1 million under the Neurona Agreement and (ii) an upfront fee of 20.0 million under the Hansoh Agreement, whereby we granted to Hansoh the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize KER-050 and licensed products containing KER-050 within the Territory. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, INCREASE/ (DECREASE) 2022 2021 KER-050 24,492 16,515 7,977 KER-047 3,101 3,135 (34) KER-012 12,433 13,072 (639) Preclinical and development fees 12,130 5,360 6,770 Personnel expenses (including stock-based compensation) 27,683 13,275 14,408 Professional fees 3,844 2,671 1,173 Facilities and supplies 2,546 741 1,805 Other expenses 1,036 374 662 87,265 55,143 32,122 
 
 Research and development expenses were 87.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 55.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 32.1 million was primarily due to an increase in program-related costs, including (i) a net increase of 8.0 million of KER-050-related expenses, primarily driven by (a) a 5.0 million increase in clinical and preclinical program activities due to the progression of our two Phase 2 clinical trials of KER-050, one in patients with MDS and one in patients with myelofibrosis and (b) an increase of 3.0 million in manufacturing activities; (ii) a 6.8 million increase in preclinical pipeline and development activities; (iii) a 14.4 million increase in personnel costs, including additional stock-based compensation costs driven by the increase in headcount to support the advancement of our pipeline; (iv) a 1.2 million increase in professional fees to support our organizational growth and the continued advancements in our pipeline; and (v) a 2.5 million increase in facilities and supplies and other expenses due to the continued growth of our organization. These increases were offset by a net decrease of 0.6 million of KER-012-related expenses, which was driven by a 2.3 million decrease in manufacturing costs and preclinical activities, partially offset by a 
 97 

1.6 million increase in activities to support the clinical advancement of the program. We expect research and development expenses to fluctuate from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of clinical trial activities, clinical manufacturing and other development activities. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 27.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 21.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 6.2 million was primarily due to (i) a 5.2 million increase in personnel expenses, which includes additional stock-based compensation costs, to support our organizational growth and achievement of our corporate goals; (ii) a 0.7 million increase in facilities, supplies and other office expenses due to growth of our organization; and (iii) a 0.3 million increase in professional fees and director and officer insurance premiums. 
 Total Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Total other income (expense), net was 10.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to (0.4) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 10.5 million is related to (i) an increase of 7.1 million in R D Incentive income in Australia; and (ii) an increase of 3.6 million in dividend income, partially offset by 0.3 million primarily related to unrealized foreign exchange loss. 
 Income Tax (Provision) Benefit 
 Income tax provision was zero for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.0 million tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 2.0 million in income tax provision is attributed to withholding taxes related to the taxable income generated in 2021 from the Hansoh Agreement. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. Our net losses were 104.7 million and 58.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 228.4 million and 123.8 million, respectively. To date, we have devoted the majority of our efforts into business planning, research and development of our product candidates, including conducting clinical trials and preclinical studies, raising capital and recruiting management and technical staff to support these operations. Our primary uses of cash are to fund operating expenses, primarily research and development expenditures. We expect our expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance the preclinical activities and clinical trials of our product candidates. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company, including significant legal, accounting, investor relations, director and officer insurance premiums and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. 
 We do not have any products approved for sale. We do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our product candidates, which we expect will take a number of years. Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through equity financings and through research collaborations or licensing of intellectual property. 
 On May 3, 2021, we filed the Shelf Registration Statement, which permits us to offer, from time to time, an unspecified amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants. We simultaneously entered into the ATM Sales Agreement with SVB Securities, as agent, to provide for the issuance and sale by us of the ATM Shares from time to time in at the market offerings under the Shelf Registration Statement, which we refer to as the ATM Program. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold a total of 3,930,384 shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM Offering for aggregate net proceeds of approximately 147.5 million after deducting sales agent commissions and estimated offering expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold a total of 3,410,384 shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM Offering for aggregate net proceeds of 119.4 million after deducting sales agent commissions and estimated offering expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we were eligible to offer and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock for an aggregate offering amount of up to the remaining 250.0 million available under the ATM Program. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 279.0 million. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our projected liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of our product candidates and programs, and because the extent to which we may enter into collaborations with third parties for development of our product candidates is unknown, we are unable to estimate the timing and amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the research and development of our product candidates. Our future funding requirements, both near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including: 
 the progress, timing and completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current or any future product candidates, as well as the associated costs, including any unforeseen costs we may incur as a result of preclinical study or clinical trial delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic or other causes; 
 the timing and amount of milestone and royalty payments we are required to make or are eligible to receive under our license agreements with each of The General Hospital Corporation and Hansoh; 
 98 

the number of potential new product candidates we identify and decide to develop; 
 the need for additional or expanded preclinical studies and clinical trials beyond those that we plan to conduct with respect to our current and future product candidates; 
 the costs involved in growing our organization to the size needed to allow for the research, development and potential commercialization of our current or any future product candidates; 
 the costs involved in filing patent applications, maintaining and enforcing patents or defending against infringement or other claims raised by third parties; 
 the maintenance of our existing license and collaboration agreements and the entry into new license and collaboration agreements; 
 the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates and any delays we may encounter as a result of evolving regulatory requirements or adverse results with respect to any of our product candidates; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 the costs of operating as a public company; 
 the cost of manufacturing KER-050, KER-047, KER-012 and future product candidates for clinical trials in preparation for marketing approval and in preparation for commercialization; 
 the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval in regions where we choose to commercialize our products, if approved, on our own; 
 the amount of revenues, if any, we may derive either directly or in the form of royalty payments from future sales of our product candidates, if approved; and 
 market acceptance of any approved product candidates. 
 In addition, public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions and resulting global slowdown of economic activity continue to rapidly evolve and have already resulted in a significant disruption of global financial markets. If the disruption persists and deepens, we could experience an inability to access additional capital when and if needed. If we are unable to obtain funding, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs and clinical development efforts, which would adversely affect our business prospects, or we may be unable to continue operations. We do not have any committed external source of funds or other support for our development efforts and we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Until we can generate sufficient product or royalty revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we expect to finance our future cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing or distribution arrangements. Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 
 YEAR ENDED 
 DECEMBER 31, 
 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (70,062) (62,148) Net cash used in investing activities (1,241) (1,024) Net cash provided by financing activities 120,309 28,550 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash 49,006 (34,622) 
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 70.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was driven by a net loss of 104.7 million, partially offset by a 14.3 million increase in net cash provided by operating assets and liabilities and non-cash charges, 18.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, 0.9 million in lease expenses and 0.7 million in depreciation. The 14.3 million of cash provided by operating assets and liabilities was primarily comprised of (i) an 18.0 million decrease in accounts receivable and (ii) a 4.9 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses to support the advancement of our programs, which was partially offset by (a) a 4.9 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets due to timing of expense recognition for our research and development costs and (b) 3.7 million change in our operating lease liabilities. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 62.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was driven by a net loss of 58.7 million and 16.1 million in cash used in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by non-cash charges, including 11.7 million of stock-based compensation expense and 0.4 million in depreciation. The 16.1 million of cash used in operating assets and liabilities was primarily comprised of (i) an 18.0 million increase in accounts receivable from the 20.0 million upfront payment pursuant to the Hansoh Agreement, net of 2.0 million in withholding tax; and (ii) a 1.5 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets due to timing of expense recognition for our research and development costs, 
 99 

which was partially offset by a 4.1 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses to support the advancement of our programs. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 1.2 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash used in investing activities in both periods was due to purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 120.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily related to (i) net proceeds of 119.5 million received from sales of our common stock under the ATM Program, after deducting sales agent commissions and offering expenses; and (ii) proceeds of 0.8 million related to exercises of options to purchase common stock. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 28.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily related to (i) net proceeds of 28.2 million received from sales of our common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement, after deducting sales agent commissions and before deducting offering expenses; and (ii) proceeds of 0.4 million related to exercises of options to purchase common stock. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We may incur contingent payments upon our achievement of clinical, regulatory and commercial milestones, as applicable, or royalty payments that we are required to make under the MGH Agreement pursuant to which we have in-licensed certain intellectual property. Due to the uncertainty of the achievement and timing of the events requiring payment under these agreements, the amounts to be paid by us are not fixed or determinable at this time and are excluded from the table above. 
 Under the terms of the MGH Agreement, we are obligated to pay MGH designated amounts when any licensed product achieves certain developmental milestones. Following the commencement of commercial sales of the licensed products, we will pay designated amounts when certain milestone events occur. The development milestones and commercial milestones range from 50,000 to 10.0 million depending upon the significance of the particular milestone. We are also required to pay MGH royalties on all sales of licensed products, with such royalties ranging from the low-single digits to mid-single digits of sales, as well as royalties ranging in the low-double digits of sublicense income depending on the stage of development of the relevant product or process when the sublicense is granted. In conjunction with the execution of the MGH Agreement, we issued MGH 5 of our outstanding fully diluted capital on April 15, 2016, or 358,674 shares of common stock, for proceeds of less than 0.1 million. 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 and the effects such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in thousands): 
 PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD TOTAL LESS THAN 1 YEAR 1 TO 3 YEARS 4 TO 5 YEARS MORE THAN 5 YEARS Operating lease commitments 20,179 1,741 6,808 4,886 6,744 Total 20,179 1,741 6,808 4,886 6,744 
 
 In March 2017, we entered into a lease agreement with 99 Hayden LLC for our previous headquarters located in Lexington, Massachusetts. In July and August 2019, we executed the first and second amendments to our lease, respectively, to expand the rental space to 10,417 square feet. In August 2021, we entered into a third amendment to our lease to extend the lease term through March 31, 2023 and to expand the rental space to 15,622 square feet. 
 On September 7, 2021, we entered into an indenture of lease, or the 1050 Waltham Lease, with Revolution Labs Owner, LLC, or the Landlord, pursuant to which we are leasing approximately 35,662 square feet of office, laboratory and vivarium space located at 1050 Waltham Street, Lexington, Massachusetts, or the Premises, for our new principal executive office. In December 2022, we received access to a portion of the Premises pertaining to the office and laboratory space, or the Initial Premises, which is considered a distinct lease component. The portion of the Premises pertaining to the vivarium space, or the Vivarium Premises, was not made available for use by the Landlord as improvement work was still in progress. The 1050 Waltham Lease is expected to expire on July 31, 2031. 
 The table above includes future minimum lease payments under the non-cancelable lease arrangement with 99 Hayden LLC and for the general office and laboratory component of the 1050 Waltham Lease. The Vivarium Premises had not yet been made available to us as of December 31, 2022, therefore the commitment of 2.2 million, undiscounted, associated with this component is not included in the table above. The Vivarium Premises component of the 1050 Waltham Lease is currently expected to commence in the first half of 2023. 
 
 100 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, costs and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in greater detail in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 To date, our revenues have consisted solely of payments received related to research collaborations or licensing of intellectual property. We apply the revenue recognition guidance in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Subtopic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, or ASC 606, which was adopted January 1, 2018 using the full retrospective method. Under ASC 606, we recognize revenue when our customers obtain control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. 
 To determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized for arrangements determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (i) identification of the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) we satisfy each performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that we will collect consideration we are entitled to in exchange for the goods or services we transfer to our customer. All variable consideration, including milestones and royalties, is constrained until the cumulative revenue related to the consideration is no longer probable of reversal. 
 The consideration allocated to each performance obligation is recognized as revenue when control is transferred for the related goods or services. For performance obligations which consist of licenses and other promises, we utilize judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress. We evaluate the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjust the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. We currently measure progress according to the expenditure of research and development efforts, based on costs incurred, as this is the best indicator of performance. 
 We receive payments from our customers based on billing schedules established in each contract. Upfront payments and fees are recorded as deferred revenue upon receipt or when due until we satisfy our obligations under these arrangements. Amounts are recorded as accounts receivable when our right to consideration is unconditional. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued research and development expenses. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in the consolidated financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the expense. In accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, we adjust the accrual or the amount of prepaid expenses accordingly. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have not been any material adjustments to our prior estimates of accrued research and development expenses. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for all stock-based compensation awards granted to employees and non-employees as stock-based compensation expense at fair value. Our stock-based payments include stock options and grants of common stock, including common stock subject to vesting. The measurement date for awards is the date of grant, and stock-based compensation costs are recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, on a straight-line basis. Our Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected volatility of the price of our common stock and the expected term of the award. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the 
 101 

application of management s judgment. If factors change and these assumptions either increase or decrease, our stock-based compensation expense could materially differ in the future. Stock-based compensation expense is classified in the accompanying statements of operations based on the function to which the related services are provided. We recognize stock-based compensation expense for the portion of awards that have vested. Forfeitures are recorded as they occur. The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 
 (1) 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 
 In April 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Therefore, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and, as a result, we will not adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies. 
 In addition, as an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: 
 reduced disclosure about the compensation paid to our executive officers; 
 not being required to submit to our stockholders advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; 
 an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and 
 an exemption from new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies and from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotation. 
 We may take advantage of these exemptions until December 31, 2025 or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company on the date that is the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (2) December 31, 2025; (3) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (4) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. We may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these exemptions. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of interest rate sensitivities. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 279.0 million and 230.0 million, respectively. Our exposure to interest rate sensitivity is impacted by changes in the underlying U.S. bank interest rates. Our surplus cash has been invested in money market fund accounts as well as interest-bearing savings accounts from time to time. We have not entered into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the conservative nature of our investment portfolio, which is predicated on capital preservation of investments with short-term maturities, we do not believe an immediate one percentage point change in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio, and therefore we do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be significantly affected by changes in market interest rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no debt outstanding that is subject to interest rate variability, as our only debt is related to our lease incentive allowance. Therefore, we are not subject to interest rate risk related to debt. 
 102 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The information required by this Item 8 is contained beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework) (COSO). Based on its assessment, management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for an "emerging growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We have not experienced any material impact to our internal controls over financial reporting despite the fact that certain of our employees are continuing their work outside of our office due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are continually monitoring and assessing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our internal controls to minimize any potential impact on the design and operating effectiveness of such controls. 
 103 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management recognizes that any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain judgments and assumptions and cannot provide absolute assurance that its objectives will be met. Similarly, an evaluation of controls cannot provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or our 2023 Proxy Statement, with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be included under the headers Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Executive Officers and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or the Code of Conduct, applicable to all of our employees, executive officers and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A current copy of the Code of Conduct is available on the Investors section of our website, www.kerostx.com, under "Corporate Governance." We intend to disclose on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Conduct that are required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC rules. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included under the header Executive Compensation in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included under the header Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included under the header Transactions with Related Persons in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included under the header Proposal 2 - Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 104 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) The Consolidated Financial Statements required to be filed by Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and filed in this Item 15, are as follows: 
 PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 6 
 
 (2) The Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto listed in (a)(1) above. 
 (3) Exhibits are incorporated herein by reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated below 
 (b) Exhibits 
 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION FORM FILE NO. EXHIBIT FILING DATE 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-39264 3.1 April 13, 2020 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-39264 3.2 April 13, 2020 4.1 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement by and among the registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated as of March 2, 2020. 
 S-1 333-237212 4.1 March 16, 2020 4.2 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1/A 333-237212 4.2 April 1, 2020 4.3 Description of the Registrant s Securities. 
 10.1 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the registrant and its directors and officers. 
 S-1/A 333-237212 10.1 April 1, 2020 10.2+ 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 S-1 333-237212 10.2 March 16, 2020 10.3+ Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Option Agreement for the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 S-1 333-237212 10.3 March 16, 2020 10.4+ 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-237212 10.4 April 1, 2020 10.5+ Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement, Notice of Exercise, Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-237212 10.5 April 1, 2020 10.6+ 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-237212 10.6 April 1, 2020 10.7+ Offer Letter Agreement by and between the registrant and Jasbir Seehra, dated as of December 14, 2015. 
 S-1 333-237212 10.7 March 16, 2020 10.8+ Offer Letter Agreement by and between the registrant and Jenn Lachey, dated as of April 20, 2016. 
 S-1 333-237212 10.8 March 16, 2020 
 105 

10.9# Exclusive Patent License Agreement by and between the registrant and The General Hospital Corporation, d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital, or MGH, dated as of April 5, 2016, as amended by Amendment #1 by and between the registrant and The Brigham and Women s Hospital, Inc. on May 12, 2017 and by Amendment #2 by and between the registrant and MGH on February 23, 2018. 
 S-1 333-237212 10.10 March 16, 2020 10.10# License Agreement by and between the registrant and Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd., dated as of December 12, 2021, as amended by Amendment No. 1 by and between the registrant and Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd., dated as of February 10, 2022. 
 10-K 001-39264 10.10 March 9, 2022 10.11 # Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 11, 2022, and Amendment No. 3, dated as of December 11, 2022, to License Agreement by and between the registrant and Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd. 
 10.12 Lease Agreement by and between the registrant and 128 Spring Street Lexington, LLC, dated March 20, 2017, as amended by the First Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between the registrant and 128 Spring Street Lexington, LLC, dated July 1, 2019 and by the Second Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between the registrant and 128 Spring Street Lexington, LLC, dated August 8, 2019. 
 S-1 333-237212 10.12 March 16, 2020 10.13 Third Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between the registrant and 99 Hayden LLC, dated August 4, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-39264 10.3 August 5, 2021 10.14+ Offer Letter Agreement by and between the registrant and Keith Regnante, dated as of February 7, 2020. 
 S-1 333-237212 10.13 March 16, 2020 10.15+ Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Jasbir Seehra, dated as of March 31, 2020, effective as of April 13, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-237212 10.14 April 1, 2020 10.16+ Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Jenn Lachey, dated as of March 31, 2020, effective as of April 13, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-237212 10.15 April 1, 2020 10.17+ Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Keith Regnante, dated as of March 31, 2020, effective as of April 13, 2020. 
 S-1/A 333-237212 10.17 April 1, 2020 10.18+ Separation and Release Agreement by and between the registrant and Claudia Ordonez, dated and effective as of July 30, 2021. 
 8-K 001-39264 10.1 August 2, 2021 10.19+ Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Simon Cooper, dated as of July 30, 2021 effective as of August 2, 2021. 
 8-K 001-39264 10.2 August 2, 2021 10.20+ Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Christopher Rovaldi, dated as of January 28, 2022 effective as of February 1, 2022. 
 8-K 001-39264 10.1 January 31, 2022 10.21+ First Amendment to the Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Jenn Lachey, dated as of January 1, 2022. 
 10-K 001-39264 10.20 March 9, 2022 10.22+ First Amendment to the Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Keith Regnante, dated as of January 1, 2022. 
 10-K 001-39264 10.21 March 9, 2022 10.23+ First Amendment to the Employment Agreement by and between the registrant and Simon Cooper, dated as of January 1, 2022. 
 10-K 001-39264 10.22 March 9, 2022 10.24+ Amendment to Offer Letter by and between the registrant and Jennifer Lachey, dated August 1, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-39264 10.1 November 3, 2022 
 106 

10.25 Indenture of Lease by and between the registrant and Revolution Labs Owner, LLC, dated September 7, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-39264 10.1 November 4, 2021 21.1 Subsidiaries of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data is embedded within the Inline XBRL document or included within the Exhibit 101 attachments 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith and not deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 # Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted because they are not material and would likely cause competitive harm to Keros Therapeutics, Inc. if publicly disclosed. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 107 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Keros Therapeutics, Inc. Date: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ Jasbir Seehra Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES 
 KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D. and Keith Regnante, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution for him or her, and in his or her name in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 NAME TITLE DATE /s/ Jasbir Seehra Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 3, 2023 Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D. 
 /s/ Keith Regnante Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 3, 2023 Keith Regnante 
 /s/ Nima Farzan Director March 3, 2023 Nima Farzan 
 /s/ Carl Gordon Director March 3, 2023 Carl Gordon, Ph.D., C.F.A. 
 /s/ Mary Ann Gray Director March 3, 2023 Mary Ann Gray, Ph.D. 
 /s/ Tomer Kariv Director March 3, 2023 Tomer Kariv 
 /s/ Julius Knowles Director March 3, 2023 Julius Knowles 
 /s/ Ran Nussbaum Director March 3, 2023 Ran Nussbaum 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 34)) 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 5 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 6 

F-2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, statements of stockholders equity and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 

March 3, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 
 F-1 

KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Property and equipment, net Restricted cash Other long term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 11) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Preferred stock, par value of per share; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value of per share; and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-2 

KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 REVENUE: Research collaboration revenue Total revenue OPERATING EXPENSES: Research and development ) ) General and administrative ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) LOSS FROM OPERATIONS ) ) OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET: Interest expense, net ) ) Research and development incentive income Other income (expense), net ) Total other income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax provision ) Net loss ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted Weighted-average common stock outstanding basic and diluted 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 COMMON STOCK 
 PAR VALUE 
 ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL ACCUMULATED DEFICIT TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY SHARES AMOUNT BALANCE, January 1, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock under the ATM agreement, net of commissions and offering cost of 
 Exercise of common stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) BALANCE, December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock under the ATM agreement, net of commissions and offering cost of 
 Exercise of common stock options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) BALANCE, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Loss on disposal of fixed asset Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash lease expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of offering cost Payment of issuance costs ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Property and equipment purchases still in accounts payable Issuance cost still in accrued and accounts payable Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligation 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of the cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as of each of the periods shown above: 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 million in common stock in sales deemed to be an at the market offering, as defined by the Securities Act, and, so long as the Company qualifies as a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, an unspecified amount of shares of the Company common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants. In December 2022, the Company filed a prospectus supplement to the Shelf Registration Statement for the issuance and sale, if any, of up to an additional million in common stock in sales deemed to be an at the market offering, as defined by the Securities Act. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of the Company continuing as a going concern for the next 12 months. Management believes that the Company s existing million in cash and cash equivalents, will allow the Company to continue its operations for at least the next 12 months. In the absence of a significant source of recurring revenue, the continued viability of the Company beyond that point is dependent on its ability to continue to raise additional capital to finance its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funding, the Company may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate some or all of its research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect its business prospects, or the Company may be unable to continue operations. 

2. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 F-6 

Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company had no financial instruments measured at level 3 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which approximates fair value and was determined based upon Level 1 inputs. The money market account is valued using quoted market prices with no valuation adjustments applied and is categorized as Level 1. 
 The Company had restricted cash in the form of certificates of deposit related to its operating leases in Lexington, Massachusetts of million each as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 financial institutions. The Company believes that the market risk arising from its holdings of these financial instruments is mitigated based on the fact that many of these securities are either government-backed or of high credit rating. 
 Property and Equipment 
 
 F-7 

years Laboratory equipment years Office furniture years Leasehold improvements lesser of useful life or remaining lease term 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 To date, no impairments have been recognized for these assets. 
 Leases 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 Through December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced any losses related to these indemnification obligations, and no claims were outstanding. The Company does not expect significant claims related to these indemnification obligations and, consequently, concluded that the fair value of these obligations is negligible, and no related liabilities have been established. 
 Research and Development Costs 
 Research and Development Incentive 
 
 F-8 

The Company has no research and development incentive receivable and has recorded other income from the R D Incentive of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and income from the R D Incentive for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to refundable research and development incentive income payments in Australia. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 F-9 

Foreign Currency Transactions 
 
 Segment Information 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 F-10 

Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Net Loss Per Share 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 As a result of the continuing global COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has implemented business continuity plans designed to address and mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its employees and its business operations, including its preclinical studies and clinical trials, supply chains and third-party providers. The Company anticipates that the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to have an impact on the development timelines for several of its preclinical and clinical programs. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Company s business, its clinical development and regulatory efforts, its corporate development objectives and the value of and market for its common stock will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence at this time, such as the ultimate duration of the pandemic, particularly in light of variant strains of the COVID-19 virus, travel restrictions, quarantines, social distancing 
 F-11 

3. 
 Total financial assets 
 DESCRIPTION DECEMBER 31, 2021 QUOTED PRICES ACTIVE MARKETS FOR IDENTICAL ASSETS (LEVEL 1) SIGNIFICANT OTHER OBSERVABLE INPUTS (LEVEL 2) SIGNIFICANT OTHER OBSERVABLE INPUTS (LEVEL 3) Asset Money market funds Total financial assets 

F-12 

4. 
 Income tax credit receivable Prepaid sales tax Prepaid rent R D payroll tax credit Prepaid insurance Prepaid subscriptions Interest and dividend receivable Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

5. 
 Laboratory equipment Office furniture Leasehold improvements Total Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

6. 
 Accrued external manufacturing costs Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued tax Accrued legal and consultants Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

7. 
 F-13 

million in 2016, and reimbursed MGH approximately million of prior patent prosecution expenses related to the licensed patents in 2017. The Company also issued MGH an aggregate of shares of its common stock. Additionally, the Company is required to pay a low-five digit to mid-five digit annual maintenance fee prior to the first commercial sale of its first product or process, a mid-five digit annual maintenance fee after the first commercial sale of its first product or process that is creditable against royalties, certain clinical and regulatory milestone payments for the first products or indications to achieve such milestones, which milestone payments are million in the aggregate, and certain commercial milestone payments for the first products or indications to achieve such milestones, which milestone payments are million in the aggregate. The Company made payments of and in 2020 and 2021, respectively, for the achievement of the clinical and regulatory milestones of (i) filing of an IND in the first country and (ii) the completion of a Phase 1 clinical trial, respectively. The Company is also obligated to pay tiered royalties on net sales of licensed products ranging in the low-single digits to mid-single digits. The royalty rates are subject to up to a maximum reduction for lack of a valid claim, in the event that it is necessary for the Company to obtain a license to any third-party intellectual property related to the licensed products, and generic competition. The obligation to pay royalties under the MGH Agreement expires on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis upon the later of expiry of the last valid claim of the licensed patents that cover such licensed product in such country or from the first commercial sale of such product in such country. The Company is also obligated to pay a percentage of non-royalty-related payments received by it from sublicensees ranging in the low-double digits and a change of control fee equal to a low-single digit percentage of the payments received as part of any completed transaction up to a low seven-digit amount. 
 The MGH Agreement expires upon expiry of the last remaining royalty obligation for a licensed product or process. Under the MGH Agreement, MGH may terminate the agreement upon the Company s uncured material breach or insolvency, a challenge by the Company of the licensed patents and certain other specified breaches of the MGH Agreement. The Company may terminate the agreement for any reason upon specified prior written notice to MGH. 
 Neurona Agreement 
 On June 22, 2021, the Company entered into a license agreement with Neurona. Refer to Note 12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, for more information regarding this agreement. 
 Hansoh Agreement 
 On December 12, 2021, the Company entered into a license agreement with Hansoh. Refer to Note 12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, for more information regarding this agreement. 
 
 8. 
 shares of common stock at a par value of per share. 
 On May 3, 2021, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement with SVB Securities LLC (formerly SVB Leerink LLC) SVB Securities ), as agent, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock through SVB Securities (the ATM Offering ). On May 3, 2021, the Company filed the Shelf Registration Statement, including a base prospectus and sales agreement prospectus, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which became effective immediately upon filing, for the issuance and sale of up to million of shares of the Company s common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement. On December 12, 2022, the Company filed a prospectus supplement to the Shelf Registration Statement for the issuance and sale, if any, of up to an additional million of shares of its common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company raised gross proceeds of million pursuant to the ATM Offering through the sale of shares of common stock at a weighted average price of per share. The net proceeds from the ATM Offering for the year ended December 31, 2021 were approximately million after deducting sales agent commissions of million and offering expenses of million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised gross proceeds of million pursuant to the ATM Offering through the sale of shares of common stock at a weighted average price of per share. The net proceeds from the ATM Offering for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately million after deducting sales agent commissions of million and offering expenses of million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was eligible to offer and sell, from time to time, shares of its common stock for an aggregate offering amount of up to million available under the ATM Offering. 
 F-14 

cash dividends have been declared or paid. 
 Voting Rights: Each holder of common stock is entitled to vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Under the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, stockholders will not have cumulative voting rights. Because of this, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. 
 Rights and Preferences : Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that the Company may designate in the future. 
 Total 
 The Company s potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share, as the effect would be to reduce the net loss per share. Therefore, the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same. 

9. 
 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options under the 2017 Plan. Any options or awards outstanding under the 2017 Plan remain outstanding and effective. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In April 2020, the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2020 Plan") became effective, and, as a result, no further awards will be made under the 2017 Plan. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of stock options qualifying as incentive stock options ("ISOs"), to employees and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options ("NSOs"), restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards and other forms of stock compensation to employees, consultants and directors. The 2020 Plan also provides for the grant of performance cash awards to employees, consultants and directors. Any previously granted awards under the 2017 Plan will remain outstanding in accordance with their respective terms. 
 Under the 2020 Plan, there is an annual increase on January 1 of each year from January 1, 2021 continuing through January 1, 2030, by of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, or a lesser number of shares as may be determined by the Board. On January 1, 2022, the Company increased the number of shares available for future grant under the 2020 Plan by shares. On January 1, 2023, the Company increased the number of shares available for future grant under the 2020 Plan by shares. The awards granted under the 2020 Plan typically vest over a period and have a contractual term. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were an aggregate of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options under the 2020 Plan. Additionally, there were an aggregate of shares reserved for future issuance under the 2020 Plan, including shares forfeited from the 2017 Plan. 
 F-15 

Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Fair value of underlying common stock 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled or forfeited ) Expired ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Options vested as of December 31, 2022 Options unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the fair value of the Company s common stock. 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value price per share of options granted during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options. The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense is estimated to be recognized over a period of years. 
 The total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 F-16 

10.) ) Foreign ) Loss before provision from income taxes ) ) 
 State Foreign Total current income tax provision (benefit) Total deferred income tax benefit Total income tax provision (benefit) 
 State income tax, net of federal benefit Stock compensation ) ) Permanent differences ) Research and development credits Impact of foreign operations ) ) Foreign withholding taxes ) Other ) ) Tax credits Change in valuation allowance ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 F-17 

Research and development credits Capitalized research and development expenses Operating lease liability Accrueds Intangibles Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liability Operating lease right-of-use asset ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liability) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal, state and foreign net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million, million and million, respectively. Of the million federal NOLs, million will expire in 2035 and the remaining million can be carried forward indefinitely. The previously reported foreign tax loss carryforwards were fully absorbed in 2022. The state NOL carryforwards expire in 2039. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had U.S. federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The tax credits begin to expire in 2031. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign research and development tax credit carry forward of million. 
 Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), the NOL and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and potential adjustments by the Internal Revenue Services and state tax authorities. Under Section 382 of the Code Section 382 ), certain substantial changes in the Company s ownership, including the sale of the Company or significant changes in ownership due to sales of equity, may have limited, or may limit in the future, the amount of NOL carryforwards or tax credits which could be used annually to offset future taxable income. The Company completed an analysis under Section 382 through November 17, 2020 and determined that on April 15, 2016 and April 13, 2020, ownership changes had occurred. Based on the Company s analysis, the Company has determined that million and million of its federal and state NOL carryforwards, respectively, are limited by Section 382 as of December 31, 2022 and have been written off in the prior period. The remaining unused carryforwards remain available for future periods. The Company may also experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in the Company s stock ownership, some of which may be outside the Company s control. As a result, its ability to use its pre-change NOLs or tax credits to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 
 Management of the Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets, which are comprised principally of research and development credits and NOLs. Under the applicable accounting standards, management has considered the Company s history of losses and concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will not recognize the benefits of federal and state deferred tax assets. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance was maintained as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. A change in the Company s valuation allowance was recorded in 2022 and 2021, in the amount of million and million, respectively, due primarily to the generation of additional net deferred tax assets. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act resulted in significant changes to the treatment of research and developmental R D expenditures under Section 174. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, taxpayers are required to capitalize and amortize all R D expenditures that are paid or incurred in connection with their trade or business. Specifically, costs for U.S.-based R D activities must be amortized over five years and costs for foreign R D activities must be amortized over 15 years both using a midyear convention. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company capitalized million of R D expenses. 
 The calculation of the Company s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations for both federal taxes and the many states in which it operates or does business in. A tax benefit from an 
 F-18 

11. 
 square feet. In August 2021, the Company entered into a third amendment to its 99 Hayden Lease (the "Third Amendment") to extend the lease term through March 31, 2023 and to further expand the rental space to square feet. The lease modification from the Third Amendment resulted in a non-cash increase to the Company's operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets of million in the quarter ended September 30, 2021. As required under the term of the 99 Hayden Lease as collateral for the 99 Hayden Lease, the Company had restricted cash of million in the form of a certificate of deposit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The 99 Hayden Lease provides for scheduled annual rent increases throughout the lease term and does not include termination or purchase options. As part of the 99 Hayden Lease, the Company is obligated to pay certain variable payments related to its pro rata share of operating costs including taxes, utilities, and insurance premiums. 
 On September 7, 2021, the Company entered into an indenture of lease (the 1050 Waltham Lease with Revolution Labs Owner LLC (the Landlord ), pursuant to which the Company is leasing approximately square feet of office, laboratory and vivarium space located at 1050 Waltham Street, Lexington, Massachusetts (the Premises for its new principal executive office. In December 2022, the Company received access to a portion of the Premises pertaining to the office and laboratory space (the Initial Premises in order to begin getting it ready for use. Accordingly, the 1050 Waltham Lease for the Initial Premises, which is considered a distinct lease component, was determined to be classified as an operating lease and the Company recorded an ROU asset of million and a lease liability of million on the consolidated balance sheets. The portion of the Premises pertaining to the vivarium space (the Vivarium Premises was not made available for use by the Landlord as improvement work was still in progress.The Company s obligation for the payment of base rent for the Premises begins after the Landlord reaches substantial completion of all agreed upon improvements to the Premises (the Rent Commencement Date ), which is currently expected to occur in the first quarter of 2023. Costs incurred for tenant improvements of million are recorded as other long term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as they have been incurred prior to the Rent Commencement Date. Base rent will initially be fixed at million per month and will increase by approximately per annum. In connection with its entry into the 1050 Waltham Lease, the Company has provided the Landlord a letter of credit in the amount of approximately million, which is recognized as restricted cash within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. In accordance with the 1050 Waltham Lease, the Company is obligated to reimburse the Landlord for certain variable costs, including its proportional share of taxes and operating expenses which are not included in the measurement of the 1050 Waltham Lease. The 1050 Waltham Lease has a non-cancelable term of eight years and four months, measured from the date of completion of all Landlord required 
 F-19 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no reasonable certainty that this option to extend will be exercised. 
 Total lease costs were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash paid for operating leases was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average remaining lease term is years at December 31, 2022. The weighted average discount rate is . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities Included in the consolidated balance sheet: Current portion of lease liabilities Lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 The Vivarium Premises had not yet been made available to the Company as of December 31, 2022, therefore the commitment of million, undiscounted, associated with this 1050 Waltham Lease component is not included in the table or values above. This Vivarium Premises component of the 1050 Waltham Lease is currently expected to commence in first half of 2023. 
 Short-term Leases 
 The Company enters into short-term leasing arrangements related to storage of clinical trial materials. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company engaged with a third-party vendor for master cell bank storage for various program trials, as well as extra space for additional storage for the Company s lab equipment. The Company incurred and related to lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is not a party to any litigation and does not have contingency reserves established for any litigation liabilities. 
 Other 
 In connection with the 99 Hayden Lease entered into in March 2017, the Company received a loan from the landlord of million related to its tenant improvement allowance, which is recorded as a non-current liability in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company is required to repay interest only on the loan of for the first months of the 99 Hayden Lease and will then repay the full amount plus interest in installments over the remaining year term of the 99 Hayden Lease. This loan expired in December 2022. The Company made payments totaling related to the loan in 2022. There is no future payment obligation as of December 31, 2022. 

12. 
 
 F-20 

million from Neurona as of December 31, 2021. 
 In accordance with the Company's ASC 606 assessment, Neurona is considered to be a customer. The Company identified a single performance obligation, the non-exclusive license, that was satisfied on the date of the execution of the Neurona Agreement when control of the license was transferred. The Company determined that the upfront license fee of million constitutes the entire transaction price and does not require further allocation as there was only one performance obligation. The Company determined that the million represented the point at which the licensee was able to use and benefit from the license and recognized revenue from upfront license fees when the license was transferred to Neurona upon execution of the Neurona Agreement. The Company recognized the upfront fee as revenue on its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Hansoh License Agreement 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into a license agreement with Hansoh (the Hansoh Agreement ). Under the Hansoh Agreement, the Company granted to Hansoh the exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialize KER-050 and licensed products containing KER-050 within the territories of mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau (the Territory ). 
 In connection with the Hansoh Agreement, Hansoh will purchase clinical trial supply of KER-050 from the Company, and the parties will also negotiate in good faith to enter into an agreement for commercial supply prior to any anticipated commercialization in the Territory. In addition, Hansoh will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize licensed products in any region in the Territory. 
 Pursuant to the Hansoh Agreement, the Company received a net one-time million upfront license payment and will also be eligible to receive up to an aggregate of (i) million upon the achievement of specified development milestones and (ii) million upon the achievement of specified net sales thresholds for all licensed products in the Territory. If a licensed product is approved for marketing in the Territory, the Company will be entitled to receive royalty payments based on a tiered percentage of annual net sales in each region within the Territory, with such percentage ranging from the low double digit to high teens, subject to specified potential royalty reductions. 
 Hansoh s obligation to pay royalties for a given licensed product in a given region in the Territory will begin on the date of the first commercial sale for such licensed product in such region and continue until the latest of (i) years from the date of the first commercial sale for such licensed product in such region, (ii) the expiration of the last valid claim of certain licensed patents or joint patents, and (iii) expiration of regulatory exclusivity in such region. During the royalty term, neither party will directly or indirectly commercialize a competing product in the Territory. 
 The Hansoh Agreement will continue in force on a region-by-region basis until the expiration of the royalty term. Hansoh may terminate the Agreement in its entirety for convenience, with notice. The Company may terminate the Hansoh Agreement in its entirety for a patent challenge brought by Hansoh or its affiliates or their sublicensees. Either party may terminate the Hansoh Agreement in its entirety (i) if the other party materially breaches the Hansoh Agreement and fails to cure such breach or (ii) upon the bankruptcy of the other party. 
 The Company evaluated the Hansoh Agreement and concluded that it was subject to ASC 606, as the Company viewed the Hansoh Agreement as a contract with a customer. As such, the Company assessed the terms of the Hansoh Agreement and identified a single performance obligation for the Company to provide Hansoh an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize KER-050 and licensed products containing KER-050 in the Territory, including the underlying know-how related to such licenses. All other promised goods/services were deemed immaterial in the context of the Hansoh Agreement. Under the Hansoh Agreement, Hansoh was obligated to pay a one-time, net million payment to the Company, which was paid in the first quarter of 2022. The Company recognized a gross upfront fee of million as revenue and million in withholding tax on its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, and a receivable, net of withholding tax on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company will recognize development milestone payments as revenue at the point in time when it is determined that it is probable such milestones will be achieved as all performance obligations will have been satisfied at the point which a milestone might occur (i.e., Hansoh will have assumed all responsibility for the activities under the Hansoh Agreement). The Company will recognize royalty payments and commercial milestone payments as the associated sales of licensed products are recorded by Hansoh, as they predominantly relate to the license granted with the Hansoh Agreement. 
 
 F-21 

13. 
 square feet of the Premises (the Phase A Premises ), on or before January 4, 2023 (the Phase A Premises Commencement Date and (ii) the Landlord will deliver the additional approximately rentable square feet of vivarium space (the Phase B Premises ), when the Landlord substantially completes work on the Phase B Premises, which is estimated to be on or before May 1, 2023 (the Phase B Premises Commencement Date ). 
 Per the Lease Amendment, the term of the 1050 Waltham Lease will now commence on the Phase A Premises Commencement Date. The 1050 Waltham Lease has a term of , measured from the Phase A Premises Commencement Date. 
 The Company s obligation for the payment of base rent for the Phase A Premises begins on the date which is earlier to occur of (i) following the Phase B Premises Commencement Date or (ii) months following the Phase A Premises Commencement Date (such earlier date, the Phase A Rent Commencement Date ). The Company s obligation for the payment of base rent for the Phase B Premises begins on the date which is eight months following the Phase B Premises Commencement Date (the Phase B Rent Commencement Date ). Base rent will initially be fixed at per month, which will increase by approximately per annum. From and after the Phase A Rent Commencement Date and until the occurrence of the Phase B Rent Commencement Date, the Company will be obligated to pay base rent at the per square foot rent for the Phase A Premises only. Upon the Phase B Rent Commencement Date, the Company will be obligated to pay the base rent for the entirety of the Premises. The Company will be obligated to pay the Landlord for certain costs, taxes and operating expenses as specified in the Lease Amendment. 
 F-22 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 exhibit4310-kfy2022.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following description of the common stock of Keros Therapeutics, Inc., or the Company, is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, and the complete text of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or the certificate of incorporation, and amended and restated bylaws, or the bylaws, which are incorporated by reference as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is also an exhibit. The Company encourages you to read that law and those documents carefully. 
 
 General 
 
 The certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share, all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. The Company s board of directors may establish the rights and preferences of the preferred stock from time to time. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Under the certificate of incorporation and bylaws, common stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights. Because of this, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 In the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of the Company s debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Rights and Preferences 
 
 Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that the Company may designate in the future. 
 
 Registration Rights 
 
 Certain holders of common stock are entitled to certain rights with respect to registration of their respective shares of common stock under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated investors rights agreement by and among the Company and certain of the Company s stockholders. These shares are collectively referred to herein as registrable securities. 
 
 The amended and restated investors rights agreement provides the holders of registrable securities with demand, piggyback and S-3 registration rights, subject to certain conditions. Under the terms of the amended and restated investor s rights agreement, holders of registrable securities will have equivalent registration rights with respect to any additional shares of common stock acquired by these holders. The registration of shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of these registration rights would enable the holders to trade these shares without restriction under the Securities Act when the applicable registration statement is declared effective. The registration rights under our amended and restated investors rights agreement will expire no later than April 13, 2025, or with respect to any particular holder, at such time that such holder can 

sell its shares under Rule 144 of the Securities Act during any three-month period. The Company will pay the registration expenses, other than underwriting discounts and selling commissions, of the shares registered pursuant to such registration rights , subject to specified conditions and limitations. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Anti-Takeover Statute 
 
 The Company is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions 
 
 before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include the following 
 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder 
 subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 
 the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 The certificate of incorporation provides for the Company s board of directors to be divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors is elected at each annual meeting of stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Because the Company s stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of the shares of common stock outstanding will be able to elect all of the Company s directors. The directors may be removed by the stockholders only for cause upon the vote of holders of 66 2 3 of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Furthermore, the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors, and vacancies and newly created directorships on the board of directors may, except as otherwise required by law or determined by the board, only be filled by a majority vote of the directors then serving on the board, even though less than a quorum. The certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that all stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called meeting of stockholders and not by a consent in writing. A special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority of the whole board of directors, the chair of the board of directors or the Company s chief executive officer. The bylaws also provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide timely advance notice in writing, and will specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. 
 
 The certificate of incorporation further provides that the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock, voting as a single class, is required to amend certain provisions of the certificate of incorporation, including provisions relating to the structure of the board of directors, the size of the board, removal of directors, special meetings of stockholders, actions by written consent and cumulative voting. The affirmative vote 

of holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock, voting as a single class, is required to amend or repeal the bylaws, although the bylaws may be amended by a simple majority vote of the Company s whole board of directors. 
 
 The foregoing provisions will make it more difficult for the Company s existing stockholders to replace the board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of the company by replacing the board of directors. Since the board of directors has the power to retain and discharge the Company s officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for the board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change the control of the company. 
 
 These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of the board of directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of the company. These provisions are also designed to reduce the Company s vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy rights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for the Company s shares and may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control of the company or management. As a consequence, these provisions also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of the Company s stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. 
 
 Choice of Forum 
 
 The certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on the Company s behalf (2) any action or proceeding asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of the Company s current or former directors, officers or employees to the Company or its stockholders (3) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Company or any of its current or former directors, officers or other employees, arising out of or pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws (4) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the certificate of incorporation or the by-laws or (5) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. It is possible that a court of law could rule that the choice of forum provision contained in the certificate of incorporation is inapplicable or unenforceable if it is challenged in a proceeding or otherwise. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the Company s common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent s address is 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. 
 
 Listing 
 
 The common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol KROS. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.11>
 3
 exhibit1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 
 Exhibit 10.11 
 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY , HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 
 TO LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Amendment is entered into as of March 11, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date ), by and between KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. , corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware and having a place of business at 99 Hayden Avenue, Suite 120, Building E, Lexington, MA 02421 Keros ), and HANSOH (SHANGHAI) HEALTHTECH CO., LTD. , a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the People s Republic of China having a place of business at Room 101, No.287 Xiangke Road and No.1158 Haike Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, China Hansoh ). Keros and Hansoh are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS , Keros and Hansoh are parties to that certain License Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2021, as amended on February 10, 2022 (the Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS , in accordance with Section 15.1 of the Agreement, the Parties mutually desire to amend the Agreement in the manner set forth below. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 
 1. All capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this Amendment shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 2. Section 7.1 to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 Keros Manufacture and Supply. Hansoh shall purchase from Keros, and Keros shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to supply to Hansoh, all of its requirements for Licensed Products at Keros Fully Burdened Manufacturing Cost, plus a premium of , for Hansoh to conduct any Clinical Trial for obtaining any Regulatory Approval and for commercial purposes, in each case in the Field in the Hansoh Territory, provided that (a) Hansoh provides Keros with a forecast of its requirements for Licensed Products at least (i) in advance for preclinical and Phase 1 clinical materials, (ii) at least in advance for all other clinical materials not covered under Section 7.1(a)(i), and (iii) at least in advance for commercial supply, and (b) submits a purchase order for such Licensed Products upon written notice to Keros. The Parties shall negotiate in good faith a clinical supply agreement to be executed within . Additionally, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith a commercial supply agreement to be executed within prior to the anticipated First Commercial Sale of a Licensed Product by Hansoh in the Hansoh Territory (each of the clinical supply agreement and the commercial supply agreement, a Supply Agreement ). . 
 
 3. Section 4.7(a) to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 (a) In addition to Keros obligation with respect to the transfer of Keros Licensed Know-How set forth under Section 2.6 and each Party s adverse event and safety data reporting obligations pursuant to Section 5.8, but subject to the remainder of this Section 4.7, each Party shall, at its sole cost, provide the other Party (through the JCC) with copies of all 

Data and access to Regulatory Materials related to all Licensed Products generated by or on behalf of and Controlled by such Party or its Affiliates or their sublicensees in the performance of Development activities of the Licensed Products (the Product Materials ). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (i) Keros may disclose Product Materials of Hansoh to Keros Affiliates and sublicensees of Keros or its Affiliates for use of such Product Materials in the Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Keros Territory and (ii) Hansoh may disclose Product Materials of Keros to Hansoh s Affiliates and sublicensees of Hansoh or its Affiliates for use of such Product Materials in the Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Hansoh Territory. The Parties shall negotiate in good faith a data sharing agreement to govern the exchange of Data related to Licensed Products, including Product Materials (the Data Sharing Agreement . The Data Sharing Agreement shall be executed within prior to the first instance in which Hansoh processes (as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 67, as amended) any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person that is covered by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 67, as amended, in connection with this Agreement. For clarity, the JCC may establish reasonable policies to effectuate such exchange of Product Materials between the Parties in accordance with the terms of the Data Sharing Agreement. For clarity, the exchange and each Party s use of Data and access to Regulatory Materials shall be compliant with Applicable Law, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 67, as amended. In addition, Hansoh may select to initiate non-clinical and clinical studies pursuant to this Article 4. Due to different requirements among Regulatory Authorities in the Hansoh Territory and the Keros Territory, there is no guarantee that Data generated from a non-clinical or clinical study in the Hansoh Territory will satisfy the requirements of another Regulatory Authority in the Keros Territory. In such case, both Parties shall discuss and resolve this matter in good faith. If Keros desires to use Data generated by Hansoh in any non-clinical or clinical study for a filing for Regulatory Approval in the Keros Territory, Keros shall reasonably reimburse Hansoh for . 
 
 4. Except as amended by this Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect without modification. After the Amendment Effective Date, every reference in the Agreement to the Agreement shall mean the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. In the event of inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall govern. 
 
 5. This Amendment may be executed in one (1) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment may be executed by facsimile or electronically transmitted signatures and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party hereto as if they were original signatures. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Amendment in duplicate originals by their duly authorized officers as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 
 Keros Therapeutics, Inc. 

By s Jasbir S. Seehra 
 Name Jasbir S. Seehra 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd. 

By s Weiyong Sun 
 Name Weiyong Sun 
 Title Authorized Representative 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY , HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 
 TO LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 3 (this Amendment is entered into as of December 11, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date ), by and between KEROS THERAPEUTICS, INC. , corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware and having a place of business at 99 Hayden Avenue, Suite 120, Building E, Lexington, MA 02421 Keros ), and HANSOH (SHANGHAI) HEALTHTECH CO., LTD. , a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the People s Republic of China having a place of business at Room 101, No.287 Xiangke Road and No.1158 Haike Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, China Hansoh ). Keros and Hansoh are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS , Keros and Hansoh are parties to that certain License Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2021, as amended on February 10, 2022 and March 11, 2022 (the Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS , in accordance with Section 15.1 of the Agreement, the Parties mutually desire to amend the Agreement in the manner set forth below. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 
 1. All capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this Amendment shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 2. Section 7.2 to the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 
 Manufacturing Technology Transfer . Within following the Effective Date, Hansoh shall request to initiate the manufacturing technology transfer in accordance with this Section 7.2, and the Parties shall enter into a manufacturing technology transfer agreement Manufacturing Technology Transfer Agreement by to govern the transfer to Hansoh of all documents and information, and shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to complete the manufacturing technology transfer within following the Effective Date (except as extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties), and provide technical assistance, Information, and support for Hansoh to Manufacture or have Manufactured by a Third Party contractor engaged by Hansoh, Licensed Product to the extent it is to be actually used in the Manufacture of Licensed Products in the Hansoh Territory. Hansoh shall pay Keros providing such information or assistance pursuant to this Section 7.2, except as otherwise set forth in the Manufacturing Technology Transfer Agreement. 
 
 3. Except as amended by this Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect without modification. After the Amendment Effective Date, every reference in the Agreement to the Agreement shall mean the Agreement as amended by this Amendment. In the event of inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall govern. 
 
 4. This Amendment may be executed in one (1) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment may be executed by facsimile or electronically transmitted signatures and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party hereto as if they were original signatures. 

Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Amendment in duplicate originals by their duly authorized officers as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 
 Keros Therapeutics, Inc. 

By s Jasbir S. Seehra 
 Name Jasbir S. Seehra 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Hansoh (Shanghai) Healthtech Co., Ltd. 

By s Weiyong Sun 
 Name Weiyong Sun 
 Title Authorized Representative 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit21110-kfy2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Keros Therapeutics Australia, Pty Ltd Australia Keros Security Corporation Massachusetts 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit23110-kfy2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-255724 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-252151, 333-237732, and 333-263394 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 3, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31110-kfy2022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 3, 2023 By s Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D. Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit31210-kfy2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Keith Regnante, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 3, 2023 By s Keith Regnante Keith Regnante Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32110-kfy2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company and Keith Regnante, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 
 (2) The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 3rd day of March, 2023. 
 s Jasbir Seehra 
 Jasbir Seehra, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Keith Regnante Keith Regnante Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Keros Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 kros-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 kros-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 kros-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 kros-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 kros-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

