<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1051343_0001140361-23-015469.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21516644</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>267995</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2142635</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9615258</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4244392</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4251062</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-015469.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172941
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-015469
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES /
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001051343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				770446957
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23575
		FILM NUMBER:		23789380

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 PINE AVE
		CITY:			GOLETA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8056925821

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 PINE AVE
		CITY:			GOLETA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-015469.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 brhc10050318_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR

15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _____ to _____

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I. R. S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
 the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
 Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
 Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data
 File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
 company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.:

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the
 extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
 correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
 registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of common stock, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the June 30, 2022 closing price of 14.3100 per common share, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market. For purposes of the foregoing computation, all executive officers
 and directors of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such executive officers, directors or five percent beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant.

As of March 29, 2023, 
 shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be found in the
 registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on or about May 25, 2023, which information
 is incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. The proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant s fiscal year ended December
 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents

INDEX

PART I

Page

Forward-Looking Statements 

4

Item 1.

Business 

4

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

8

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

16

Item 2.

Properties 

16 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

17 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures (Not Applicable) 

17 

PART II

Item 5.

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

18

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

18 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

19

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

49 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

51 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

95

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

95

Item 9B.

Other Information 

96 

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

96 

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

96 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

96 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

96 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

96 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

96

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

96 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

97

SIGNATURES 

100

CERTIFICATIONS

101

Table of Contents 

PART I

Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company and the Bank that are intended to
 be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical or current facts, including statements about future financial and operational
 results, expectations, or intentions are forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect management's current views of future events and operations. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to the Company
 as of the date of this Form 10-K. It is important to note that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve and are subject to significant risks, contingencies, and uncertainties, many of which are
 difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control including, but not limited to, risks related to liquidity of banking institutions both domestically and internationally, the reduction in the value of securities portfolios due to rising
 interest rates, and bank failures recently experienced in the financial sector, from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, wars and international conflicts, including the current military actions involving the Russian Federation and Ukraine, the
 strength of the United States economy in general and of the local economies in which we conduct operations, the effect of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including changes in interest rate policies of the Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System, inflation, including the rising costs of oil and gas, supply chain interruptions, weather, natural disasters, climate change, increased unemployment, deterioration in credit quality of our loan portfolio
 and/or the value of the collateral securing the repayment of those loans, reduction in the value of our investment securities, the costs and effects of litigation and of adverse outcomes of such litigation, the cost and ability to attract and
 retain key employees, a breach of our operational or security systems, policies or procedures including cyber-attacks on us or third party vendors or service providers, regulatory or legal developments, United States tax policies, including our
 effective income tax rate, and our ability to implement and execute our business plan and strategy and expand our operations as provided therein. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth or implied in the forward-looking
 statements as a result of a variety of factors including the risk factors contained in documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are available in the Investor Relations section of our website,
 https://www.communitywest.com/sec-filings/documents/default.aspx. 

For more information regarding risks that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements, see "Item 1A - Risk Factors in this Form10-K. Forward-looking
 statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company does not undertake any obligations to (and expressly disclaims an obligation to) update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances and or events that occur after the date the
 forward-looking statements are made, except as required by law.

Purpose

The following discussion is designed to provide insight into the financial condition and results of operations of Community West Bancshares CWBC and its wholly owned subsidiary, Community West
 Bank N.A CWB or the Bank which includes 445 Pine Investments, LLC the Bank's wholly owned limited liability corporation ("445 Pine"). Unless otherwise stated, the Company refers to CWBC and CWB as a consolidated entity. References to CWBC" or
 to the holding company, refer to Community West Bancshares, the parent company, on a stand-alone basis. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, herein referred to as the Consolidated Financial Statements .

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS

GENERAL

Community West Bancshares, a California corporation, is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or BHCA, with corporate headquarters in Goleta,
 California. CWBC's common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the trading symbol "CWBC". CWBC's principal business is to serve as the holding company for its wholly owned subsidiary Community West Bank, N.A. ("CWB"), a national banking association
 chartered by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ). Through CWB, the Company provides a variety of financial products and services to customers through seven full-service branch offices in the cities of Goleta, Oxnard, San Luis
 Obispo, Santa Barbara, Santa Maria, Ventura, and Paso Robles, California.

The Company s operations and financial results in 2020 and 2021 (and to a lesser extent in 2022) were influenced by the COVID-19 global pandemic (the COVID-19 pandemic, or the pandemic). Such
 impacts have included significant volatility in the global stock and fixed income markets, the enactment of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act, including the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) administered by the Small
 Business Administration, and a variety of rulings from the Company s banking regulators. The impact of COVID-19 has led to financial stress for many businesses and workers throughout the communities we serve.

Human Capital

The Company s vision is to be recognized as an outstanding financial services company creating remarkable experiences for its clients, shareholders, and communities. Attracting, retaining, and
 developing qualified employees and providing them with a remarkable employee experience is a key to providing a remarkable client experience and is an important contributor to the Company s success.

4 

Table of Contents 

Employee Profile

The following table describes the composition of the Company s workforce at December 31, 2022.

Number 

Full-time

134

Part-time

3

Temporary

2

Women

87 or

64.9 

Minorities

61 or

45.5 

None of the employees are represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement.

Talent acquisition

The Company s demand for qualified candidates grows as the Company s business grows. Building a diverse and inclusive workforce is a critical component of the Company s plan. The Company utilizes a
 workforce analysis model in its Affirmative Action Plan to analyze the composition of the workforce and identify any areas of underutilization or opportunity for inclusion of women, minorities, veterans, and the disabled. The Company actively
 recruits in venues identified to have significant populations of candidates who are female or from underrepresented categories. The Company also posts all jobs in the State CalJobs career site, which promotes employment opportunities specifically to
 veterans and those with disabilities. The Company attracts talented individuals with a combination of competitive pay and benefits. Through systematic talent management, career development, and succession planning the Company is striving to source a
 larger percentage of candidates internally and develop systems of career planning and growth that are attractive to external candidates.

Professional Development

The Company s performance management program is an interactive practice that engages employees through quarterly check-ins, mid-year and annual reviews and annual goal setting for achievement of
 both Company and individual goals. The Company offers a variety of programs to help employees learn new skills, establish and meet personalized development goals, take on new roles and become better leaders.

Employee Engagement

The Company recognizes that employees who are involved in, enthusiastic about, and committed to their work and workplace contribute meaningfully to the success of the Company. On a regular basis,
 the Company solicits employee feedback through a confidential company-wide survey on culture, management, career opportunities, compensation, and benefits. The results of this survey are reviewed with management and are used to update employee
 programs, initiatives, and communications. The Company has a number of other engagement initiatives including town hall meetings with the Company s Chief Executive Officer and other senior leaders. The Company supports and empowers the grassroots
 Elevate committee, made up of entry to mid-level employees from all departments and branches, and the Leadership Committee, comprised of both emerging and senior level leaders across all divisions.

Succession Planning

The Company is focused on facilitating internal succession by fostering internal mobility, enhancing its talent pool through professional development and certification programs, structuring its
 training programs to develop skills and competencies for 21 st century banking and business acumen, and expending opportunities through structured diversity and inclusion
 initiatives.

Health and Safety

We consider the health and safety of our employees to be a critical component of the employee experience. Consequently, we offer our employees and their families access to health and wellness
 programs that provide comprehensive physical and mental health benefits, including medical, dental, and vision coverages, paid and unpaid leave, as well as life insurance and disability coverage. We offer health savings and spending accounts, paid
 parental leave, and assistance with childcare expenses. Throughout the pandemic we have remained focused on providing a safe work environment, making structural changes to the workplace, and adhering to governmental mandates and guidance while
 implementing protocols to protect our employees, including the option for certain employees to work from home.

Governance

Our Board of Directors are committed to executing on our long-term vision. Our Board members are accomplished leaders from diverse backgrounds bringing the perspective skills and experience
 necessary to use independent judgment that will effectively challenge and drive continued success. Our Board members approve the strategy and ethical standards for the entire organization.

5 

Table of Contents 

At the end of 2022, the CWBC Board consisted of thirteen directors which included the CWBC President and Chief Executive Officer and twelve independent directors. One director self-identified as a
 minority, three directors self-identified as female, eight directors self-identified as male, and one director chose not to disclose a gender.

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

CWB is focused on relationship-based banking to small to medium-sized businesses and their owners, professional, high-net worth individuals, and non-profit organizations in the communities served
 by its branch offices. The products and services provided include deposit products such as checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts and fixed rate, fixed maturity certificates of deposits, cash management products, and lending
 products, including commercial, commercial real estate, agricultural, and consumer loans.

Competition in our markets remains strong. The Company continues to be competitive due to its focus on high quality customer service and our experienced relationship bankers who have strong
 relationships within the communities we serve.

Manufactured Housing

The Company has a financing program for manufactured housing to provide affordable home ownership. These loans are offered in approved mobile home parks throughout California primarily on or near
 the coast. The parks must meet specific criteria. The manufactured housing loans are secured by the manufactured home and are retained in the Company s loan portfolio.

Agricultural Loans for Real Estate and Operating Lines

The Company has an agricultural lending program for agricultural land, agricultural operational lines, and agricultural term loans for crops, equipment, and livestock. These loan
 products are partially guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ), the Farm Service Agency FSA ), and the USDA Business and Industry loan program. The FSA typically issues a 90 guarantee up to 2,037,000 (amount adjusted annually based on inflation) for up to 40 years. 

The Company also originates and sells loans to the secondary market through the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation ("Farmer Mac") program. Farmer Mac provides the Company with access to
 flexible, low-cost financing and effective risk management tools to help farm, ranch, and rural utility customers.

Small Business Administration Lending

CWB has been a preferred lender/servicer of loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration SBA since 1990. The Company originates SBA loans which can be sold into the secondary market.
 The Company continues to service these loans after sale and is required under the SBA programs to retain specified amounts. The primary SBA loan program that CWB offers is the Section 504 504 program.

CWB also offers Business Industry ("B I") loans. These loans are similar to the SBA product, except they are guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The maximum guaranteed
 amount is 80 . B I loans are made to businesses in designated rural areas and are generally larger loans to larger businesses than the 7(a) loans. Similar to the SBA 7(a) product, they can be sold into the secondary market.

As a Preferred Lender, CWB has been delegated the loan approval, closing and most servicing and liquidation responsibility from the SBA.

Under the CARES Act, CWB offered SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans. The loans are forgivable in whole or in part and carry a fixed rate of 1 for a term of two years (loans made before
 June 5, 2020) or five years (loans made after June 5, 2020), if not forgiven, in whole or in part. Payments are deferred until either the date on which the SBA remits the amount of the forgiveness proceeds to the lender or the date that is ten months
 after the day of the covered period if the borrower does not apply for forgiveness within the ten-month month period.

Loans to One Borrower

Under federal law, the unsecured obligations of any one borrower to a national bank generally may not exceed 15 of the sum of the Bank s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus, and the secured
 and unsecured obligations of any one borrower. CWB was approved to increase this lending limit under the OCC s Special Lending Limits Program to 25 . This program ensures that national bank lending limits, such as CWB s, would remain competitive with
 state-chartered banks. In addition, California state banking law generally limits the amount of funds that a state-chartered bank may lend to a single borrower to 15 of the bank's capital for unsecured loans and 25 of the bank's capital for secured
 loans, and considers real estate secured loans as secured for lending limits purposes.

6 

Table of Contents 

Foreign Operations

The Company has no foreign operations. The Bank may provide loans, letters of credit and other trade-related services to commercial enterprises that conduct business outside the United States.

Customer Concentration

The Company does not have any customer relationships that individually account for 10 or more of consolidated or segment revenues, respectively.

COMPETITION

The financial services industry is highly competitive. Many of the Bank's competitors are much larger in total assets and capitalization, have greater access to capital markets, have higher lending
 limits, and can offer a broader range of financial services than the Bank can offer and may have lower cost structures.

This increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of long-term changes in regulation that made mergers and geographic expansion easier; changes in technology and product delivery
 systems and web-based tools; the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial services providers; and the flight of deposit customers to perceived increased safety and higher interest rates. We compete for customers with other banks, credit
 unions, securities and brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies, finance companies, and other non-bank financial services providers. This strong competition for deposit and loan products directly affects the rates of those
 products and the terms on which they are offered to consumers.

Technological innovation continues to contribute to greater competition in domestic and international financial services markets.

Mergers between financial institutions have placed additional pressure on banks to consolidate their operations, reduce expenses and increase revenues to remain competitive. The competitive
 environment is also significantly impacted by federal and state legislation that makes it easier for non-bank financial institutions to compete with the Company.

GOVERNMENT POLICIES

The Company s operations are affected by various state and federal legislative changes and by regulations and policies of various regulatory authorities, including those of the states in which it
 operates and the U.S. government. These laws, regulations and policies include, for example, statutory maximum legal lending rates, domestic monetary policies by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "FRB") which impact interest
 rates, U.S. fiscal policy, anti-terrorism and money laundering legislation and capital adequacy and liquidity constraints imposed by bank regulatory agencies. Changes in these laws, regulations and policies may greatly affect our operations. See
 Item 1A Risk Factors Curtailment of government guaranteed loan programs could affect a segment of our business and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Supervision and Regulation. 

Additional Available Information

The Company maintains an Internet website at http://www.communitywest.com . The Company makes available its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and
 amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act as amended. This and other information related to the Company is available free of charge through this website as soon as reasonably practicable
 after it has been electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet site, https://www.sec.gov , in which all forms filed electronically may be accessed. The Company s internet
 website and the information contained therein are not intended to be incorporated in this Form 10-K. In addition, the Company's annual report is available in print, free of charge, to any stockholder who requests it in writing to our Investor
 Relations Department at Community West Bancshares, 445 Pine Avenue, Goleta, California 93117, Attention Richard Pimentel, or by email to rpimentel@communitywestbank.com .

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

Investing in our common stock involves various risks which are specific to the Company. Several of these risks and uncertainties are discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This listing
 should not be considered as all-inclusive. These factors represent risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Other risks that we do not know about now, or that we
 do not believe are significant, could negatively impact our business or the trading price of our securities. In addition to common business risks such as theft, loss of market share and disasters, the Company is subject to special types of risk due
 to the nature of its business. See additional discussions about credit, interest rate, market and litigation risks in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Form 10-K and additional
 information regarding legislative and regulatory risks in the Supervision and Regulation section of this Form 10-K.

7 

Table of Contents 

Terrorist attacks and threats of war may impact all aspects of our operations, revenues, costs, and stock price in unpredictable ways.

The recent special military actions of the Russian Republic and its invasion of Ukraine and the resulting geopolitical uncertainty have had and may continue to have an impact on the European Union
 and the United Kingdom and, other countries, including the U.S. The threat that these military operations may expand beyond Ukraine may have a negative impact as well. Significant increases in the price of oil and natural gas have occurred and are
 likely to continue putting additional inflationary pressures on central banks, including the FRB. It is expected that interest rate hikes that have occurred during 2022 are likely to continue in 2023 based on announcements by the FRB, but the amount,
 timing, and frequency of such increases are not fully known at this time. The Russian Republic has also threatened increased cyberattacks as part of its recent actions which could affect the Bank and its customers. Additionally, the United States and
 European nations have imposed very significant financial sanctions on the Russian Republic, including targeted sanctions on Russian banks and wealthy individuals as well as halting certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline. They have denied
 Russian banks access the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications or SWIFT which is expected to slow down international trade and make such transactions costlier to accomplish which could also negatively affect the Bank and its
 customers. In response to the Russian military actions, many businesses headquartered in the Eurozone and the United States have stopped doing business with Russia which may negatively affect the profitability of those companies. The international
 turmoil has already had and may continue to have a negative impact on the stock market generally and, in turn, on our stock price. The full impact of the actions by the Russian Republic regarding Ukraine over the past year and which are likely to
 continue in 2023 are not fully known at this time, but they could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price.

Risks Relating to the Bank and to the Business of Banking in General 

Our business may be adversely affected by downturns in the national economy and in the economies in our market areas.

Substantially all of our loans are to businesses and individuals in the State of California. A decline in the economies of our local market areas of Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, and Ventura
 Counties in which we operate, and which we consider to be our primary market areas, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

While real estate values and unemployment rates remain stable, a deterioration in economic conditions in the market areas we serve could result in the following consequences, any of which could
 have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations:

loan delinquencies, problem assets, and foreclosures may increase;

the sale of foreclosed assets may slow;

demand for our products and services may decline, possibly resulting in a decrease in our total loans or assets;

collateral securing our outstanding loans could decline in value, exposing us to increased risk in our loans or reducing customers' borrowing power;

the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us; and

the amount of our low-cost or non-interest-bearing deposits may decrease and the composition of our deposits may be adversely affected.

A decline in local economic conditions may have a greater effect on our earnings and capital than on the earnings and capital of larger financial institutions whose real estate loans are
 geographically diverse. If we are required to liquidate a significant amount of collateral during a period of reduced real estate values, our financial condition and profitability could be adversely affected.

Interest rate changes, which are beyond our control, could harm our profitability.

Our profitability depends to a large extent upon net interest income, which is the difference between interest income and dividends we earn on interest-earning assets, such as loans and
 investments, and interest expense we pay on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Any change in general market interest rates, whether as a result of changes in the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve or otherwise, may
 have a significant effect on net interest income and prepayments on our loans. After maintaining its federal funds rate target in a range of 0 to 0.25 since March 2020, as part of its efforts to combat inflation, the Federal Reserve raised the
 federal funds target to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 between March 2022 and December 2022. Additional rate increases are anticipated in 2023 before the Federal Reserve stops raising the federal funds rate.

As interest rates rise, our existing customers who have adjustable-rate loans may see their loan payments increase and, as a result, may experience difficulty repaying those loans. Increasing
 delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, and defaults lead to higher loan loss provisions, and potentially greater eventual losses that would lower our current profitability and capital ratios.

8 

Table of Contents 

CWBC and CWB have liquidity risk.

Like all financial institutions, liquidity risk is the risk that CWBC and CWB will have insufficient cash or access to cash to satisfy current and future financial obligations, including demands for loans and deposit
 withdrawals, funding operating costs, and for other corporate purposes. As can be seen from recent events regarding the operations and failures of other banks in the U.S., an inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans,
 the sale of investment securities at or above the value of such securities on the Company's books, and other sources could have a material adverse effect on liquidity. Access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance business activities could
 be impaired by factors that affect either entity specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of business activity due to a market
 downturn or adverse regulatory action against either entity. The ability of CWB to acquire deposits or borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to CWB, such as a severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and
 expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole which have been experienced in recent months in both domestic and foreign markets. CWB mitigates liquidity risk by establishing and accessing lines of credit with various
 financial institutions and having back-up access to the brokered Certificate of Deposits CD markets. Results of operations could be adversely affected if either entity were unable to satisfy current or future financial obligations.

As a legal entity, separate and distinct from the Bank, CWBC must rely on its own resources to pay its operating expenses and dividends to its shareholders. In addition to raising capital on its own behalf or borrowing
 from external sources, CWBC may also obtain funds from dividends paid by, and fees charged for services provided to, the Bank. However, statutory and regulatory constraints on the Bank may restrict or totally preclude the payment of dividends by the
 Bank to CWBC, thereby negatively impacting its separate liquidity.

From time to time, the Company has been dependent on borrowings from the FHLB and, infrequently, the FRB, and there can be no assurance these programs will be
 available as needed.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has borrowings from the FHLB of San Francisco of 90.0 million and no borrowings from the FRB. The Company in the recent past has been reliant on such
 borrowings to satisfy its liquidity needs. The Company s borrowing capacity is generally dependent on the value of the Company s collateral pledged to these entities. These lenders could reduce the borrowing capacity of the Company or eliminate
 certain types of collateral and could otherwise modify or even terminate their loan programs. Any change or termination could have an adverse effect on the Company s liquidity and profitability. In addition, the Federal Reserve recently announced the
 creation of a new Bank Term Funding Program offering qualifying banks loans for up to one year in length collateralized by qualifying assets including U.S. securities valued at par to be a source of liquidity in an effort to eliminate an
 institution's need to quickly sell such securities to meet liquidity needs.

A return of recessionary conditions could result in increases in our level of non-performing loans and/or reduce demand for our products and services, which
 could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

A return of recessionary conditions and/or negative developments in the domestic and international credit markets may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our
 loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs, and profitability. Declines in real estate values and sales volumes and high unemployment levels may result in higher than expected loan delinquencies and a decline in demand for our products
 and services. These negative events may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our capital, liquidity and financial condition.

Allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses.

The risk of nonpayment of loans is inherent in all lending activities, and nonpayment, if it occurs, may have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and/or consolidated results
 of operations. The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses to absorb estimated probable losses inherent in the loan and commitment portfolios as of the balance sheet date. Provisions are taken from earnings and applied to the allowance for
 loan losses as the risk of loss in the loan and commitment portfolios increases. Conversely, credits to earnings from the allowance for loan losses are made when asset qualities improve resulting in a decrease in the risk of loss in the loan and
 commitment portfolios. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance for loan losses was 10.8 million, or 1.15 of gross loans held for investment. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had 0.2 million in loans on nonaccrual status. In
 determining the level of the allowance for loan losses, Management makes various assumptions and judgments about the loan portfolio. Management relies on an analysis of the loan portfolio based on historical loss experience, volume and types of
 loans, trends in classifications, volume and trends in delinquencies and non-accruals, national and local economic conditions, and other pertinent information known to Management at the time of the analysis. If Management s assumptions are incorrect,
 the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition and/or consolidated results of operations. While the allowance for loan losses was
 determined to be adequate at December 31, 2022, based on the information available to us at the time, there can be no assurance that the allowance will be adequate to cover actual losses in the loan portfolio in the future.

All of our lending involves underwriting risks.

Lending, even when secured by the assets of a business, involves considerable risk of loss in the event of failure of the business. To reduce such risk, the Company typically takes additional
 security interests in other collateral of the borrower, such as real property, certificates of deposit, or life insurance and/or obtains personal guarantees. Despite efforts to reduce risk of loss, additional measures may not prove sufficient as the
 value of the additional collateral or personal guarantees may be significantly reduced. There can be no assurances that collateral values will be sufficient to repay loans should borrowers become unable to repay loans in accordance with their
 original terms and, if not, the cumulative effect may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and/or results of operations.

9 

Table of Contents 

The Company is dependent on real estate concentrated in the State of California.

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 591.2 million, or 62 , of our loan portfolio is secured by various forms of real estate, including residential and commercial real estate. The real estate
 securing our loan portfolio is concentrated in California. A decline in current economic conditions or rising interest rates could have an adverse effect on the demand for new loans, the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans and the value
 of real estate and other collateral securing loans. A decline in the real estate market, particularly within California, could materially and adversely affect the business of the Company because a significant portion of its loans are secured by
 real estate. The ability to recover on defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral would then be diminished and the Company would be more likely to suffer losses on loans. Real estate values could be affected by, among other things, a
 decline of economic conditions, an increase in foreclosures, a decline in home sale volumes, an increase in interest rates, high levels of unemployment, drought, earthquakes, brush fires, and other natural disasters particular to California.

We operate in a highly regulated industry and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation, and financial
 accounting or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us.

The Company is subject to extensive regulation and supervision that govern almost all aspects of its operations. Intended to protect customers, depositors, consumers, deposit insurance funds and
 the stability of the U.S. financial system, these laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business activities, limit the dividend or distributions that the Company can pay, restrict
 the ability of institutions to guarantee the Company's debt, and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). Compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. We are currently facing increased regulation
 and supervision of our industry. Such additional regulation and supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. Further, our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure was
 inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, fines and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, capital base and the price of our
 securities. Further, any new laws, rules and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business and consolidated financial condition.

We are periodically subject to examination and scrutiny by a number of banking agencies and, depending upon the findings and determinations of these agencies,
 we may be required to make adjustments to our business that could adversely affect us.

Federal banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with applicable laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a federal banking agency
 were to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, asset concentration, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk, or other aspects of any of our operations has become unsatisfactory, or that
 we or our management is in violation of any law or regulation, it could take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative actions to
 correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to change the asset composition of our portfolio or
 balance sheet, to assess civil monetary penalties against our officers or directors, to remove officers and directors, and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate
 our deposit insurance. If we become subject to such regulatory actions, our business, results of operations, and reputation may be negatively impacted.

CWBC is subject to regulation and supervision by the FRB and CWB is subject to supervision and regulation by the OCC with applicable laws and regulations governing the types, amounts, and terms of investments and loans
 we make, disclosures of products and services we offer to our customers, the levels of capital we must maintain, and the rates of interest we may pay. Those regulations continuously change and may increase our costs of doing business and reduce or
 limit our ability to pursue or affect our business. While legislation enacted in 2018 was designed to reduce some of the obligations imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act, recent events, including the failure of two U.S. based financial institutions has
 resulted in the current administration reaffirming that it will take affirmative action to assure compliance by financial institutions with applicable law, including many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, it is likely that the
 FDIC will consider whether to raise the base deposit insurance assessment to support any losses sustained by those recent bank failures. Such actions could increase CWB's costs. No assurances can be given that future changes in applicable laws and
 regulations like the enactment of the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 would not impose regulatory restrictions resulting in a negative impact on CWBC. For further discussion, see SUPERVISION AND
 REGULATION herein.

The short-term and long-term impact of the regulatory capital standards and the capital rules is uncertain.

The federal banking agencies revised capital guidelines to reflect the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and to affect the implementation of the Basel III Accords. The quantitative measures,
 established by the regulators to ensure capital adequacy, require that a bank holding company maintain minimum ratios of capital to risk-weighted assets. Various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act increase the capital requirements of bank holding
 companies, such as the Company, and non-bank financial companies that are supervised by the FRB. For a further discussion of the capital rules, see SUPERVISION AND REGULATION herein.

10 

Table of Contents 

Curtailment of government guaranteed loan programs could affect a segment of the Company s business.

A segment of our business consists of originating and periodically selling government guaranteed loans, in particular those guaranteed by the USDA and the SBA. From time to time, the government
 agencies that guarantee these loans reach their internal limits and cease to guarantee loans. In addition, these agencies may change their rules for loans or Congress may adopt legislation that would have the effect of discontinuing or changing the
 loan programs. Non-governmental programs could replace government programs for some borrowers, but the terms might not be equally acceptable. Therefore, if these changes occur, the volume of loans to small business, industrial, and agricultural
 borrowers of the types that now qualify for government guaranteed loans could decline. Also, the profitability of these loans could decline.

Small business customers may lack the resources to weather a downturn in the economy.

One of the primary focal points of our business development and marketing strategy is serving the banking and financial services needs of small to medium-sized businesses and professional
 organizations. Small businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than do larger entities. If economic conditions are generally unfavorable in the Company s service areas, the businesses of the
 Company s lending clients and their ability to repay outstanding loans may be negatively affected. As a consequence, the Company s consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition may be adversely affected.

The Company is exposed to the risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we obtain title.

Approximately 62 of the Company s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 was secured by real estate. In the course of our business, the Company may foreclose and take title to real estate and could
 be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. The Company may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation, and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in
 connection with environmental contamination or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In
 addition, if the Company is the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, it may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. These costs and
 claims could adversely affect the Company s business and prospects.

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the Company s profitability, business and prospects.

Most of the Company s assets and liabilities are monetary in nature, which subjects it to significant risks from changes in interest rates and can impact the Company s net income and the valuation
 of its assets and liabilities. Increases or decreases in prevailing interest rates could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, asset quality and prospects. The Company s operating income and net income depend to a great extent on its net
 interest margin. Net interest margin is the difference between the interest yields received on loans, securities and other earning assets and the interest rates paid on interest-bearing deposits, borrowings, and other interest-bearing liabilities.
 These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Company s control, including competition, general economic conditions, and monetary and fiscal policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities, including the FRB. If the rate of
 interest paid on interest-bearing deposits, borrowings, and other interest-bearing liabilities increases more than the rate of interest received on loans, securities, and other earning assets increases, the Company s net interest income, and
 therefore earnings, would be adversely affected. The Company s earnings also could be adversely affected if the rates on its loans and other investments fall more quickly than those on its deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities.

In addition, loan volumes are affected by market interest rates on loans. Rising interest rates generally are associated with a lower volume of loan originations while lower interest rates are
 usually associated with higher loan originations. Conversely, in rising interest rate environments, loan repayment rates will decline and in falling interest rate environments, loan repayment rates will increase. No assurances can be given that the
 Company will be able to minimize interest rate risk. In addition, an increase in the general level of interest rates may adversely affect the ability of certain borrowers to pay the interest on and principal of their debt obligations.

Interest rates also affect how much money the Company can lend. When interest rates rise, the cost of borrowing increases. Accordingly, changes in market interest rates could materially and
 adversely affect the Company s net interest spread, asset quality, loan origination volume, business, consolidated financial condition, consolidated results of operations, and cash flows.

11 

Table of Contents 

We may be impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate.

The London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) had been used extensively in the United States and globally as a reference rate for various commercial and
 financial contracts, including adjustable-rate mortgages, corporate debt, interest rate swaps and other derivatives. In November 2020, the FRB issued a statement supporting the release of a proposal and supervisory statements designed to provide a
 clear end date for U.S. Dollar LIBOR (USD LIBOR), and the federal banking agencies issued a release encouraging banks to stop entering into USD LIBOR contracts by the end of 2021, noting that most legacy contracts will mature prior to the date
 LIBOR ceases to be issued.

In December 2022, the FRB issued a final rule replacing USD LIBOR, effective June 30, 2023, with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase
 agreements, backed by United States Treasury securities, otherwise known as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). SOFR is observed and backward looking, which stands in contrast with LIBOR under the current methodology, which is an estimated
 forward-looking rate and relies, to some degree, on the expert judgment of submitting panel members. Given that SOFR is a secured rate backed by government securities, it is a rate that does not take into account bank credit risk (as is the case
 with LIBOR). SOFR is therefore likely to be lower than LIBOR and is less likely to correlate with the funding costs of financial institutions.

The Company had 4.2 million of investment securities and 0.4 million of loans (comprised of two (2) loans) tied to LIBOR at December 31, 2022 and is
 working through the transition away from LIBOR. The Bank has identified the 1-year Constant Treasury Maturity (CMT) index to replace the 1-year LIBOR index for the two remaining loans tied to LIBOR. The Bank transitioned from LIBOR and has been
 using the CMT index for its fixed rate real estate pricing over the past five years. All of the investment securities tied to LIBOR contain replacement language identifying SOFR as a replacement index for current LIBOR-based investments. The
 transition from LIBOR could create additional costs or risk for us. Since proposed alternative rates are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing new rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. The transition will change our
 market risk profiles, requiring changes to risk and pricing models, valuation tools, product design and hedging strategies. Further, our failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could impact our reputation.

The Company s future success will depend on our ability to compete effectively in a highly competitive market.

The Company faces substantial competition in all phases of its operations from a variety of different competitors. Its competitors, including "fintech lenders, commercial banks, community banks,
 savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, credit unions, consumer finance companies, insurance companies, securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors, money market mutual funds, online banks, and other financial
 institutions compete with lending and deposit-gathering services offered by the Company. Increased competition in the Company s markets may result in reduced loans and deposits.

There is very strong competition for financial services in the market areas in which we conduct our business from many local commercial banks as well as numerous national commercial banks and
 regionally based commercial banks. Many of these competing institutions have much greater financial and marketing resources than we have. Due to their size, many competitors can achieve larger economies of scale and may offer a broader range of
 products and services than us. If we are unable to offer competitive products and services, our business may be negatively affected.

In order to remain competitive in our industry and provide our customers with the latest products and services, we must be able to keep up with the changes in technology. Many of the financial institutions and the
 financial technology companies with which we compete have greater resources than we do to develop and implement the technology-driven products and our failure to keep pace with these changes could have an adverse effect on our customer relations and,
 in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.

Some of the financial services organizations with which we compete are not subject to the same degree of regulation as is imposed on bank holding companies and federally insured depository
 institutions. As a result, these non-bank competitors have certain advantages over us in accessing funding and in providing various services. The banking business in our primary market areas is very competitive, and the level of competition facing us
 may increase further, which may limit our asset growth and financial results.

If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate consolidated financial statements on a timely basis could be
 impaired, which could result in a loss of investor confidence in our consolidated financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price.

The Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
 reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. If we are unable to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, we
 might be unable to report our consolidated financial information on a timely basis and might suffer adverse regulatory consequences or violate Nasdaq listing standards. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss
 of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our consolidated financial statements. We have in the past and may in the future discover areas of our internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that need improvement. Our system
 of internal control can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
 that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company will be detected. If we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls, we may not be able to produce accurate consolidated financial statements on a timely
 basis, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and could result in regulatory action that could require us to restate our consolidated financial statements. Any such restatement could result in a loss of public confidence
 in the reliability of our consolidated financial statements and sanctions imposed on us by the SEC. 

12 

Table of Contents 

Changes in accounting standards or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in the application of accounting policies could adversely affect our consolidated
 financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. Some of these policies require use of
 estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of our assets or liabilities and results of operations and are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently
 uncertain. If those assumptions, estimates or judgments were incorrectly made, we could be required to correct and restate prior period consolidated financial statements. Accounting standard-setters and those who interpret the accounting standards
 (such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), the SEC, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm) may also amend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how various standards should
 be applied. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new revised standard
 retroactively, resulting in the need to revise and republish prior period consolidated financial statements.

One change is ASU 2016-13, which was released by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in 2016 and was effective for the Company on January 1, 2023. Prior to
 adoption of ASU 2016-13, the impairment model used by financial institutions to assess the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses was based on incurred losses, and loans are recognized as impaired when there is no longer an assumption that
 future cash flows will be collected in full under the originally contracted terms. This model will be replaced by the current expected credit loss ("CECL") model, in which financial institutions will be required to use historical information,
 current conditions and reasonable forecasts to estimate the expected loss over the life of the loan. The transition to the CECL model has necessitated significantly greater data requirements and changes to methodologies to accurately account for
 expected losses over the life of a loan. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements and anticipates the allowance will increase and the increase will decrease
 shareholders equity as well as the Company s and Bank s regulatory capital ratios.

Natural disasters, severe weather and wild fires may impact all aspects of our operations, revenues, costs and stock price in unpredictable ways 

In the last few years, California has experienced extensive wildfires that have burned millions of acres, destroyed thousands of homes and commercial properties, and resulted in the loss of life not only in California
 generally but also directly in our market area. Those natural disasters were followed by significant rains in the winters of 2022 and 2023 resulting in flooding and further loss of property. While the recent rains in California may have helped to
 reduce the drought experienced in recent years, to the extent that flooding is experienced it could adversely affect our customers. The potential resurgence of drought conditions could also negatively affect our customers. As of December 31, 2022,
 CWB had 28.3 million of agricultural loans (some of which are classified as held for sale). The occurrence of severe weather conditions and the resulting disasters cannot be predicted with any certainty and a substantial portion of our customers
 businesses and residences are located in areas susceptible to such events as earthquakes, floods, droughts and wildfires. The occurrence of such events could adversely impact our customers' and their businesses and ability to repay their loans, all
 of which could have a material adverse effect on CWBC.

The business may be adversely affected by internet fraud.

The Company is inherently exposed to many types of operational risk, including those caused by the use of computer, internet and telecommunications systems. These risks may manifest themselves in
 the form of fraud by employees, by customers, other outside entities targeting us, and/or our customers that use our internet banking, electronic banking, or some other form of our telecommunications systems. Given the growing level of use of
 electronic, internet-based, and networked systems to conduct business directly or indirectly with our clients, certain fraud losses may not be avoidable regardless of the preventative and detection systems in place, which losses could adversely
 affect the Company and its consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations.

We may experience interruptions or breaches in our information system security.

We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in the security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in
 our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan, and other systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption, or security breach of these information systems, there
 can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions, or security breaches will not occur, or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions, or security breaches of these information
 systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
 consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

13 

Table of Contents 

A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, including as
 a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses.

As a financial institution, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity that may be committed against us or our clients, which may result in financial losses to us or our clients, privacy breaches
 against our clients, or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, and other dishonest acts. In recent periods, there has been a rise in electronic fraudulent
 activity within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector, due to cyber criminals targeting commercial bank accounts. Consistent with industry trends, we have also experienced an increase in attempted electronic
 fraudulent activity in recent periods.

In addition, our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information on our computer systems and networks. Although we take numerous protective
 measures to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company s and our customers information across all geographic and product lines and endeavor to modify these protective measures as circumstances warrant, the nature of the
 threats continues to evolve. As a result, our computer systems, software, and networks and those of our customers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers,
 unavailability of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber-attacks, and other events that could have an adverse security impact and result in significant losses by us and/or our customers. Despite the defensive measures we take to
 manage our internal technological and operational infrastructure, these threats may originate externally from third parties, such as foreign governments, organized crime and other hackers, and outsourced or infrastructure-support providers and
 application developers, or the threats may originate from within our organization. Given the increasingly high volume of our transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they can be discovered and rectified.

We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination, or capacity constraints of any of the third parties that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, clearing
 agents, clearing houses, or other financial intermediaries. Such parties could also be the source of an attack on, or breach of, our operational systems, data, or infrastructure. In addition, as interconnectivity with our clients grows, we
 increasingly face the risk of operational failure with respect to our clients systems.

Although to date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the
 future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, the outsourcing of some of our business operations, and the continued uncertain global economic environment. As
 cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.

We maintain an insurance policy which we believe provides sufficient coverage at a manageable expense for an institution of our size and scope with similar technological systems. However, we cannot
 assure that this policy will afford coverage for all possible losses or would be sufficient to cover all financial losses, damages, or penalties, including lost revenues, should we experience any one or more of our or a third party s systems failing
 or experiencing attack.

The success of the Company is dependent upon its ability to recruit and retain qualified employees, especially seasoned relationship bankers.

The Company s business plan includes and is dependent upon hiring and retaining highly qualified and motivated executives and employees at every level. In particular, our relative success to date
 has been partly the result of our skills of our senior management and management s ability to identify and retain highly qualified relationship bankers that have long-standing relationships in their communities. These professionals bring with them
 valuable customer relationships and have been integral in our ability to attract deposits and to expand our market share. From time to time, the Company recruits or utilizes the services of employees who are subject to limitations on their ability to
 use confidential information of a prior employer, to freely compete with that employer, or to solicit customers of that employer. If the Company is unable to hire or retain qualified employees it may not be able to successfully execute its business
 strategy. If the Company or its employee is found to have violated any non-solicitation or other restrictions applicable to it or its employees, the Company or its employee could become subject to litigation or other proceedings.

We may be required to raise capital in the future, but that capital may not be available or may not be on acceptable terms when it is needed.

We are required by federal regulatory authorities to maintain adequate capital levels to support operations. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to achieve
 and maintain those adequate capital levels. Our ability to raise additional capital is dependent on capital market conditions at that time and on our financial performance and outlook. Regulatory changes, such as
 regulations to implement Basel III and the Dodd-Frank Act, may require us to have more capital than was previously required. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, we may not be able to meet these requirements, and our ability to
 further expand our operations through organic growth or through acquisitions may be adversely affected. 

14 

Table of Contents 

The COVID-19 pandemic and measures intended to prevent its spread will likely continue to have an effect on our business results of operations and financial condition.

Although the United States ("U.S.") and global economies have begun to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse
 consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and may persist for some time, including disruptions of global supply chains. The growth in economic activity and demand for goods and services, alongside labor shortages
 and supply chain complications has contributed to rising inflation. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly
 uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the severity and duration of any resurgence of COVID-19 variants.

Risks Relating to our Common Stock 

An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit .

Our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock is subject to
 the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company.

Our ability to pay dividends and continue with share repurchases is subject to restrictions.

As a holding company with no significant assets other than the Bank, CWBC is dependent on dividends from the Bank to fund operating expenses and estimated tax payments. The ability to continue to pay dividends and
 conduct share repurchases depends in large part upon the receipt of dividends or other capital distributions from the Bank. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends or make other capital distributions is subject to the restrictions of the National
 Bank Act. In addition, it is possible, depending upon the financial condition of the Bank and other factors, that the OCC could assert that payment of dividends or other payments is an unsafe or unsound practice. The amount that the Bank may pay in
 dividends is further restricted due to the fact that the Bank must maintain a certain minimum amount of capital to be considered a well capitalized institution as well as a separate capital conservation buffer, as further described under Item 7 -
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Operations - Regulatory Matters- Dividends in this Form 10-K.

In the event the Bank is unable to pay dividends to CWBC, it is likely that CWBC, in turn, would have to discontinue cash dividends and share repurchases and may have difficulty meeting its other financial obligations.
 The inability of the Bank to pay dividends to CWBC could have a material adverse effect on our business, including the market price of our common stock.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank paid 1.4 million in dividends to CWBC. No assurances can be given that future performance will justify the payment of dividends in any particular year. Moreover, CWBC s
 ability to pay dividends is also subject to the restrictions of the California Corporations Code.

Issuance of additional common stock or other equity securities in the future could dilute the ownership interest of existing shareholders.

In order to maintain capital at desired or regulatory-required levels, or to fund future growth, the board of directors may decide from time to time to issue additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible
 into, exchangeable for, or representing rights to acquire shares of the common stock. The sale of these shares may significantly dilute the ownership interests of shareholders. New investors in the future may also have rights, preferences and
 privileges senior to current shareholders which may adversely impact current shareholders. In addition, the Company issues options to purchase common stock and restricted stock awards under its equity compensation plans to plan participants,
 including directors, officers and other employees of the Company and/or the Bank, which may dilute the ownership interests of shareholders.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

The Company is headquartered at 445 Pine Avenue in Goleta, California. This facility houses the Company's corporate offices and the manufactured housing lending division. The Company operates seven
 domestic branch locations, two of which are owned. All other properties are leased by the Company, including the corporate headquarters.

15 

Table of Contents 

The Company continually evaluates the suitability and adequacy of its offices. Management believes that the existing facilities are adequate for its present and anticipated future use.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is involved in various other litigation matters of a routine nature that are being handled and defended in the ordinary course of the Company s business. In the opinion of management,
 based in part on consultation with legal counsel, the resolution of these litigation matters will not have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

16 

Table of Contents 

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information

The Company s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market NASDAQ under the symbol CWBC. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices on a per share basis for the
 Company s common stock as reported by NASDAQ for the period indicated:

2022 Quarters

2021 Quarters

Fourth

Third

Second

First

Fourth

Third

Second

First

Range of stock prices:

High

14.98

14.95

14.31

15.90

13.92

14.62

13.50

13.44

Low

13.91

13.52

13.36

13.40

12.75

12.11

10.76

8.75

Cash Dividends Declared:

0.075

0.075

0.075

0.070

0.070

0.070

0.070

0.060

Holders

As of February 28, 2023, the closing price of our common stock on NASDAQ was 15.11 per share. As of that date the Company had 227 holders of record of its common stock. The Company has a
 greater number of beneficial owners of our common stock who own their shares through brokerage firms and institutional accounts.

Common Stock Dividends

It is the Company s intention to review its dividend policy on a quarterly basis. As a holding company with limited significant assets other than the capital stock of our subsidiary bank, CWBC s
 ability to pay dividends depends primarily on the receipt of dividends from its subsidiary bank, CWB. CWB s ability to pay dividends to the Company is limited by the National Bank Act. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations Supervision and Regulation CWBC Limitations on Dividend Payments. 

Repurchases of Securities

Common

In 2021, the Board of Directors extended the repurchase program for common stock repurchases up to 4.5 million until August 31, 2023. Under this program, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has
 repurchased 350,189 common stock shares for 3.1 million at an average price of 8.75 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not repurchase any shares and has 1.4 million available to purchase additional shares under the
 program.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The following table summarizes the securities authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022:

Plan Category

Number of securities to be 

 issued

 upon exercise of outstanding

 options, warrants and rights

Weighted-average exercise 

 price

 of outstanding options, 

 warrants and rights

Number of securities 

 remaining available

 for future issuance under 

 equity

 compensation plans 

 (excluding securities

 reflected in column (a))

(a)

(b)

(c)

Plans approved by shareholders

605,950

9.95

353,301

Plans not approved by shareholders

Total

605,950

9.95

353,301

For material features of the plans, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 10 - Stockholders' Equity

ITEM 6. 

[Reserved]

17 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that
 involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions. Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to those set forth under Forward-Looking Statements, on page 4 of this Form 10-K, may cause actual results to differ materially
 from those projected in the forward-looking statements.

The Company s financial condition and results of operations are presented for 2022 compared to 2021. Some tables include additional periods to comply with disclosure requirements or to illustrate
 the trend of financial results for the periods presented in the financial statements. For a discussion of Company s results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020, financial condition for 2020, and other 2020 information not included herein, please
 refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022.

Corporate Profile

Community West Bancshares ("CWBC") is a bank holding company headquartered in Goleta, California with consolidated assets of 1.09 billion at December 31, 2022. The Consolidated financial
 information presented herein reflects CWBC and its subsidiary which is referred to collectively as "the Company." CWBC's wholly owned subsidiary is Community West Bank ("CWB") which includes its wholly owned subsidiary 445 Pine Investments LLC ("445
 Pine") which is a limited liability company.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The Company's significant accounting policies conform with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and are described in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to
 Financial Statements section of this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In applying those accounting policies, management of the Company is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, assumptions and estimates to be
 utilized. Certain of the critical accounting estimates are more dependent on such judgement and in some cases may contribute to volatility in the Company's reported financial performance should the assumptions and estimates used change over time due
 to changes in circumstances. The estimates and assumptions management uses are based on historical experience and other factors, which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from these
 estimates and assumptions.

The accounting for the allowance for loan losses is among the Company's most critical accounting policies and represents management's judgments regarding incurred losses inherent in the loan
 portfolio as of the consolidated balance sheet date. Changes in the circumstances considered when determining management's estimates and assumptions could result in changes in those estimates and assumptions, which could result in adjustment of the
 allowance for loan losses in future periods. A discussion of facts and circumstances considered by management in determining the allowance for loan losses is included in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 - Loans Held for
 Investment.

Financial Overview and Highlights

Community West Bancshares is a financial services company headquartered in Goleta, California that provides full-service banking and lending through its wholly owned subsidiary Community West Bank
 CWB ), which has seven California branch banking offices located in Goleta, Oxnard, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Santa Maria, Ventura, and Paso Robles.

Financial Result Highlights of 2022

The significant financial results of and factors impacting the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 were:

Net income of 13.4 million, or 1.51 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13.1 million, or 1.50 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Net interest income was 45.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 42.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Net interest margin was 4.21 for 2022, compared to 4.03 for 2021.

Total deposits were 875.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 950.1 million at December 31, 2021. Noninterest bearing deposits were 216.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 209.9 million at December 31, 2021.

Total demand deposits represented 73.7 of total deposits at December 31, 2022, compared to 78.7 at December 31, 2021.

Total loans (including loans held for sale) were 955.3 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 892.1 million at December 31, 2021.

Book value per common share increased to 12.80 at December 31, 2022, compared to 11.72 at December 31, 2021.

18 

Table of Contents 

Provision (credit) for loan losses was (195) thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a provision (credit) for loan losses of (181) thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net recoveries during 2022 were 556
 thousand compared to 391 thousand in 2021.

The Bank s Tier one leverage ratio was 10.34 at December 31, 2022 compared to 8.56 at December 31, 2021.

Non-accrual loans were 211 thousand at December 31, 2022 compared to 565 thousand at December 31, 2021.

The impact to the Company from these items, and others of both a positive and negative nature, will be discussed in more detail as they pertain to the Company s overall comparative performance as
 of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 throughout the analysis sections of this Form 10-K.

A summary of our results of operations and financial condition and select metrics is included in the following table:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Net income available to common stockholders

13,449

13,101

8,245

Basic earnings per share

1.54

1.53

0.97

Diluted earnings per share

1.51

1.50

0.97

Total assets

1,091,502

1,157,052

975,435

Gross loans (including loans held for sale)

955,342

892,083

859,209

Allowance for loan losses

10,765

10,404

10,194

Total deposits

875,084

950,131

766,185

Net interest margin

4.21

4.03

3.89

Return on average assets

1.20

1.21

0.85

Return on average stockholders' equity

12.48

13.68

9.70

Dividend payout ratio

19.13

17.66

20.04

Equity to assets ratio

10.32

8.76

9.12

Asset Quality

For all banks and bank holding companies, asset quality plays a significant role in the overall financial condition of the institution and its results of operations. The Company measures asset
 quality in terms of nonaccrual loans as a percentage of gross loans, and net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans. Net charge-offs are calculated as the difference between charged-off loans and recovery payments received on previously
 charged-off loans. The following table summarizes these asset quality metrics:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(in thousands)

Non-accrual loans (net of guaranteed portion)

211

565

3,665

Non-accrual loans to total loans (including loans held for sale)

0.02

0.06

0.43

Allowance for loan losses to total loans held for investment

1.15

1.20

1.23

Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans

5,101.90

1,841.42

263.27

Net (recoveries) charge-offs to average loans

(0.06

(0.04

(0.03

Impaired loans, net

5,873

8,996

12,188

Impaired loans to gross loans held for investment

0.63

1.03

1.47

Asset and Deposit Growth

The Company s assets and liabilities are comprised primarily of loans and deposits, respectively. The ability to originate new loans and attract new deposits is fundamental to the Company s asset
 growth. Total assets decreased to 1.09 billion at December 31, 2022 from 1.16 billion at December 31, 2021. However, during this same period, gross loans increased by 63.3 million, or 7.1 , to 955.3 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to
 892.1 million as of December 31, 2021. Total deposits decreased by 7.9 to 875.1 million as of December 31, 2022 from 950.1 million as of December 31, 2021, however non-interest bearing deposits increased by 3.1 to 216.5 million at December 31,
 2022 compared to 209.9 million at December 31, 2021.

19 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following table sets forth a summary financial overview for the comparable years:

Year Ended

 December 31,

Increase

 (Decrease)

Year Ended

 December 31,

Increase

 (Decrease)

2022

2021

2021

2020

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Consolidated Income Statement Data:

Interest income

49,138

46,078

3,060

46,078

43,854

2,224

Interest expense

3,328

3,704

(376

3,704

7,265

(3,561

Net interest income

45,810

42,374

3,436

42,374

36,589

5,785

Provision (credit) for loan losses

(195

(181

(14

(181

1,223

(1,404

Net interest income after provision for loan losses

46,005

42,555

3,450

42,555

35,366

7,189

Non-interest income

3,978

3,753

225

3,753

3,912

(159

Non-interest expenses

31,272

27,995

3,277

27,995

27,523

472

Income before provision for income taxes

18,711

18,313

398

18,313

11,755

6,558

Provision for income taxes

5,262

5,212

50

5,212

3,510

1,702

Net income

13,449

13,101

348

13,101

8,245

4,856

Earnings per share - basic

1.54

1.53

0.01

1.53

0.97

0.56

Earnings per share - diluted

1.51

1.50

0.01

1.50

0.97

0.53

20 

Table of Contents 

Interest Rates and Differentials

The following table illustrates average yields on interest-earning assets and average rates on interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended:

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

Average

 Balance

Interest

Average

 Yield/Cost

Average

 Balance

Interest

Average

 Yield/Cost

Average

 Balance

I nterest

Average

 Yield/Cost

Interest-Earning Assets

Interest-earning deposits

119,524

1,226

1.03

139,217

230

0.17

80,864

285

0.35

Investment securities

47,949

1,255

2.62

27,011

725

2.68

28,266

621

2.20

Loans (1)

921,638

46,657

5.06

884,601

45,123

5.10

831,863

42,948

5.16

Total earnings assets

1,089,111

49,138

4.51

1,050,829

46,078

4.38

940,993

43,854

4.66

Nonearning Assets

Cash and due from banks

2,169

2,149

3,286

Allowance for loan losses

(10,906

(10,245

(9,557

Other assets

37,751

39,826

37,297

Total assets

1,118,125

1,082,559

972,019

Interest-Bearing Liabilities

Interest-bearing demand deposits

480,472

1,508

0.31

467,720

1,702

0.36

314,659

2,111

0.67

Savings deposits

24,317

60

0.25

20,749

76

0.37

17,419

105

0.60

Time deposits

160,788

943

0.59

182,108

1,057

0.58

229,110

3,267

1.43

Total interest-bearing deposits

665,577

2,511

0.38

670,577

2,835

0.42

561,188

5,483

0.98

FHLB advances and other borrowings

90,795

817

0.90

94,343

869

0.92

139,795

1,782

1.27

Total interest-bearing liabilities

756,372

3,328

0.44

764,920

3,704

0.48

700,983

7,265

1.04

Noninterest-Bearing Liabilities

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits

237,849

205,820

169,696

Other liabilities

16,151

16,049

16,313

Stockholders' equity

107,753

95,770

85,027

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

1,118,125

1,082,559

972,019

Net interest income and margin (2)

45,810

4.21

42,374

4.03

36,589

3.89

Net interest spread (3)

4.07

3.90

3.62

(1) 

Includes nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale, and is net of deferred fees, related direct costs, premiums, and discounts, but excludes the allowance for loan losses. Interest income includes net
 accretion/(amortization) of deferred fees, costs, premiums, and discounts of 0.91 million, 3.35 million, and 1.09 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

(2) 

Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average earning assets.

(3) 

Net interest spread represents average yield earned on interest-earning assets less the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities.

21 

Table of Contents 

The table below sets forth the relative impact on net interest income of changes in the volume of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in rates earned and paid by the Company
 on such assets and liabilities. For purposes of this table, nonaccrual loans have been included in the average loan balances.

Year Ended December 31, 2022 versus 2021

Year Ended December 31, 2021 versus 2020

Increase (Decrease)

 Due to Changes in (1)

Increase (Decrease)

 Due to Changes in (1)

Volume

Rate

Total

Volume

Rate

Total

(in thousands)

(in thousands)

Interest income:

Interest-earning deposits

(33

1,029

996

96

(151

(55

Investment securities

559

(29

530

(34

138

104

Loans

1,901

(367

1,534

2,677

(502

2,175

Total interest income

2,427

633

3,060

2,739

(515

2,224

Interest expense:

Interest-bearing demand deposits

46

(240

(194

556

(965

(409

Savings

13

(29

(16

12

(41

(29

Time deposits

(129

15

(114

(272

(1,938

(2,210

Total interest-bearing deposits

(70

(254

(324

296

(2,944

(2,648

FHLB advances and other borrowings

(34

(18

(52

(421

(492

(913

Total interest expense

(104

(272

(376

(125

(3,436

(3,561

Net increase

2,531

905

3,436

2,864

2,921

5,785

(1) 

Changes due to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately between changes in volume and rate.

Comparison of interest income, interest expense and net interest margin

The Company s primary source of revenue is interest income. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 49.1 million, an increase from 46.1 million for the year ended December 31,
 2021. The average yield on interest-earning assets during 2022 was 4.51 , compared to 4.38 during the prior year. The increase in interest income during 2022 compared to 2021 was the result of an increase of 1.0 million in interest income on loans.
 The increase in interest income on loans was mainly the result of an increase in the average balance of loans outstanding, which increased by 37.0 million during 2022. The increase in interest income was also positively impacted by increases of 1.5
 million and 0.5 million in interest income on interest-earning deposits and in investment securities, respectively. The increase in interest income on interest-earning deposits was mainly due to an increase in the rate paid on those balances to
 1.03 for 2022 compared to 0.17 in 2021, while the increase in interest income on investment securities was the result of an increase of 20.9 million in the average balance of investment securities balances. The increases in interest income on
 interest-earning deposits and federal fund sold and on investment securities were largely the result of an increase in the Federal Reserve's target fed funds rate from 0.00 -0.25 at December 31, 2021 to 4.25 -4.50 at December 31, 2022. These
 increases were partially offset by a decrease of 2.7 million in the accretion of deferred fee income related to PPP loans during 2022, which also negatively impacted the average yield on loans.

Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased compared to the same period in 2021 by 0.4 million to 3.3 million in 2022 compared to 3.7 million in 2021. The decrease during the
 year was principally the result of the decrease in rates paid on interest-bearing demand deposits of 5 basis points and a 21.3 million decrease in the average balance of time deposits. The average cost of total interest-bearing deposits also
 decreased to 38 basis points in 2022 compared to 42 basis points in 2021.

The net impact of these changes was to increase net interest margin during 2022 to 4.21 compared to 4.03 for 2021. Net interest income was 45.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 which represented a 3.4 million increase from net interest income of 42.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Provision for loan losses

The provision for loan losses in each period is reflected as a charge (or credit) against earnings in that period. The provision for loan losses (credit) is equal to the amount required to maintain
 the allowance for loan losses at a level that is adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The provision (credit) for loan losses was 195,000) in 2022 compared to 181,000) in 2021. The provision (credit) for loan losses
 for 2022 resulted primarily from net recoveries of 0.6 million, partially offset by the need for additional allowance as a result of growth of 65.6 million in the gross loan portfolio during the year. The provision (credit) for 2021 was primarily
 the result of 0.4 million in net recoveries and a change in loan portfolio mix. As a result of improvements in credit quality, decreased historical loss rates, and net recoveries for the year, the ratio of the allowance for loan losses to loans held
 for investment decreased to 1.15 at December 31, 2022 from 1.20 at December 31, 2021.

22 

Table of Contents 

The percentage of non-accrual loans (net of government guarantees) to the total loan portfolio has decreased to 0.02 as of December 31, 2022 from 0.06 at December 31, 2021 primarily due to a
 decrease in nonaccrual manufactured housing loans.

The allowance for loan losses compared to net non-accrual loans has increased to 5,101.90 as of December 31, 2022 from 1,841.42 as of December 31, 2021. Total past due loans were 2.9 million as
 of December 31, 2022 and 0.7 million as of December 31, 2021, the majority of which represented loans past due less than 60 days at both period ends.

Non-interest Income

The Company earned non-interest income primarily through fees related to services provided to loan and deposit customers. The following tables present a summary of non-interest income for the
 periods presented:

Year Ended December 31,

Increase

 (Decrease)

Year Ended December 31,

Increase

 (Decrease)

2022

2021

2021

2020

(in thousands)

Other loan fees

1,161

1,349

(188

1,349

1,546

(197

Gains from loan sales, net

257

475

(218

475

920

(445

Document processing fees

422

512

(90

512

513

(1

Service charges

438

302

136

302

354

(52

Other

1,700

1,115

585

1,115

579

536

Total non-interest income

3,978

3,753

225

3,753

3,912

(159

Total non-interest income increased 0.2 million for 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to the recognition of 0.5 million of proceeds from a bank owned life insurance policy and
 a 1.0 million recapture of expenses from a lawsuit settlement related to a foreclosed asset during the first quarter of 2022, which were included in other income. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in the gain on loan sales due to
 lower loan sale volume, a decrease in other loan fees as a result of lower fee income from loans sold to Farmer Mac, and a decrease in the valuation of equity securities carried at fair value on a recurring basis of 121 thousand included in other
 income.

Non-Interest Expenses

The following tables present a summary of non-interest expenses for the periods presented:

Year Ended December 31,

Increase

 (Decrease)

Year Ended December 31,

Increase

 (Decrease)

2022

2021

2021

2020

(in thousands)

Salaries and employee benefits

19,637

18,624

1,013

18,624

18,287

337

Occupancy expense, net

4,180

3,254

926

3,254

3,036

218

Professional services

2,923

1,645

1,278

1,645

1,801

(156

Advertising and marketing

921

734

187

734

673

61

Data processing

1,265

1,215

50

1,215

1,055

160

Depreciation

711

780

(69

780

821

(41

FDIC assessment

577

485

92

485

565

(80

Other

1,058

1,258

(200

1,258

1,285

(27

Total non-interest expenses

31,272

27,995

3,277

27,995

27,523

472

Total non-interest expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 increased by 3.3 million primarily due to additional salaries and employee benefits, professional services
 expenses, and occupancy expenses. Salaries and employee benefits increased 1.0 million primarily due to increased costs of employee retention due to wage competition in our target markets. Professional services expenses increased by 1.3 million
 primarily due to costs incurred related to testing the effectiveness of the Company s internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting as required for institutions over 1 billion in total assets, and to support strategic and
 technology initiatives. Occupancy expenses increased due to the outsourcing of additional software and IT services during 2022.

Income Taxes

The income tax provision for 2022 was 5.3 million compared to 5.2 million in 2021. The effective income tax rate was 28.1 and 28.5 for 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax basis,
 including operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Net deferred tax assets of 5.1 million at December 31, 2022 are reported in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of other assets.

23 

Table of Contents 

Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, Income Taxes , requires that companies assess whether a valuation allowance should be established against their
 deferred tax assets based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. A valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets if, based on weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that
 some portion or all of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. Management evaluates the Company s deferred tax assets for recoverability using a consistent approach which considers the relative impact of negative and positive evidence, including
 the Company s historical profitability and projections of future taxable income. The Company is required to establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and record a charge to income if management determines, based on available evidence at
 the time the determination is made, that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets may not be realized.

There was no valuation allowance on deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company continues to be profitable, and management believes that the Company will generate sufficient
 taxable income in future periods to utilize deferred tax assets before they expire.

ASC 740 also prescribes a more likely than not threshold for the financial statement recognition of uncertain tax positions. ASC 740 clarifies the accounting for income taxes by prescribing a
 minimum recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. On a quarterly basis, the Company undergoes a process to evaluate whether
 income tax accruals are in accordance with ASC 740 guidance on uncertain tax positions. There were no uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Additional information regarding income taxes, including a reconciliation of the differences between the recorded income tax provision and the amount of tax computed by applying statutory federal
 and state income tax rates before income taxes, can be found in Note 13 - Income Taxes in the consolidated financial statements.

BALANCE SHEET

Total assets decreased 65.6 million to 1.09 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.16 billion at December 31, 2021. The majority of the decrease was related to a decrease in cash and cash
 equivalents, which decreased by 143.7 million during the year. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was offset by an increase in loans held for investment of 65.6 million, primarily due to increases in commercial real estate loans (which
 include land, construction and SBA 504 loans) and manufactured housing loans. Total commercial real estate loans increased by 13.4 to 545.3 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 480.8 million at December 31, 2021, and comprised 57.0 of the
 total loan held for investment portfolio at December 31, 2022. Manufactured housing loans increased by 6.2 to 315.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 297.4 million at December 31, 2021, and represented 33.0 of the total loan portfolio. SBA
 loans held for investment decreased by 20.2 million during 2022 primarily due to a reduction in outstanding PPP loans.

Total liabilities decreased 76.8 million, or 7.3 to 978.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 1.06 billion at December 31, 2021. The majority of this decrease was due to a reduction in deposit
 balances, specifically interest-bearing demand deposits. Total deposits decreased by 75.0 million to 875.1 million at December 31, 2022 from 950.1 million at December 31, 2021. Interest-bearing demand deposits were 428.2 million at December 31,
 2022, a decrease of 109.3 million from 537.5 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was a result of both planned and unplanned withdrawals due to competition that put pressure on pricing and client retention. This decrease was offset by
 increases of 27.9 million and 6.6 million in total certificates of deposits and non-interest bearing demand deposits, respectively during 2022.

Total stockholders equity increased to 112.7 million at December 31, 2022 from 101.4 million at December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily from 2022 net income of 13.4 million reduced by
 common stock dividends declared and paid in 2022 of 2.6 million. The increase was also partially offset by a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of 0.9 million due to the decline in the fair value of investment securities
 available-for-sale.

24 

Table of Contents 

The following tables present the Company s average balances for the dates indicated:

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

Amount

Percent

ASSETS:

(dollars in thousands)

Cash and due from banks

2,169

0.2

2,149

0.2

3,286

0.3

Interest-earning deposits in other institutions

119,524

10.7

139,217

12.9

80,864

8.3

Investment securities available-for-sale

40,552

3.6

18,878

1.7

18,053

1.9

Investment securities held-to-maturity

2,668

0.2

3,443

0.3

5,415

0.6

Investment securities measured at fair value

224

0.0

199

0.0

135

0.0

Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") and Federal Reserve Bank ("FRB") stock

4,505

0.4

4,491

0.4

4,663

0.5

Loans held for sale and loans held for investment, net

910,732

81.5

874,356

80.9

822,306

84.6

Servicing assets

1,575

0.1

1,525

0.1

1,047

0.1

Other assets acquired through foreclosure, net

2,304

0.2

2,580

0.2.0

2,681

0.3.0

Premises and equipment, net

6,412

0.6

6,870

0.6

7,383

0.8

Other assets

27,460

2.5

28,851

2.7

26,186

2.6

TOTAL ASSETS

1,118,125

100.0

1,082,559

100.0

972,019

100.0

LIABILITIES:

Deposits:

Non-interest-bearing demand

237,849

21.3

205,820

19.0

169,696

17.5

Interest-bearing demand

480,472

43.0

467,720

43.3

314,659

32.4

Savings

24,317

2.2

20,749

1.9

17,419

1.8

Time certificates over 250,000

4,769

0.4

13,965

1.3

82,583

8.5

Other time certificates

156,019

14.0

168,143

15.5

146,527

15.0

Total deposits

903,426

80.9

876,397

81.0

730,884

75.2

FHLB advances and other borrowings

90,795

8.1

94,343

8.7

139,795

14.4

Other liabilities

16,151

1.4

16,049

1.5

16,313

1.6

Total liabilities

1,010,372

90.4

986,789

91.2

886,992

91.2

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Common stock

45,186

4.0

43,627

4.0

42,747

4.4

Retained earnings

62,940

5.6

52,059

4.8

42,340

4.4

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income

(373

0.0

84

0.0

(60

0.0

Total stockholders' equity

107,753

9.6

95,770

8.8

85,027

8.8

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

1,118,125

100.0

1,082,559

100.0

972,019

100.0

Loans Held for Sale

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company the Company had approximately 5.2 million and 6.3 million, respectively, of SBA loans included in loans held for sale. The Company s agricultural
 lending program includes loans for agricultural land, agricultural operational lines, and agricultural term loans for crops, equipment, and livestock. The primary products are supported by guarantees issued from the USDA, FSA, and the USDA Business
 and Industry loan program. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 15.9 million and 17.1 million of USDA loans included in loans held for sale, respectively.

Loan Portfolio

Market Summary

Total gross loans increased by 63.2 million during 2022 to 956.2 million. The majority of this increase was driven by growth in the commercial real estate and manufactured
 housing loan portfolios. Total manufactured housing loans increased by 18.5 million and total commercial real estate loans increased by 64.5 million in 2022 . SBA loans decreased by 20.2 million as a
 result of the forgiveness or repayment of PPP loans during 2022.

25 

Table of Contents 

The table below summarizes the distribution of the Company s loans (including loans held for sale) at the year-end:

December 31,

2022

2021

(dollars in thousands)

Manufactured housing

315,825

297,363

Commercial real estate

545,317

480,801

Commercial

59,070

55,287

SBA

3,482

23,659

HELOC

2,613

3,579

Single family real estate

8,709

8,749

Consumer

107

109

Loans held for sale

21,033

23,408

Total loans

956,156

892,955

Less:

Allowance for loan losses

10,765

10,404

Deferred fees, net

787

838

Discount on SBA loans

27

34

Total loans, net

944,577

881,679

Percentage to Total Loans:

Manufactured housing

33.0

33.3

Commercial real estate

57.0

53.9

Commercial

6.2

6.2

SBA

0.4

2.6

HELOC

0.3

0.4

Single family real estate

0.9

1.0

Consumer

0.0

0.0

Loans held for sale

2.2

2.6

Total

100.0

100.0

Commercial Loans

Commercial loans consist of term loans and revolving business lines of credit. Under the terms of the revolving lines of credit, the Company grants a maximum loan amount, which remains available to
 the business during the loan term. The collateral for these loans typically Uniform Commercial Code UCC-1 lien filings, real estate, and personal guarantees. The Company does not extend material loans of this type in excess of five years.

Commercial Real Estate

Commercial real estate and construction loans are primarily made for the purpose of purchasing, improving or constructing, commercial and industrial properties. This loan category also includes SBA
 504 loans and land loans.

Commercial and industrial real estate loans are primarily secured by nonresidential property. Office buildings or other commercial property primarily secure these types of loans. Loan to appraised
 value ratios on nonresidential real estate loans are generally restricted to 75 of appraised value of the underlying real property if occupied by the owner or owner s business; otherwise, these loans are generally restricted to 70 of appraised
 value of the underlying real property.

The Company makes real estate construction loans on commercial properties and single-family dwellings for speculative purposes. These loans are collateralized by first and second trust deeds on
 real property. Construction loans are generally written with terms of six to eighteen months and usually do not exceed a loan to appraised value of 75 .

SBA 504 loans are made in conjunction with Certified Development Companies. These loans are granted to purchase or construct real estate or acquire machinery and equipment. The loan is structured
 with a conventional first trust deed provided by a private lender and a second trust deed which is funded through the sale of debentures. The predominant structure is terms of 10 down payment, 50 conventional first loan and 40 debenture.
 Construction loans of this type must provide additional collateral to reduce the loan-to-value to approximately 75 . Conventional and investor loans are sometimes funded by our secondary-market partners and CWB receives a premium for these
 transactions.

SBA Loans

SBA loans consist of SBA 7(a), Business and Industry loans B I ), and SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans. The SBA 7(a) loan proceeds are used for working capital,
 machinery and equipment purchases, land and building purposes, leasehold improvements and debt refinancing. At present, the SBA guarantees as much as 85 on loans up to 150,000 and 75 on loans more than 150,000. The SBA s maximum exposure amount
 is 3,750,000. The Company may sell a portion of the loans, however, under the SBA 7(a) loan program; the Company is required to retain a minimum of 5 of the principal balance of each loan it sells into
 the secondary market. 

26 

Table of Contents 

B I loans are guaranteed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The maximum guaranteed amount is 60 to 80 depending on the size of the loan. B I loans are similar to the SBA 7(a) loans
 but are made to businesses in designated rural areas. These loans can also be sold into the secondary market.

In April of 2020, under the CARES Act, CWB began offering SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans. The loans are forgivable in whole or in part and carry a fixed rate of 1 for a term of two
 years (loans made before June 5, 2020) or five years (loans made after June 5, 2020), if not forgiven, in whole or in part. Payments are deferred until either the date on which the SBA remits the amount of the forgiveness proceeds to the lender or
 the date that is 10 months after the day of the covered period if the borrower does not apply for forgiveness within the 10-month period.

Agricultural Loans for Real Estate and Operating Lines

The Company has an agricultural lending program for agricultural land, agricultural operational lines, and agricultural term loans for crops, equipment and livestock. The primary
 product is supported by guarantees issued from the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ), Farm Service Agency FSA ), and the USDA B I loan program. The FSA loans typically have a 90 guarantee up to 2,037,000 (amount adjusted annually based on inflation) for up to 40 years, but not always. The Company had 28.3 million of commercial agriculture loans at December 31, 2022, of which 15.9 million had FSA guarantees and were classified as
 held for sale. 

CWB is an approved Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Farmer Mac lender under the Farmer Mac I and Farmer Mac II Programs. Under the Farmer Mac I program, loans are sourced by CWB, underwritten, funded and
 serviced by Farmer Mac. CWB receives an origination fee and an ongoing field servicing fee of 25 basis points to 115 basis points for maintaining the relationship with the borrower and performing certain loan compliance monitoring, and other duties
 as directed by the Central Servicer.

Manufactured Housing Loans

CWB originates loans secured by manufactured homes located in approved rental, co-operative ownership, condominium and planned unit development mobile home parks in Santa Barbara, Ventura and San
 Luis Obispo Counties as well as along the California coast from San Diego to San Francisco. The loans are made to borrowers for purchasing or refinancing new or existing manufactured homes. The loans are made under either fixed rate programs for
 terms of 10 to 20 years or adjustable-rate programs with terms of 25 to 30 years. The adjustable-rate loans generally have an initial fixed rate period of five years and then adjust annually subject to interest rate caps.

HELOC

Home equity lines of credit HELOC held at the Bank are lines of credit collateralized by residential real estate. Typically, HELOCs are collateralized by a second deed of trust. The combined
 loan-to-value, first trust deed and second trust deed, are not to exceed 75 on all HELOCs. The Bank is not actively originating new HELOCs.

Other Installment Loans

Installment loans consist of automobile and general-purpose loans made to individuals.

Single Family Real Estate Loans

Until the third quarter of 2015, the Company originated loans that consisted of first and second mortgage loans secured by trust deeds on one-to-four family homes. These loans were made to
 borrowers for purposes such as purchasing a home, refinancing an existing home, interest rate reduction or home improvement.

Loan Maturities and Sensitivity to Interest Rates

The following table sets forth the amount of loans (including loans held for sale) outstanding by type of loan as of December 31, 2022 that were contractually due in one year or less, more than one
 year and less than five years, and more than five years based on remaining scheduled repayments of principal. Lines of credit or other loans having no stated final maturity and no stated schedule of repayments are reported as due in one year or less.
 The tables also present an analysis of the rate structure for loans within the same maturity time periods. Actual cash flows from these loans may differ materially from contractual maturities due to prepayment, refinancing or other factors.

27 

Table of Contents 

Due in One

 Year or 

 Less

Due After One

 Year to Five 

 Years

Due After

 Five to 15

 Years

Due 

 After 15

 Years

Total

(in thousands)

Manufactured housing

Floating rate

6,910

32,134

104,923

61,027

204,994

Fixed rate

6,463

27,293

62,415

14,660

110,831

Commercial real estate

Floating rate

42,497

90,322

202,680

734

336,233

Fixed rate

7,448

57,032

144,604

209,084

Commercial

Floating rate

16,644

21,643

9,193

12,815

60,295

Fixed rate

3,958

8,339

2,337

14,634

SBA

Floating rate

1,020

3,011

3,752

873

8,656

Fixed rate

HELOC

Floating rate

57

2,556

2,613

Fixed rate

Single family real estate

Floating rate

289

1,546

4,295

613

6,743

Fixed rate

156

700

1,047

63

1,966

Consumer

Floating rate

Fixed rate

59

48

107

Total

85,501

244,576

535,246

90,833

956,156

Note that net deferred loan fees and discounts on SBA loans totaling (0.8) million were not included in the above loan balances.

At December 31, 2022, total loans consisted of 64.8 with floating rates and 35.2 with fixed rates. Variable rate manufactured housing loans, which generally have an initial fixed rate period for
 the first five years, are included in floating rate loans.

The following table presents loans due after one year as of December 31, 2022:

Fixed Rate

Variable 

 Rate

Total

(in thousands)

Manufactured housing

104,368

198,084

302,452

Commercial real estate

201,636

293,736

495,372

Commercial

10,676

43,651

54,327

SBA

7,636

7,636

HELOC

2,556

2,556

Single family real estate

1,810

6,454

8,264

Consumer

48

48

Total

318,538

552,117

870,655

High Risk Industries Impacted By COVID-19

The industries most heavily impacted include retail, healthcare, hospitality, schools, and energy. The Company s management team has evaluated the loans related to the affected industries and at December 31, 2022, the
 Bank s loans to these industries were 220.1 million, which is 23.0 of our 955.3 million loan portfolio.

Importantly, of the selected industry loans, only a de minimis amount are on non-accrual status. Also, of the selected industries loans, 7.1 million, or 3.2 , are considered to be classified. Lastly, the Bank has not
 made payment accommodations to any of these loan borrowers as of December 31, 2022.

28 

Table of Contents 

Concentrations of Lending Activities

The Company s lending activities are primarily driven by the customers served in the market areas where the Company has branch offices in the Central Coast of California. The Company monitors
 concentrations within selected categories such as geography and product. The Company makes manufactured housing, commercial, SBA, construction, commercial real estate and consumer loans to customers through branch offices located in the Company s
 primary markets. The Company s business is concentrated in these areas and the loan portfolio includes significant credit exposure to the manufactured housing and commercial real estate markets of these areas. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 manufactured housing loans comprised 33.0 and 33.3 , of total loans, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, commercial real estate loans accounted for approximately 57.0 and 53.9 of total loans, respectively. Approximately 24.5 and 27.8 
 of these commercial real estate loans were owner occupied at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Substantially all of these loans are secured by first liens with an average loan to value ratios of 50.4 and 53.7 at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively. The Company was within established policy limits at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Interest Reserves

Interest reserves are generally established at the time of the loan origination as an expense item in the budget for a construction and land development loan. The Company s practice is to monitor
 the construction, sales and/or leasing progress to determine the feasibility of ongoing construction and development projects. If, at any time during the life of the loan, the project is determined not to be viable, the Company discontinues the use
 of the interest reserve and may take appropriate action to protect its collateral position via renegotiation and/or legal action as deemed appropriate. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 14 loans with an outstanding balance of 38.4 million with
 available interest reserves of 4.2 million. Total construction and land loans are approximately 5.2 and 3.7 of the Company s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Impaired loans

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and/or interest under the contractual
 terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and/or interest payments. Loans that experience insignificant
 payment delays or payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays or payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis. When determining the possibility of impairment, management
 considers the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower's prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. For
 collateral-dependent loans, the Company uses the fair value of collateral method to measure impairment. All other loans are measured for impairment based on the present value of future cash flows. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for
 all impaired loans in the portfolio.

A loan is considered a troubled debt restructured loan TDR when concessions have been made to the borrower and the borrower is in financial difficulty. These concessions include but are not
 limited to term extensions, rate reductions and principal reductions. Forgiveness of principal is rarely granted and modifications for all classes of loans are predominantly term extensions. TDR loans are also considered impaired.

The recorded investment in loans that are considered impaired is as follows:

December 31,

2022

2021

(in thousands)

Impaired loans with specific valuation allowances

3,443

4,487

Impaired loans without specific valuation allowances

2,614

4,749

Specific valuation allowance related to impaired loans

(184

(240

Impaired loans, net

5,873

8,996

Average investment in impaired loans

6,958

10,858

29 

Table of Contents 

The following schedule summarizes impaired loans and the related allowance for loan losses allocated to those impaired loans by loan class as of the periods indicated:

Manufactured

 Housing

Commercial

 Real 

 Estate

Commercial

SBA

HELOC

Single Family

 Real 
 Estate

Consumer

Total

 Loans

Impaired Loans as of December 31, 2022:

(in thousands)

Recorded Investment:

Impaired loans with an allowance recorded

2,918

209 

67 

41

208

3,443

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

1,166

1,297

151

2,614

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

4,084

209

1,364

41

359

6,057

Related Allowance for Loan Losses

Impaired loans with an allowance recorded

157

18

1

8

184

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

157

18

1

8

184

Total impaired loans, net

3,927

191

1,364

40

351

5,873

None of the impaired loans shown above are government guaranteed.

Manufactured

 Housing

Commercial

 Real

 Estate

Commercial

SBA

HELOC

Single

 Family

 Real 

 Estate

Consumer

Total

 Loans

Impaired Loans as of December 31, 2021:

(in thousands)

Recorded Investment:

Impaired loans with an allowance recorded

3,563

220

85

194

425

4,487

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

1,358

1,402

1,505

226

258

4,749

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

4,921

1,622

1,590

420

683

9,236

Related Allowance for Loan Losses

Impaired loans with an allowance recorded

210

17

1

12

240

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

210

17

1

12

240

Total impaired loans, net

4,711

1,605

1,590

419

671

8,996

Included in the above amounts are 0.3 million of impaired loans that are government guaranteed.

Total impaired loans decreased by 3.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Impaired commercial real estate loans decreased by 1.4 million, impaired manufactured housing
 loans decreased by 0.8 million, impaired SBA loans decreased by 0.4 million, impaired single family loans decreased by 0.3 million, and impaired commercial loans decreased by 0.2 million. The reduction in impaired loans was mainly due to
 payoffs or paydowns of impaired loan balances of 3.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022.

30 

Table of Contents 

The following schedule reflects recorded investment in certain types of loans at the dates indicated:

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(in thousands)

Total nonaccrual loans

211

565

3,872

Government guaranteed portion of loans included above

(207

Total nonaccrual loans without government guarantees

211

565

3,665

Allowance for loan losses to total nonaccrual loans

5,102

1,841

263

Nonaccrual loans to total loans outstanding

0.02

0.06

0.43

TDR loans, gross

5,996

8,565

11,141

Loans 30 through 89 days past due with interest accruing

2,880

704

1,889

Allowance for loan losses to gross loans held for investment

1.15

1.20

1.23

Allowance for loan losses to impaired loans

177.73

112.65

81.56

Interest income recognized on impaired loans

501

660

758

Interest income that would have been recorded under the original terms of nonaccrual loans

38

154

254

The accrual of interest is discontinued when substantial doubt exists as to collectability of the loan; generally, at the time the loan is 90 days delinquent. Any unpaid but accrued interest is
 reversed at that time. Thereafter, interest income is usually no longer recognized on the loan. Interest income may be recognized on impaired loans to the extent they are not past due by 90 days. Interest on nonaccrual loans is accounted for on the
 cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all of the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.

The following table summarizes the composition of nonaccrual loans:

At December 31, 2022

At December 31, 2021

Nonaccrual

 Balance

Percent of

 Total Loans

Nonaccrual

 Balance

Percent of

 Total Loans

(dollars in thousands)

Manufactured housing

61

28.91

0.01

306

54.16

0.03

SBA

0.00

0.00

1

0.18

0.00

Single family real estate

150

71.09

0.01

258

45.66

0.03

Total nonaccrual loans

211

100.00

0.02

565

100.00

0.06

Total nonaccrual balances decreased 0.4 million to 0.2 million at December 31, 2022, from 0.6 million at December 31, 2021. None of the nonaccrual loans were guaranteed by the U.S. government or
 its agencies at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The percentage of nonaccrual loans to the total loan portfolio has decreased to 0.02 as of December 31, 2022 from 0.06 at December 31, 2021.

CWB or the SBA repurchases the guaranteed portion of SBA loans from investors when those loans become past due 120 days. After the foreclosure and collection process is complete, the SBA reimburses
 CWB for this principal balance. Therefore, although these balances do not earn interest during this period, they generally do not result in a loss of principal to CWB.

31 

Table of Contents 

Net Loan (Recoveries) Charge-offs 

The following table reflects net (recoveries) charge-offs by portfolio type for the periods indicated.

December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(dollars in thousands)

Net charge-offs (recoveries):

Manufactured housing

(139

(218

(27

Commercial real estate

(80

(80

(80

Commercial

(190

(40

(133

SBA

(134

(47

(7

HELOC

(12

(6

(6

Single family real estate

(1

(1

Consumer

(1

1

Total net (recoveries) charge-offs

(556

(391

(254

Average loan balance

Manufactured housing

305,318

288,039

267,851

Commercial real estate

520,240

438,792

394,417

Commercial

69,994

71,866

91,602

SBA

13,331

73,672

63,955

HELOC

3,686

2,137

2,880

Single family real estate

8,935

9,996

11,069

Consumer

134

99

89

Total average loan balance

921,638

884,601

831,863

Net charge-offs annualized percentage

Manufactured housing

(0.05

(0.08

(0.01

Commercial real estate

(0.02

(0.02

(0.02

Commercial

(0.27

(0.06

(0.15

SBA

(1.01

(0.06

(0.01

HELOC

(0.33

(0.28

(0.21

Single family real estate

0.00

(0.01

(0.01

Consumer

(0.75

1.01

0.00

Total net (recoveries) charge-offs to average loans

(0.06

(0.04

(0.03

At December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses was 10.8 million or 1.15 of gross loans compared to 10.4 million or 1.20 of gross loans at December 31, 2021.

The following table summarizes the allocation of allowance for loan losses by loan type. However, allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its
 availability to absorb losses in other categories:

December 31,

2022

2021

Amount

of Loans in

 Each 

 Category to

 Gross Loans

Amount

of Loans in

 Each Category

 to Gross 

 Loans

Manufactured housing

3,879

33.8

2,606

34.2

Commercial real estate

5,980

58.4

6,729

55.3

Commercial

747

6.2

923

6.4

SBA

21

0.4

22

2.7

HELOC

27

0.3

18

0.4

Single family real estate

107

0.9

105

1.0

Consumer

4

0.0

1

0.0

Total

10,765

100.0

10,404

100.0

The total allowance for loan losses increased by 0.4 million to 10.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. In addition, the Company had net recoveries of 0.6 million in 2022
 compared to net recoveries of 0.4 million in 2021.

32 

Table of Contents 

Investment Securities

Investment securities are classified at the time of acquisition as either held-to-maturity or available-for-sale based upon various factors, including asset/liability management strategies,
 liquidity and profitability objectives, and regulatory requirements. Securities classified as held-to-maturity are debt securities that management has both the intent and ability to hold to maturity, regardless of changes in market conditions,
 liquidity needs, or general economic conditions. These types of securities are carried at amortized cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts. Available-for-sale securities are securities that may be sold prior to maturity
 based upon asset/liability management decisions. Investment securities identified as available-for-sale are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) in stockholders equity. Amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts on mortgage-backed securities is periodically adjusted for estimated prepayments.

The investment securities portfolio of the Company is utilized as collateral for borrowings, required collateral for public deposits, and to manage liquidity, capital, and interest rate risk.

The weighted average yields of investment securities by maturity period were as follows at December 31, 2022:

December 31, 2022

Less than One 

 Year

One to Five 

 Years

Five to Ten 

 Years

Over Ten Years

Total

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Amount

Yield

Securities available-for-sale

(dollars in thousands)

U.S. government agency notes

519

3.59

3,588

4.40

4,107

4.30

U.S. government agency CMO

4,296

4.63

4,296

4.63

U.S. Treasury securities

9,970

2.06

9,970

2.06

Corporate debt securities

8,315

3.74

8,315

3.74

Total

9,970

2.06

8,834

3.73

7,884

4.53

26,688

3.34

Securities held-to-maturity

U.S. government agency MBS

746

3.60

1,811

3.68

2,557

3.66

Total

746

3.60

1,811

3.68

2,557

3.66

Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers or issuers have the right to call or prepay certain investment securities. Changes in interest rates may also impact
 prepayment or call options.

The Company does not own any subprime mortgage-backed securities MBS in its investment portfolio. Gross unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 are primarily caused by interest rate
 fluctuations, credit spread widening, and reduced liquidity in applicable markets. The Company has reviewed all securities on which there was an unrealized loss in accordance with its accounting policy for other than temporary impaired OTTI described in Note 2 - Investment Securities and determined no impairment was required. At December 31, 2022, the Company had the intent and the ability to retain its investments for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in
 fair value.

Other Assets Acquired Through Foreclosure

The following table represents the changes in other assets acquired through foreclosure:

December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(in thousands)

Balance, beginning of period

2,518

2,614

2,524

Additions

136

106

Proceeds from dispositions

(384

Gains (losses) on sales, net

116

(232

(16

Balance, end of period

2,250

2,518

2,614

Other assets acquired through foreclosure consist primarily of properties acquired as a result of, or in-lieu-of, foreclosure. Properties or other assets (primarily manufactured housing) are
 classified as other assets acquired through foreclosure and are reported at fair value at the time of foreclosure less estimated costs to sell. Costs relating to development or improvement of the assets are capitalized and costs related to holding
 the assets are charged to expense. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 0.3 million and 0.3 million valuation allowance on foreclosed assets, respectively.

33 

Table of Contents 

Deposits

The average balances by deposit type as of the dates presented below:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Average

 Balance

Percent of

 Total

Average

 Balance

Percent of

 Total

Average

 Balance

Percent of

 Total

(dollars in thousands)

Non-interest-bearing demand deposits

237,849

26.3

205,820

23.5

169,696

23.2

Interest-bearing demand deposits

480,472

53.2

467,720

53.3

314,659

43.1

Savings

24,317

2.7

20,749

2.4

17,419

2.4

Time deposits over 250,000

4,769

0.5

13,965

1.6

25,599

3.5

Other time deposits

156,019

17.3

168,143

19.2

203,511

27.8

Total deposits

903,426

100.0

876,397

100.0

730,884

100.0

Total deposits decreased to 875.1 million at December 31, 2022 from 950.1 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 75.0 million. Non-interest-bearing demand deposits increased by 6.6 million
 to 216.5 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 209.9 million December 31, 2021. Interest-bearing demand deposits decreased by 109.3 million to 428.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 537.5 million at December 31, 2021. Total demand
 deposits decreased by 102.7 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to net outflows of money market deposits as a result of the higher interest rate environment. Certificates of deposits increased by 27.9 million
 to 206.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 179.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in certificate of deposit balances related to increased balances from wholesale funding. Deposits have been the primary source of funding the
 Company s asset growth. In addition, the Bank is a member of Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS and Insured Cash Sweep ("ICS") services. Both CDARS and ICS provide a mechanism for obtaining FDIC insurance for large deposits. At
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 51.1 million and 6.5 million, respectively of CDARS deposits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 69.2 million and 93.3 million, respectively of ICS deposits.

Uninsured Deposits

Uninsured deposits are defined as the portion of deposit accounts in U.S. offices that exceed the FDIC insurance limit or similar state deposit insurance regimes and any other uninsured investment
 or deposit accounts that are classified as deposits and not subject to any federal or state deposit insurance regimes.

The following table presents time certificate of deposits over the FDIC insurance limits by maturities:

December 31,

2022

2021

Over

 250,000

Over

 250,000

Less than three months

1,295

4,703

Three to six months

930

5,882

Six to twelve months

1,251

2,941

Over twelve months

2,217

586

Total

5,693

14,112

The Company estimates its total uninsured deposits to be 332.1 million and 415.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The Company s deposits may fluctuate as a result of local and national economic conditions. Management does not believe that deposit levels are influenced by seasonal factors.

The Company utilizes brokered deposits in accordance with strategic and liquidity planning.

34 

Table of Contents 

Other Borrowings

The following table sets forth certain information regarding FHLB advances and other borrowings.

December 31,

2022

2021

2020

FHLB and FRB PPPLF Advances

(in thousands)

Maximum month-end balance

110,000

105,000

200,103

Balance at year end

90,000

90,000

105,000

Average balance

90,795

94,343

132,855

Other Borrowings

Maximum month-end balance

10,000

Balance at year end

Average balance

6,940

Total borrowed funds

90,000

90,000

105,000

Weighted average interest rate at end of year

0.86

0.86

1.03

Weighted average interest rate during the year

0.90

1.04

1.27

FHLB and FRB Advances

The Company utilizes borrowed funds to support liquidity needs. The Company s borrowing capacity at FHLB and FRB is determined based on collateral pledged, generally consisting of securities and
 loans. At December 31, 2022, no advances were outstanding from the FRB.

The Company also had 39.0 million of letters of credit with the FHLB at December 31, 2022 to secure public funds. The Company, through the Bank, has a blanket lien credit line with the FHLB. FHLB
 advances are collateralized in the aggregate by the Company s eligible loans and securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had pledged 21.1 million of securities and 232.6 million of loans to the FHLB as collateral. At December 31, 2022, the
 Company had 41.6 million available for additional borrowing.

The Company has established a credit line with the FRB. Advances are collateralized in the aggregate by eligible loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were 248.6 million of loans pledged as
 collateral to the FRB. There were no outstanding FRB advances as of December 31, 2022. Available borrowing capacity was 78.9 million as of December 31, 2022.

Line of Credit

In September of 2021, the Company entered into an unsecured line of credit agreement for up to 5.0 million at Prime + 0.25 . The Company must maintain a compensating deposit with the lender of 1.0 million. In
 addition, the Company must maintain a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.65 to 1, a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 7.0 , a minimum total risked based capital ratio of 10.0 and a maximum net non-accrual ratio of not more than 3 . The line of
 credit matured in September 2022 and the Company renewed the line of credit for an additional one-year term and increased the amount available to 10.0 million with no other changes to the financial terms or covenants. As of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, there were no outstanding balances on the revolving line of credit.

Federal Funds Purchased Lines

The Company has federal funds borrowing lines at correspondent banks totaling 20.0 million. There were no amounts outstanding on these lines as of December 31, 2022.

Preferred Stock

There are no shares of the Company's preferred stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Capital Resources

The federal banking agencies have adopted risk-based capital adequacy guidelines that are used to assess the adequacy of capital in supervising bank holding companies and banks. In July 2013, the
 federal banking agencies approved the final rules Final Rules to establish a new comprehensive regulatory capital framework with a phase-in period beginning January 1, 2015, and ending January 1, 2019. The Final Rules implement the third
 installment of the Basel Accords Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act and substantially amended the regulatory risk-based capital rules
 applicable to the Company. Basel III redefined the regulatory capital elements and minimum capital ratios, introduced regulatory capital buffers above those minimums, revised rules for calculating risk-weighted assets and added a new component of
 Tier 1 capital called Common Equity Tier 1, which includes common equity and retained earnings and excludes preferred equity.

35 

Table of Contents 

In November 2019, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule, which provides for an additional optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy, the community bank leverage ratio framework. The final rule
 was effective January 1, 2020. Under this framework, the bank would choose the option of using the community bank leverage ratio (CBLR). In order to qualify, a community banking organization is defined as having less than 10 billion in total
 consolidated assets, a leverage ratio greater than 9 , off-balance sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated assets, and trading assets and liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets. A CBLR bank may opt out of the framework at
 any time, without restriction, by reverting to the generally applicable risk-based capital rules. The Company chose the CBLR option for calculation of its capital ratio in the first quarter of 2020. As of the fourth quarter 2021, the Company
 rescinded its CBLR election.

The following table illustrates the Bank s regulatory ratios and the current adequacy guidelines as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fully phased in guidelines are also summarized.

Total 

 Capital

 (To Risk-

 Weighted

 Assets)

Tier 1 Capital

 (To Risk-

 Weighted

 Assets)

Common Equity 

 Tier 1

 (To Risk-

 Weighted Assets)

Leverage Ratio/Tier 

 1 Capital

 (To Average Assets)

December 31, 2022

CWB's actual regulatory ratios

12.56

11.44

11.44

10.34

Minimum capital requirements

8.00

6.00

4.50

4.00

Well-capitalized requirements

10.00

8.00

6.50

5.00

Minimum capital requirements including fully phased in capital conservation buffer

10.50

8.50

7.00

N/A

December 31, 2021

CWB's actual regulatory ratios

12.19

11.02

11.02

8.56

Minimum capital requirements

8.00

6.00

4.50

4.00

Well-capitalized requirements

10.00

8.00

6.50

5.00

Minimum capital requirements including fully phased in capital conservation buffer

10.50

8.50

7.00

N/A

Liquidity

Liquidity for a bank is the ongoing ability to fund asset growth and business operations, to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals and meet contractual obligations through
 unconstrained access to funding at reasonable market rates. Liquidity management involves forecasting funding requirements and maintaining sufficient capacity to meet the needs and accommodate fluctuations in asset and liability levels due to changes
 in our business operations or unanticipated events.

The ability to have readily available funds sufficient to repay fully maturing liabilities is of primary importance to depositors, creditors and regulators. CWB's available liquidity is represented
 by cash, amounts due from banks, and non-pledged marketable securities. CWB manages its liquidity risk through operating, investing, and financing activities. In order to ensure funds are available when necessary, on at least a quarterly basis, CWB
 projects the amount of funds that will be required. Liquidity requirements can also be met through short-term borrowings or the disposition of short-term assets. The Company has federal funds borrowing lines at correspondent banks totaling 20.0
 million. In addition, loans and securities are pledged to the FHLB providing 41.6 million in available borrowing capacity as of December 31, 2022. Loans pledged to the FRB discount window provided 78.9 million in borrowing capacity at December 31,
 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings from the FRB.

The Bank has established policies as well as analytical tools to manage liquidity. Proper liquidity management ensures that sufficient funds are available to meet normal operating demands in
 addition to unexpected customer demand for funds, such as high levels of deposit withdrawals or increased loan demand, in a timely and cost-effective manner. The most important factor in the preservation of liquidity is maintaining public confidence
 that facilitates the retention and growth of core deposits. Ultimately, public confidence is gained through profitable operations, sound credit quality and a strong capital position. CWB s liquidity management is viewed from a long-term and
 short-term perspective, as well as from an asset and liability perspective. Management monitors liquidity through regular reviews of maturity profiles, funding sources and loan and deposit forecasts to minimize funding risk. The Bank has
 asset/liability committees ALCO at the Board and Bank management level to review asset/liability management and liquidity issues.

36 

Table of Contents 

The Company, through CWB, has a blanket lien credit line with the FHLB. FHLB advances are collateralized in the aggregate by the Company s eligible loans and securities. Total FHLB advances were
 90.0 million and 90.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, borrowed at fixed rates. At December 31, 2022, CWB had pledged to FHLB, securities of 21.1 million at carrying value and loans of 232.6 million. At December 31, 2021, the
 Company had pledged to FHLB, securities of 13.2 million at carrying value and loans of 286.6 million, and had 44.5 million available for additional borrowing.

In September of 2021, the Company entered into an unsecured line of credit agreement for up to 5.0 million at Prime + 0.25 . The Company must maintain a compensating deposit with the lender of
 1.0 million. In addition, the Company must maintain a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.65, a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 7.0 a minimum total risked based capital ratio of 10.0 and a maximum net non-accrual ratio of not more than 3 .
 The line of credit matured in September 2022 and the Company renewed the line of credit for an additional one-year term and increased the amount available to 10.0 million with no other changes to the financial terms or covenants. At December 31,
 2022 and 2021, the line of credit balance was zero.

The Company has not experienced disintermediation and does not believe this is a likely occurrence, although there is significant competition for core deposits. The liquidity ratio of the Bank was
 10.4 , and 21.7 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank s liquidity ratio fluctuates in conjunction with loan funding demands. The liquidity ratio consists of the sum of cash and due from banks, deposits in other financial
 institutions, available for sale investments, and loans held for sale divided by total assets.

As a legal entity, separate and distinct from the Bank, CWBC must rely on its own resources for its liquidity. CWBC s routine funding
 requirements primarily consisted of certain operating expenses, common stock dividends and interest payments on the other borrowings. CWBC obtains funding to meet its obligations from dividends collected from CWB and fees charged for services
 provided to CWB and has the capability to issue equity and debt securities. Federal banking laws and regulatory requirements regulate the amount of dividends that may be paid by a banking subsidiary without prior approval. During 2022, CWBC
 declared dividends of 2.6 million. On January 27, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors declared a 0.08 per share dividend payable February 28, 2023, to stockholders of record on February 10, 2023. The Company anticipates that it will continue
 to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, although there can be no assurance that payment of such dividends will continue or that they will not be reduced. 

Our material cash requirements may include funding existing loan commitments, funding equity investments, withdrawal/maturity of existing deposits, repayment of borrowings, operating lease
 payments, and expenditures necessary to maintain current operations.

The Company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business as a source of funds for its asset growth and to meet required capital needs. The following schedule summarizes
 maturities and principal payments due on our contractual obligations excluding accrued interest:

December 31, 2022

Less than 

 1 year

More 

 than 1 

 year

Total

(dollars in thousands)

Time deposit maturities

115,033

91,894

206,927

FHLB advances

90,000

90,000

Operating lease obligations

1,014

4,888

5,902

Total

116,047

186,782

302,829

In the ordinary course of business, we enter into various transactions to meet the financing needs of our customers, which, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, are not
 included in our consolidated balance sheets. These transactions include off-balance sheet commitments, including commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. The following table presents a summary of the Company's commitments to extend
 credit by expiration period:

At December 31, 2021

Less than 

 1 year

More 

 than 1 

 year

Total

(dollars in thousands)

Loan commitments to extend credit

76,498

19,813

3,700

Standby letters of credit

-

-

-

Total

76,498

19,813

3,700

37 

Table of Contents 

Interest Rate Risk

The Company is exposed to different types of interest rate risks. These risks include lag, repricing, basis and prepayment risk.

Lag risk results from the inherent timing difference between the repricing of the Company s adjustable-rate assets and liabilities. For instance, certain loans tied to the prime rate index may only
 reprice on a quarterly basis. This lag can produce some short-term volatility, particularly in times of numerous prime rate changes.

Repricing risk is caused by the mismatch in the maturities or repricing periods between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. If CWB was perfectly matched, the net interest
 margin would expand during rising rate periods and contract during falling rate periods. This happens because loans tend to reprice more quickly than funding sources.

Basis risk is due to item pricing tied to different indices which tend to react differently. CWB s variable products are mainly priced off the treasury and prime rates.

Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying down or paying off their loans prior to maturity. Prepayments on fixed-rate products increase in falling interest rate environments and decrease in
 rising interest rate environments. A majority of CWB s loans have adjustable rates and are reset based on changes in the treasury and prime rates.

The Company s ability to originate, purchase and sell loans is also significantly impacted by changes in interest rates. In addition, increases in interest rates may reduce the amount of loan and
 commitment fees received by CWB.

Management of Interest Rate Risk

To mitigate the impact of changes in market interest rates on the Company s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the amounts and maturities are actively managed. Short-term,
 adjustable-rate assets are generally retained as they have similar repricing characteristics as funding sources. CWB can sell a portion of its FSA and SBA loan originations. While the Company has some interest rate exposure in excess of five years,
 it has internal policy limits designed to minimize risk should interest rates rise. The Company has not used derivative instruments to help manage risk but will consider such instruments in the future if the perceived need should arise.

For further discussion regarding the impact to the Company of interest rate changes, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk.

Litigation

See Part 1. Item 3: Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-K.

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

Introduction

CWBC is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is registered with, regulated, and examined by the Board of Governors of the Federal
 Reserve System (the FRB ). In addition to the regulation of the Company by the FRB, CWB is subject to extensive regulation and periodic examination, principally by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ). The Federal Deposit Insurance
 Corporation FDIC insures the Bank s deposits up to certain prescribed limits. The Company is also subject to jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of
 1933 (the "Securities Act") and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), and through the listing of the common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Select Market, the Company is subject to the rules of NASDAQ.

Banking is a complex, highly regulated industry. The primary goals of the rules and regulations are to maintain a safe and sound banking system, protect depositors and the FDIC s insurance fund,
 and facilitate the conduct of sound monetary policy. In furtherance of these goals, Congress and the states have created several largely autonomous regulatory agencies and enacted numerous laws that govern banks, bank holding companies and the
 financial services industry. Consequently, the growth and earnings performance of the Company can be affected not only by Management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of applicable state and federal statues,
 regulations and the policies of various governmental regulatory authorities.

From time to time laws or regulations are enacted which have the effect of increasing the cost of doing business, limiting or expanding the scope of permissible activities, or changing the
 competitive balance between banks and other financial and non-financial institutions. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the operations of banks and bank holding companies are frequently made in Congress and by various bank and
 other regulatory agencies. Future changes in the laws, regulations or polices that impact CWBC and CWB cannot necessarily be predicted, but they may have a material effect on the business and earnings of the Company.

38 

Table of Contents 

Securities Registration and Listing

CWBC s common stock is registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act and, therefore, is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance, and other disclosure
 requirements and restrictions of the Exchange Act as well as the Securities Act both administered by the SEC. CWBC is required to file annual, quarterly and other current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site, http://www.sec.gov,
 at which CWBC s filings with the SEC may be accessed. CWBC s SEC filings are also available on its website at www.communitywest.com.

CWBC s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and trade under the symbol CWBC. As a company listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, CWBC is subject to NASDAQ standards for listed
 companies. CWBC is also subject to certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act FDICIA ), provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 Dodd-Frank ), and other federal and state laws and regulations that govern financial presentations, corporate governance requirements for board audit and compensation committees and their members, and disclosure of controls and procedures and
 internal control over financial reporting, auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. NASDAQ has also adopted corporate governance rules which are intended to allow shareholders and
 investors to more easily and efficiently monitor the performance of companies and their directors.

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act

The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted in 2010 and effectuated a fundamental restructuring of federal banking regulation. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act created the Financial Stability Oversight
 Council to identify systemic risks in the financial system and oversee and coordinate the actions of the U.S. financial regulatory agencies.

The Dodd-Frank Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder require, among other things, that: (i) the consolidated capital requirements of depository holding companies must be not less stringent
 than those applied to depository institutions; (ii) the reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund was raised to 1.35 ; (iii) publicly traded companies, such as CWBC, must provide their stockholders with a non-binding vote on executive compensation
 at least every three years and on golden parachute payments in connection with approvals of mergers and acquisitions unless previously voted on by shareholders; (iv) the deposit insurance amounts for banks, savings institutions, and credit unions
 be permanently increased to 250,000 per qualified depositor; (v) authority was given to the federal banking regulators to prohibit extensive compensation to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies with assets in excess of
 1.0 billion; (vi) Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act was broadened and prohibits a depository institution from purchasing an asset from or selling an asset to an insider unless the transaction is on market terms and if representing more than 10 
 of capital, is approved by the disinterested directors; (vii) interstate branching rights were expanded; and (viii) bank entities, under the Volker Rule ), were prohibited from conducting certain investment activities that are considered
 proprietary trading with their own accounts.

2018 Regulatory Reform - The EGRRCPA

In 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the EGRRCPA ), was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those
 implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act. While the EGRRCPA maintained most of the regulatory structure established by the Dodd-Frank Act, it amended certain aspects of the regulatory framework for small depository institutions with assets of less than
 10 billion, such as CWB, and for large banks with assets of more than 50 billion.

The EGRRCPA, among other matters, expanded the definition of qualified mortgages which may be held by a financial institution and simplified the regulatory capital rules for financial institutions
 and their holding companies with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion by instructing the federal banking regulators to establish a single Community Bank Leverage Ratio of between 8-10 . Any qualifying depository institution or its
 holding company that exceeds the Community Bank Leverage Ratio will be considered to have met generally applicable leverage and risk-based regulatory capital requirements and any qualifying depository institution that exceeds the ratio will be
 considered to be "well capitalized" under the prompt corrective action rules. The EGRRCPA also expanded the category of holding companies that may rely on the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement by
 raising the maximum amount of assets a qualifying holding company may have from 1 billion to 3 billion. This expansion also excludes such holding companies from the minimum capital requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, the EGRRCPA
 includes regulatory relief for community banks regarding regulatory examination cycles, call reports, the Volcker Rule, mortgage disclosures and risk weights for certain high-risk commercial real estate loans.

The current administration has expressed a commitment to reemphasize restrictions on financial institutions and the enforcement of the protective measures included in the Dodd-Frank Act. At this
 time, the Company cannot predict which provisions will be enforced and what effect, if any, such action may have upon the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and the Bank.

39 

Table of Contents 

Financial Institutions Capital Rules

The Basel III accord was developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision to strengthen regulation, supervision, and risk management and avoid disruptions in financial markets. The Basel III standards, among
 other things: (i) implemented increased capital levels for CWBC and CWB; (ii) introduced a new capital measure of common equity Tier 1 capital known as "CET1" and related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (iii) specified that
 Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments meeting certain revised requirements; (iv) mandated that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of
 capital; and (v) expanded the scope of the deductions from and adjustments to capital. Under Basel III, for most banking organizations the most common form of Additional Tier 1 capital is non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and the most common
 form of Tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allowance for loan and lease losses, in each case, subject to Basel III specific requirements.

Under Basel III, the minimum capital ratios are as follows: (i) 4.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (ii) 6.0 Tier 1 capital (that is, CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets; (iii) 8.0 Total
 capital (that is, Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets; and (iv) 4 Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on regulatory financial statements (known as the leverage ratio ). The Basel III capital
 conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses and protect the financial institution during periods of economic difficulties. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets, Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets, or total capital to
 risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the capital conservation buffer face limitations on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase shares, or pay discretionary bonuses based on the amount of the shortfall and the institution s "eligible
 retained income." Under the capital conservation buffer, CWBC and CWB are required to maintain an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of CET1, effectively resulting in minimum ratios of: (i) CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7 ;
 (ii) Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.5 ; and (iii) total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 10.5 .

Basel III provides for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include the requirement that deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating
 loss carrybacks and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10 of CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceed 15 of CET1.

Basel III provides a standardized approach for risk weightings that expands the risk-weighting categories from the previous four Basel I-derived categories (0 , 20 , 50 and 100 to a larger and more risk-sensitive
 number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities to 600 for certain equity exposures, resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset classes . 

CWBC 

General. As a bank holding company, CWBC is registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
 amended ("BHCA"), and is subject to regulation by the FRB. According to FRB Policy, CWBC is expected to act as a source of financial strength for CWB, to commit resources to support it in circumstances where CWBC might not otherwise do so. Under the
 BHCA, CWBC is subject to periodic examination by the FRB. CWBC is also required to file periodic reports of its operations and any additional information regarding its activities and those of its subsidiaries as may be required by the FRB.

Bank Holding Company Liquidity . CWBC is a legal entity, separate and distinct from CWB. CWBC has the
 ability to raise capital on its own behalf or borrow from external sources, CWBC may also obtain additional funds from dividends paid by, and fees charged for services provided to, CWB. However, regulatory constraints on CWB may restrict or totally
 preclude the payment of dividends by CWB to CWBC.

Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders . CWBC and any subsidiaries it may purchase or organize are
 deemed to be affiliates of CWB within the meaning of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, and the FRB s Regulation W. Under Sections 23A and 23B and Regulation W, loans by CWB to affiliates, investments by them in affiliates stock, and
 taking affiliates stock as collateral for loans to any borrower is limited to 10 of CWB s capital, in the case of any one affiliate, and is limited to 20 of CWB s capital, in the case of all affiliates. In addition, transactions between CWB and
 other affiliates must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices. In particular, a bank and its subsidiaries generally may not purchase from an affiliate a low-quality asset, as defined in the Federal Reserve
 Act. These restrictions also prevent a bank holding company and its other affiliates from borrowing from a banking subsidiary of the bank holding company unless the loans are secured by marketable collateral of designated amounts. CWBC and CWB are
 also subject to certain restrictions with respect to engaging in the underwriting, public sale and distribution of securities.

The Federal Reserve Act and FRB Regulation O place limitations and conditions on loans or extensions of credit to a bank or bank holding company s executive officers, directors, and principal
 shareholders; any company controlled by any such executive officer, director, or shareholder; or any political or campaign committee controlled by such executive officer, director, or principal shareholder. Additionally, such loans or extensions of
 credit must comply with loan-to-one-borrower limits, require prior full board approval when aggregate extensions of credit to the person exceed specified amounts, must be made on substantially the same and follow credit-underwriting procedures no
 less stringent than those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-insiders, must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features, and must not exceed the bank s unimpaired capital and
 unimpaired surplus in the aggregate.

Limitations on Business and Investment Activities . Under the BHCA, a bank holding company must obtain
 the FRB s approval before: (i) directly or indirectly acquiring more than 5 ownership or control of any voting shares of another bank or bank holding company; (ii) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of another bank; or (iii) merging or
 consolidating with another bank holding company.

40 

Table of Contents 

The FRB may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the United States without regard to whether the acquisition is prohibited by the law of the state in which the
 target bank is located. In approving interstate acquisitions, however, the FRB must give effect to applicable state laws limiting the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank holding company and its insured depository
 institutions in the state in which the target bank is located, provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state depository institutions or their holding companies, and state laws which require that the target bank have been in
 existence for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company.

In addition to owning or managing banks, bank holding companies may own subsidiaries engaged in certain businesses that the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper
 incident thereto. CWBC, therefore, is permitted to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses.

Additionally, qualifying bank holding companies making an appropriate election to the FRB may engage in a full range of financial activities, including insurance, securities, and merchant banking.
 CWBC has not elected to qualify for these financial services.

Federal law prohibits a bank holding company and any subsidiary banks from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with the extension of credit. Thus, for example, CWB may not extend
 credit, lease or sell property, furnish any services, or fix or vary the consideration for any of the foregoing on the condition that:

the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or services from or to CWB other than a loan, discount, deposit, or trust services;

the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or service from or to CWBC or any subsidiaries; or

the customer must not obtain some other credit, property, or services from competitors, except reasonable requirements to assure soundness of credit extended.

Capital Adequacy . Bank holding companies must maintain minimum levels of capital under the FRB s
 risk-based capital adequacy guidelines. If capital falls below minimum guideline levels, a bank holding company, among other things, may be denied approval to acquire or establish additional banks or non-bank businesses.

The FRB s risk-based capital adequacy guidelines, discussed in more detail below in the section entitled Supervision and Regulation CWB Regulatory Capital Guidelines, assign various risk
 percentages to different categories of assets and capital is measured as a percentage of risk assets. Under the terms of the guidelines, bank holding companies are expected to meet capital adequacy guidelines based both on total risk assets and on
 total assets, without regard to risk weights.

The risk-based guidelines are minimum requirements. Higher capital levels will be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual organizations. For example,
 the FRB s capital guidelines contemplate that additional capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk, or the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities, or securities trading
 activities. Moreover, any banking organization experiencing or anticipating significant growth or expansion into new activities would be expected to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions, well above the minimum levels.

Limitations on Dividend Payments . California Corporations Code Section 500 allows CWBC to pay a
 dividend to its shareholders only to the extent that CWBC has retained earnings and, after the dividend, CWBC s:

assets (exclusive of goodwill and other intangible assets) would be 1.25 times its liabilities (exclusive of deferred taxes, deferred income and other deferred credits); and

current assets would be at least equal to current liabilities.

Additionally, the FRB s policy regarding dividends provides that a bank holding company should not pay cash dividends exceeding its net income or which can only be funded in ways that weaken the
 bank holding company s financial health, such as by borrowing. The FRB also possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations
 of applicable statutes and regulations.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX . SOX provides a permanent framework that improves the quality
 of independent audits and accounting services, improves the quality of financial reporting, strengthens the independence of accounting firms, and increases the responsibility of management for corporate disclosures and financial statements.

SOX provisions are significant to all companies that have a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act or are otherwise reporting to the SEC (or the appropriate federal
 banking agency) pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including CWBC. In addition to SEC rulemaking to implement SOX, NASDAQ has adopted corporate governance rules intended to allow shareholders to more easily and effectively monitor the
 performance of companies and directors.

41 

Table of Contents 

As a result of SOX, and its regulations, CWBC has incurred substantial cost to interpret and ensure compliance with the law and its regulations including, without limitation, increased expenditures
 by CWBC in auditors fees, attorneys fees, outside advisors' fees, and increased errors and omissions insurance premium costs. Future changes in the laws, regulations, or policies that impact CWBC cannot necessarily be predicted and may have a
 material effect on the business and earnings of CWBC.

CWB 

General. CWB, as a national banking association which is a member of the Federal Reserve System, is
 subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the OCC and FDIC. CWB s deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum extent provided by law. The regulations of these agencies govern most aspects of CWB's business and establish a
 comprehensive framework governing its operations.

Regulatory Capital Guidelines. The federal banking agencies have established minimum capital
 standards known as risk-based capital guidelines. These guidelines are intended to provide a measure of capital that reflects the degree of risk associated with a bank s operations. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of
 capital and a framework for calculating the amount of capital that must be maintained against a bank s assets and off-balance sheet items. The amount of capital required to be maintained is based upon the credit risks associated with the various
 types of a bank s assets and off-balance sheet items. A bank s assets and off-balance sheet items are classified under several risk categories, with each category assigned a particular risk weighting from 0 to 150 .

The following table sets forth the regulatory capital for CWB and CWBC (on a consolidated basis) at December 31, 2022.

Adequately

 Capitalized

Well

 Capitalized

Capital 

 Conservation 

 Buffer Fully 

 Phased-In

CWB

CWBC

 (consolidated)

Total risk-based capital

8.00

10.00

10.50

12.56

12.62

Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio

6.00

8.00

8.50

11.44

11.46

Common Equity Tier 1

4.50

6.50

7.00

11.44

11.46

Tier 1 leverage capital ratio

4.00

5.00

N/A

10.34

8.90

Prompt Corrective Action Authority . The federal banking agencies possess broad powers to take prompt
 corrective action to resolve the problems of insured banks. Each federal banking agency has issued regulations defining five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and
 critically undercapitalized. Under the regulations, a bank shall be deemed to be:

well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or more, has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or more, has a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 or more, has a leverage
 capital ratio of 5 or more, and is not subject to specified requirements to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure;

adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 or more, a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 or more, and a leverage capital
 ratio of 4 or more (3 under certain circumstances) and does not meet the definition of well capitalized; 

undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6 , a common equity tier 1 capital that is less than 4.5 , or a leverage
 capital ratio that is less than 4 (3 under certain circumstances);

significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4 , a common equity tier 1 capital ratio that is less than
 3 , or a leverage capital ratio that is less than 3 ; and

critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2 .

While these benchmarks have not changed, due to market turbulence, the regulators have strongly encouraged and, in many instances, required, banks and bank holding companies to achieve and maintain
 higher ratios as a matter of safety and soundness.

Banks are prohibited from paying dividends or management fees to controlling persons or entities if, after making the payment, the bank would be undercapitalized, that is, the bank fails to meet
 the required minimum level for any relevant capital measure. Asset growth and branching restrictions apply to undercapitalized banks. Banks classified as undercapitalized are required to submit acceptable capital plans guaranteed by their holding
 company, if any. Broad regulatory authority was granted with respect to significantly undercapitalized banks, including forced mergers, growth restrictions, ordering new elections for directors, forcing divestiture by its holding company, if any,
 requiring management changes and prohibiting the payment of bonuses to senior management. Even more severe restrictions are applicable to critically undercapitalized banks. Restrictions for these banks include the appointment of a receiver or
 conservator. All of the federal banking agencies have promulgated substantially similar regulations to implement this system of prompt corrective action.

42 

Table of Contents 

A bank, based upon its capital levels, that is classified as well capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category
 if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. Further, a bank that otherwise meets the capital levels
 to be categorized as well capitalized will be deemed to be adequately capitalized if the bank is subject to a written agreement requiring that the bank maintain specific capital levels. At each successive lower capital category, an insured bank
 is subject to more restrictions. The federal banking agencies, however, may not treat an institution as critically undercapitalized unless its capital ratios actually warrant such treatment.

In addition to measures taken under the prompt corrective action provisions, insured banks may be subject to potential enforcement actions by the federal banking agencies for unsafe or unsound
 practices in conducting their businesses or for violations of any law, rule, regulation, or any condition imposed in writing by the agency or any written agreement with the agency. Enforcement actions may include the imposition of a conservator or
 receiver, the issuance of a cease-and-desist order that can be judicially enforced, the termination of insurance of deposits (in the case of a depository institution), the imposition of civil money penalties, the issuance of directives to increase
 capital, the issuance of formal and informal agreements, the issuance of removal, and prohibition orders against institution-affiliated parties. The enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders may be based upon a judicial
 determination that the agency would be harmed if such equitable relief was not granted.

The OCC, as the primary regulator for national banks, also has a broad range of enforcement measures, from cease-and-desist powers and the imposition of monetary penalties to the ability to take
 possession of a bank, including causing its liquidation.

Limitations on Dividend Payments. CWB is a national bank, governed by the National Bank Act and the rules and regulations of the OCC.
 National banks generally may not declare a dividend in excess of the bank s undivided profits and, absent the approval of the OCC, if the total amount of dividends declared by the national bank in any calendar year exceeds the total of the national
 bank s retained net income of that year to date combined with its retained net income for the preceding two years. A dividend in excess of that amount constitutes a reduction in permanent capital and requires the prior approval of the OCC and the
 approval of two-thirds of the bank s shareholders.

Brokered Deposit Restrictions. Well-capitalized banks are not subject to limitations on brokered
 deposits, while an adequately capitalized bank is able to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized banks are generally not
 permitted to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits. As of December 31, 2022, CWB is deemed to be well capitalized and, therefore, is eligible to accept brokered deposits.

FDIC Insurance and Insurance Assessments . The FDIC utilizes a risk-based assessment system to set
 quarterly insurance premium assessments which categorizes banks into four risk categories based on capital levels and supervisory CAMELS ratings and names them Risk Categories I, II, III and IV. The CAMELS rating system is based upon an evaluation
 of the six critical elements of an institution s operations: Capital adequacy, Asset quality, Management, Earnings, Liquidity, and Sensitivity to risk. This rating system is designed to take into account and reflect all significant financial and
 operational factors financial institution examiners assess in their evaluation of an institution s performance.

The Dodd-Frank Act required the FDIC to take such steps as necessary to increase the reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund to 1.35 of insured deposits by September 30, 2020, and broadened
 the base for FDIC insurance assessments so that assessments are based on average consolidated total assets, less average tangible equity capital of a financial institution rather than on its insured deposits. The Deposit Insurance Fund reserve ratio
 actually reached 1.36 on September 30, 2018, ahead of the September 30, 2020, deadline, but then fell below the 1.35 level to 1.30 due to extraordinary growth in insured deposits and, accordingly, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan. Under that
 plan, the FDIC is providing updates at least semi-annually. The semi-annual update as of March 31, 2022, showed a decline of four basis points in the reserve ratio to 1.23 . As a result, in June 2022, the FDIC adopted an amendment to the restoration
 plan resulting in a uniform increase in the base deposit insurance assessment of two basis points beginning with the first quarter of 2023 to meet the 1.35 level by 2028. With the recent bank failures, the FDIC may consider a further amendment to
 the deposit insurance assessment to meet the required level.

The FDIC may terminate its insurance of deposits if it finds that a bank has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated
 any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC.

Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation. The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated
 foreign countries, nationals, and others. Based on their administration by Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), these are typically known as the OFAC rules. The OFAC-administered sanctions targeting countries take many different
 forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country
 and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially
 designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (e. g., property and bank deposits)
 cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off, or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC.

43 

Table of Contents 

Failure of CWB to maintain and implement an adequate OFAC program, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the
 institution. CWB has augmented its systems and procedures to accomplish this. CWB believes that the ongoing cost of compliance with OFAC programs is not likely to be material to CWB.

Anti-Money Laundering . A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money
 laundering and terrorist financing. The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 BSA and subsequent laws and regulations requires CWB to take steps to prevent the use of it or its systems from facilitating the flow of illegal or illicit money and to file
 suspicious activity reports. Those requirements include ensuring effective Board and management oversight, establishing policies and procedures, developing effective monitoring and reporting capabilities, ensuring adequate training, and establishing
 a comprehensive internal audit of BSA compliance activities. The USA Patriot Act of 2001 Patriot Act significantly expanded the anti-money laundering AML and financial transparency laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance
 and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties, and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. Regulations promulgated under the Patriot Act impose various requirements on financial institutions, such as
 standards for verifying client identification at account opening and maintaining expanded records (including Know Your Customer and Enhanced Due Diligence practices) and other obligations to maintain appropriate policies, procedures, and controls
 to aid the process of preventing, detecting, and reporting money laundering and terrorist financing.

CWB must provide BSA/AML training to employees, designate a BSA compliance officer, and annually audit the BSA/AML program to assess its effectiveness. The federal regulatory agencies continue to
 issue regulations and new guidance with respect to the application and requirements of BSA and AML.

The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the AML Act was enacted effective January 1, 2021, and presents the most comprehensive revisions and enhancements to anti-money laundering and counter terrorism laws since the
 Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 and the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the BSA ). The impact of the new legislation will not be fully known until required regulations are adopted and implemented, but the AML Act represents
 significant changes and reaffirms and broadens the government s oversight and commitment to addressing the illicit activities and financing of terrorism.

Many of the provisions of the AML Act deal with the operations of the federal agencies primarily responsible for addressing terrorism financing and the safeguarding of the national security of the United States, such
 as the U.S. Treasury and its Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), including the requirement for FinCEN to engage anti-money laundering and terrorist financing investigations experts and the requirement to facilitate information sharing
 with other federal and state and even foreign law enforcement agencies. On June 30, 2021, FinCEN issued the first government-wide priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism to encourage banks to incorporate the
 priorities into their risk-based BSA compliance programs. The priorities identified were: (i) corruption; (ii) cybercrime and cyber security; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) fraud; (v) transnational crime organizations; (vi) drug trafficking; (vii)
 human trafficking; and (viii) proliferation financing through support networks.

The AML Act also expands the reach of federal anti-money laundering laws by extending their applicability to a broader range of industries, such as entities involved in futures, precious metals, precious stones and
 jewels, antiquities, and cryptocurrency. On September 24, 2021, FinCEN issued proposed rules to include a person engaged in the trade of antiquities under the definition of financial institution subjecting such person to regulations prescribed by
 the Secretary of the Treasury.

The AML Act aims to balance the burdens imposed by reporting on financial institutions and the benefits derived by Federal law enforcement agencies. The AML Act requires a review of currency transaction and suspicious
 activity reports submitted by financial institutions to determine to what extent the reporting can be streamlined and made more useful. Included is the obligation to review the dollar thresholds for reporting currency transactions and to establish
 automated processes for filing simple, non-complex categories of reports. It calls for greater integration between financial institution systems and the electronic filing system to allow for automatic population of report fields and the submission of
 transaction data.

Other provisions of the AML Act enhance enforcement. One section provides protection for financial institutions keeping open a customer s account or transaction at the request of a federal law enforcement agency or at
 the request of a state or local agency with the concurrence of FinCEN. Other sections increase civil penalties for financial institutions and persons violating the recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Persons found to have committed repeated
 egregious violations may be barred from serving on boards of directors of financial institutions and fined in an amount that is equal to the profit gained by such person by reason of such violation. If that person is a partner, director, officer or
 employee of a financial institution, that person may be ordered to repay any bonus paid to that person, irrespective of the amount of the bonus or how it was calculated.

New criminal penalties have been created for concealing from or misrepresenting to a financial institution any material facts concerning: (i) the ownership or control of assets involved in a monetary transaction
 involving a senior foreign political figure in amounts exceeding 1 million; or (ii) the source of funds in a monetary transaction involving an entity found to be a primary money laundering concern. Other enforcement enhancement provisions in the AML
 Act authorize the Treasury to pay whistleblower awards leading to fines or forfeitures of at least 50,000 up to the lower of 150,000 or 25 of the fine or forfeiture and allows for the payment to whistleblowers of up to 30 of the fine or
 forfeiture.

44 

Table of Contents 

One of the most significant portions of the AML Act is the Corporate Transparency Act CTA ), which will require the reporting of certain information regarding beneficial owners of reporting companies to a
 confidential database to be established by FinCEN. Reporting companies are defined as any corporation, limited liability company, or other entity formed in the U.S. under the laws of a state or Indian Tribe or registered as a foreign entity to do
 business in the U.S., other than those specifically excluded, such as: (i) companies reporting or with a class of securities registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1934; (ii) banks, bank holding companies, and credit unions; (iii) money
 transmitters, registered broker dealers, registered investment advisors, and investment companies; (iv) public utilities and insurance companies; (v) 503(c)(3) entities; (vi) entities that employ more than 20 employees, have reported gross receipts
 or sales to the Internal Revenue Service in excess of 5.0 million in the prior year, and have an operating presence in the U.S.; and (vii) certain inactive entities.

A beneficial owner is any individual who directly or indirectly exercises substantial control over an entity or owns or controls 25 or more of the ownership interest of an entity. The reporting company will be
 required to provide FinCEN with the legal name, date of birth, current resident or business address, and an acceptable identification number of the beneficial owner. In September 2022, FinCEN issued a final rule to implement the beneficial ownership
 information reporting which will require most corporations, limited liability companies, and other entities created or doing business in the U.S. before January 1, 2024, to report on their beneficial owners by January 1, 2025.

Under the CTA, the Treasury is to minimize the burden on reporting companies and ensure the information deposited in the database is maintained in the strictest confidence and made available for inspection or
 disclosure by FinCEN only for the purposes set forth in the AML Act and only to: (i) federal agencies engaged in national security, intelligence, or law enforcement; (ii) state, local, or Tribal law enforcement agencies, subject to authorization by a
 court of competent jurisdiction; (iii) financial institutions subject to customer due diligence requirements with the consent of the reporting company; (iv) requests by a federal or other appropriate regulatory agency; (v) certain Treasury officials
 for tax administration purposes; and (vi) authorized federal agencies on behalf of a properly recognized foreign authority. On January 25, 2022, FinCEN issued proposed regulations for a pilot program to permit financial institutions to share
 suspicious activity information with their foreign branches, subsidiaries and affiliates to combat illicit finance risks under the AML Act.

The foregoing is only a summary of selected provisions of the AML Act. Given that regulations implementing the new AML Act are being proposed but have not yet been adopted or implemented, the Company cannot determine
 at this time the effect, if any, the AML Act will have on CWBC s or CWB s future results of operations or financial condition.

Community Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act CRA is intended to encourage insured depository institutions, while operating
 safely and soundly, to help meet the credit needs of their communities. CRA specifically directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, to assess their record of helping to meet the credit needs of their
 entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution's record of meeting its community credit needs into account when
 evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or acquisitions, or holding company formations.

In April 2018, the U.S. Department of Treasury issued a memorandum to the federal banking regulators recommending changes to the CRA s regulations to reduce their complexity and associated burden
 on banks. In 2019 and 2020, the federal banking regulators proposed for public comment rules to modernize the agencies regulations under the CRA. In July 2021, the FRB, FDIC, and the OCC issued an interagency statement committing to joint agency
 action on CRA. In December 2021, the OCC adopted a final rule that rescinded its 2020 Community Reinvestment Act Rule and replaced it with a rule based largely on the prior CRA regulations issued jointly by the federal banking regulators in 1995 and
 subsequently amended. The OCC indicated that this action was intended to assist and promote the interagency process by reestablishing generally uniform rules that apply to all insured depository institutions.

CWB had a CRA rating of Satisfactory as of its most recent regulatory examination.

Safeguarding of Customer Information and Privacy. The bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines for safeguarding confidential,
 personal customer information. These guidelines require financial institutions to create, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information,
 protect against any anticipated threats or hazard to the security or integrity of such information, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. CWB has
 adopted an information security program to comply with such requirements.

Financial institutions are also required to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. In general,
 financial institutions must provide explanations to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information, and, except as otherwise required by law, are prohibited from disclosing such information. CWB
 has implemented privacy policies addressing these restrictions which are distributed regularly to all existing and new customers of CWB.

45 

Table of Contents 

In November 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a joint rule to improve the sharing of information about cyber incidents involving U.S. banks. The rule requires a banking organization
 to notify its primary federal regulator (and its service providers) as soon as possible (and no later than 36 hours after determination) after it experiences a significant computer-security incident. The compliance date of this rule was May 1, 2022.

Consumer Compliance and Fair Lending Laws. CWB is subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect borrowers and promote
 lending to various sectors of the economy and population. These laws include the Patriot Act, BSA, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, CRA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Equal
 Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act, various state law counterparts, and the Consumer Financial
 Protection Act of 2010, which constitutes part of the Dodd-Frank Act. The enforcement of Fair Lending laws has been an increasing area of focus for regulators, including the FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which was created by the
 Dodd-Frank Act.

In addition, federal law and certain state laws (including California) currently contain client privacy protection provisions. These provisions limit the ability of banks and other financial
 institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to affiliated companies and non-affiliated third parties. These rules require disclosure of privacy policies to clients and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure
 of certain personal information to affiliates or non-affiliated third parties by means of opt out or opt in authorizations. Pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain state laws (including California) companies are required to notify
 clients of security breaches resulting in unauthorized access to their personal information.

Safety and Soundness Standards. The federal banking agencies have adopted
 guidelines designed to assist the federal banking agencies in identifying and addressing potential safety and soundness concerns before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines set forth operational and managerial standards relating to: (i)
 internal controls, information systems, and internal audit systems; (ii) loan documentation; (iii) credit underwriting; (iv) asset growth; (v) earnings; and (vi) compensation, fees, and benefits. In addition, the federal banking agencies have also
 adopted safety and soundness guidelines with respect to asset quality and earnings standards. These guidelines provide nine standards for establishing and maintaining a system to identify problem assets and prevent those assets from deteriorating. 

Other Aspects of Banking Law . CWB is also subject to federal statutory and regulatory provisions
 covering, among other things, security procedures, insider and affiliated party transactions, management interlocks, electronic funds transfers, funds availability, and truth-in-savings. There are also a variety of federal statutes which regulate
 acquisitions of control and the formation of bank holding companies.

Moreover, additional initiatives may be proposed or introduced before Congress, the California Legislature, and other government bodies in the future which, if enacted, may further alter the structure, regulation, and
 competitive relationship among financial institutions and may subject bank holding companies and banks to increased supervision and disclosure, compliance costs, and reporting requirements. In addition, the various bank regulatory agencies often
 adopt new rules and regulations and policies to implement and enforce existing legislation. Bank regulatory agencies have been very aggressive in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, resulting in the increased issuance of
 enforcement actions to financial institutions requiring action to address credit quality, liquidity and risk management, capital adequacy, BSA compliance, as well as other safety and soundness concerns.

It cannot be predicted whether, or in what form, any such legislation or regulatory changes in policy may be enacted or the extent to which CWB s businesses would be affected thereby. In addition, the outcome of
 examinations, any litigation, or any investigations initiated by state or federal authorities may result in necessary changes in CWB s operations and increased compliance costs.

46 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company's primary market risk is interest rate risk IRR ). To minimize the volatility of net interest income at risk NII and the impact on economic value of equity EVE ), the Company
 manages its exposure to changes in interest rates through asset and liability management activities within guidelines established by the Board s Asset Liability Committee ALCO ). ALCO has the responsibility for approving and ensuring compliance
 with asset/liability management policies, including IRR exposure.

To mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates on the Company s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the Company actively manages the amounts and maturities. While the
 Company has some assets and liabilities in excess of five years, it has internal policy limits designed to minimize risk should interest rates rise. Currently, the Company does not use derivative instruments to help manage risk but will consider such
 instruments in the future if the perceived need should arise.

The Company uses a simulation model, combined with downloaded detailed information from various application programs, and assumptions regarding interest rates, lending and deposit trends and other
 key factors to forecast/simulate the effects of both higher and lower interest rates. The results detailed below indicate the impact, in dollars and percentages, on NII and EVE of an increase and decrease in interest rates compared to a flat interest
 rate scenario. The model assumes that the rate change shock occurs immediately.

The following table presents the impact of that analysis in dollars and percentages at December 31, 2022.

Sensitivity of Net Interest Income

Interest Rate Scenario (change in basis point from Base)

Down 

 300

Down 

 200

Down 

 100

Base

Up 100

Up 200

Up 300

Up 400

Up 500

(dollars in thousands)

Interest income

46,911

50,112

53,046

55,852

58,342

61,024

63,687

66,343

64,147

Interest expense

4,002

5,525

7,055

8,600

11,588

14,577

17,565

20,553

21,602

Net interest income

42,909

44,587

45,991

47,252

46,754

46,447

46,122

45,790

42,545

change

(9.2

(5.6

(2.7

(1.1

(1.7

(2.4

(3.1

(10.0

At December 31, 2021, the following table presents the impact of that analysis in dollars and percentages:

Sensitivity of Net Interest Income

Interest Rate Scenario (change in basis point from Base)

Down 100

Base

Up 100

Up 200

Up 300

Up 400

Up 500

(dollars in thousands)

Interest income

43,537

44,317

48,378

52,374

56,312

60,223

64,147

Interest expense

2,705

2,838

6,591

10,344

14,096

17,849

21,602

Net interest income

40,832

41,479

41,787

42,030

42,216

42,374

42,545

change

(1.6

0.7

1.3

1.8

2.2

2.6

As of December 31, 2022 , the Fed Funds target rate was a range of 4.25 to 4.50 and the prime rate was 7.50 . As of December 31, 2021, the Fed Funds target rate was a range of 0.00 to 0.25 and
 the prime rate was 3.25 .

Economic Value of Equity. We measure the impact of market interest rate changes on the net present value of estimated cash flows from our assets, liabilities,
 and off-balance sheet items, defined as economic value of equity, using a simulation model. This simulation model assesses the changes in the market value of interest rate sensitive financial instruments that would occur in response to an
 instantaneous and sustained increase or decrease (shock) in market interest rates.

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our economic value of equity exposure related to these hypothetical changes in market interest rates was within the current guidelines established by us. The
 following tables show projected change in economic value of equity for this set of rate shocks.

Economic Value of Equity

As of December 31, 2022

Interest Rate Scenario (change in basis point from Base)

Down 300

Down 200

Down 100

Base

Up 100

Up 200

Up 300

Up 400

Up 500

(dollars in thousands)

Assets

1,130,386

1,112,276

1,088,217

1,064,756

1,038,587

1,012,244

985,932

960,955

937,615

Liabilities

940,198

905,486

872,742

841,887

819,738

798,767

778,903

760,083

746,313

Net present value

190,188

206,790

215,475

222,869

218,849

213,477

207,029

200,872

191,302

change

(14.7

(7.2

(3.3

(1.8

(4.2

(7.1

(9.9

(14.2

Economic Value of Equity

As of December 31, 2021

Interest Rate Scenario (change in basis point from Base)

Down 100

Base

Up 100

Up 200

Up 300

Up 400

Up 500

(dollars in thousands)

Assets

1,207,530

1,176,520

1,153,486

1,129,670

1,105,275

1,081,304

1,058,075

Liabilities

1,061,422

1,018,843

989,950

962,681

936,934

912,614

889,633

Net present value

146,108

157,677

163,536

166,989

168,341

168,690

168,442

change

(7.3

3.7

5.9

6.8

7.0

6.8

For further discussion of interest rate risk, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity Management - Interest Rate Risk. 

47 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Our consolidated financial statements and supplementary data included in this Form 10-K begin on page 50 immediately following the index to consolidated financial statements page to this Form 10-K.

48 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Community West Bancshares

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Community West Bancshares and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated
 financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
 operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
 with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
 obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
 financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The
 communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
 matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Allowance for Loan Losses

As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for loan losses (allowance) is a valuation account that
 reflects the Company s estimate of known and inherent probable losses on existing loans held for investment. The allowance for loan losses was 10.8 million at December 31, 2022, which consists of two components: the valuation allowance for loans
 individually evaluated for impairment (specific reserves), representing 0.2 million, and the valuation allowance for loans collectively evaluated for impairment (general reserves), representing 10.6 million.

The Company s general reserves include a quantitative reserve based on historical experience and a qualitative reserve based on management s evaluation of
 several internal and external factors (qualitative factors). For Manufactured Housing loans, the quantitative general reserve is calculated on the basis of loss history. For all other loan types, migration analysis taking into account the risk
 rating of loans that are charged off is used to determine the quantitative general reserve. The quantitative general reserves are then further adjusted based upon qualitative factors that affect the specific portfolios. These qualitative factors
 include the Company s concentrations of credit, international risk, trends in volume, maturity and composition of loans, volume and trend in delinquency, nonaccrual and classified assets, economic conditions, geographic distance, policy and
 procedures or underwriting standards, staff experience and ability, value of underlying collateral, competition, legal or regulatory environment, and quality of loan review and Board oversight. The evaluation of these qualitative factors requires
 that management make significant judgments regarding these factors, which may significantly impact the estimated allowance.

We identified the qualitative factors applied to the general reserve of the allowance as a critical audit matter as auditing management s determination of
 qualitative general reserve factors involved a high degree of auditor judgment given the highly subjective nature of management s judgments.

Our audit procedures related to the Company s qualitative factors applied to the general reserve of the allowance for loan losses included the following,
 among others:

We obtained an understanding of management s controls that are related to the estimation of the qualitative factors and tested those controls for
 both design effectiveness and operating effectiveness. These controls included management s determination, review and approval of qualitative factors and the data that was utilized in establishing the qualitative factors.

We tested management s
 process and evaluated their judgments and assumptions used to establish the qualitative factors, which included:

Testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in determining the qualitative factors by agreeing them to internal
 and external source data.

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s judgments and assumptions used in the development of the qualitative factors, including
 the directional consistency and magnitude of the qualitative factors applied.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s
 auditor since 2015. 

March 31, 2023

49 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 49 

50

Consolidated Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

52

Consolidated Income Statements 

53 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

54 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

55 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

56 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

57 

50 

Table of Contents 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,

2022 

2021 

(in thousands, except share amounts)

Assets:

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-earning demand deposits in other financial institutions

Cash and cash equivalents

Investment securities - available-for-sale, at fair value; amortized cost of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 

Investment securities - held-to-maturity, at amortized cost; fair value of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 

Investment securities - measured at fair value

Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock, at cost

Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value

Loans held for investment

Allowance for loan losses 

Total loans held for investment, net 

Other assets acquired through foreclosure, net

Premises and equipment, net

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities:

Deposits:

Non-interest-bearing demand

Interest-bearing demand

Savings

Certificates of deposit 250,000 or more)

Other certificates of deposit

Total deposits

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Stockholders equity:

Common stock par value, shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

51 

Table of Contents 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES

CONSOLIDATED
 INCOME STATEMENTS

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest and dividend income:

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Loans, including fees

Investment securities and other

Total interest and dividend income

Interest expense:

Deposits

Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings

Total interest expense

Net interest income

Provision (credit) for loan losses

Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan losses

Non-interest income:

Other loan fees

Gains from loan sales, net

Document processing fees

Service charges

Other income 

Total non-interest income

Non-interest expenses:

Salaries and employee benefits

Occupancy, net

Professional services

Advertising and marketing

Data processing

Depreciation

FDIC assessment

Other expenses 

Total non-interest expenses

Income before provision for income taxes

Provision for income taxes

Net income

Earnings per share:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

Dividends declared per common share

See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

52 

Table of Contents 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands)

Net income

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net:

Unrealized (loss) income on securities available-for-sale (AFS), net (tax effect of , ), for each respective period presented)

Net other comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive income

See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

53 

Table of Contents 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Preferred Stock

Common Stock

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

Retained

Total

 Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Income (Loss)

Earnings

Equity

(in thousands)

Balance January 1, 2020 

Net income

Exercise of stock options

Stock based compensation

Common stock repurchases

Dividends on common stock

Other comprehensive income, net

Balance, December 31, 2020 :

Net income

Exercise of stock options

Stock based compensation

Common stock repurchases

Dividends on common stock

Other comprehensive income, net

Balance, December 31, 2021 :

Net income

Exercise of stock options

Grant of restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures

Stock based compensation

Dividends on common stock

Other comprehensive loss, net

Balance, December 31, 2022 :

See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

54 

Table of Contents 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands)

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities:

Provision (credit) for loan losses

Depreciation

Stock-based compensation

Deferred income taxes

Net (accretion) amortization of discounts and premiums for investment securities

(Gains) losses on:

Sale of repossessed assets, net

Sale of loans, net

Sale of assets, net

Loans originated for sale 

Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale

Proceeds from principal paydowns on loans held for sale

Change in fair value of equity securities

Changes in:

Other assets

Other liabilities

Servicing assets, net

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Principal pay downs and maturities of available-for-sale securities

Purchase of available-for-sale securities

Principal pay downs and maturities of held-to-maturity securities

Loan originations and principal collections, net

Purchase of bank owned life insurance

Purchase of restricted stock, net

Purchase of premises and equipment, net

Proceeds from sale of other assets acquired through foreclosure 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Net (decrease) increase in deposits

Proceeds from FHLB advances 

Repayments of FHLB advances 

Exercise of stock options

Cash dividends paid on common stock

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental disclosure:

Cash paid during the period for:

Interest

Income taxes

Non-cash investing and financing activity:

Transfers to other assets acquired through foreclosure, net

Operating lease right-of-use asset

Operating lease liability

See the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

55 

Table of Contents 

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

and , respectively, of total loans. As of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, commercial real estate loans accounted for approximately and of total loans, respectively. Approximately and of these commercial real estate loans were owner occupied at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Substantially all of these loans are
 secured by first liens with an average loan to value ratios of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company was within established lending policy limits at December 31, 2022 and 2021 .

reportable business segment.

56 

Table of Contents 

percent across all deposit tiers as of March 26, 2020, to aid institutions impacted by COVID-19.

impairment existed in the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021.

57 

Table of Contents 

or when Management determines that the full
 repayment of principal and collection of interest is unlikely. The Company may decide to continue to accrue interest on certain loans more than 
 delinquent if they are well secured by collateral and in the process of collection. Other personal loans are typically charged off no later than 
 delinquent. 

of the principal borrowed. The collateral must be in the possession of the Company and free from
 potential claim. In addition, these credits will conform in all aspects to established loan policies and procedures, laws, rules, and regulations. 

58 

Table of Contents 

are also charged-off in full.

, are evaluated for impairment. Loan balances are charged-off to the fair value of the property,
 less estimated selling costs, if, based on a current appraisal, an apparent deficiency exists. In the event there is no perceived equity, the loan is generally fully charged-off.

59 

Table of Contents 

or 
 payments delinquent.

60 

Table of Contents 

or based on their
 useful lives. Generally, the estimated useful lives of other items of premises and equipment are as follows:

- 

Furniture and equipment

- 

Electronic equipment and software

- 

61 

Table of Contents 

thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in the fair values are recorded in
 other income in the consolidated income statements.

remaining SBA servicing assets measured at amortized cost at December 31, 2022 or 2021 . 

, and discounted by the bank s borrowing rate. Farmer Mac servicing assets measured under the amortization method were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Servicing assets are recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets .

Additions 

Amortization, net

Valuation adjustment

Balance, end of period 

Additions

Amortization, net

Valuation adjustment

Balance, end of period

Additions

Amortization, net

Valuation adjustment

Balance, end of period 

62 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was recorded in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. There are no loans offset against cash surrender values, and
 there are no restrictions as to the use of proceeds.

63 

Table of Contents 

64 

Table of Contents 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic

Add: Dilutive effects of assumed exercises of stock options

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted

Earnings per share:

Basic

Diluted

; ; and shares of common
 stock were not considered in computing diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, because they were antidilutive.

million and 
 million and an increase to the reserve for unfunded commitments of approximately thousand. The Company will record the initial
 adjustment and after-tax charge to retained earnings in the first quarter of 2023 .

million of
 securities with rates tied to LIBOR and is currently evaluating the impact of the amended guidance and does not anticipate a material impact to the consolidated financial statements.

65 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government agency collateralized mortgage obligations CMO 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Total

Securities held-to-maturity

U.S. government agency mortgage-backed securities MBS 

Total

Securities measured at fair value

Equity securities: Farmer Mac class A stock

Total

U.S. government agency CMO

Corporate debt securities 

Total

Securities held-to-maturity

U.S. government agency MBS

Total

Securities measured at fair value

Equity securities: Farmer Mac class A stock

Total

million and million of securities at carrying value, respectively, were pledged to the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ), as
 collateral for current and future advances.

66 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government agency CMO

U.S. Treasury securities 

Corporate debt
 securities 

Total

Securities held-to-maturity

U.S. government agency MBS

Total

U.S. government agency CMO

Corporate debt securities 

Total

Securities held-to-maturity

U.S. government agency MBS

Total

After one year through five years

After five years through ten years

After ten years

Total

Securities held to maturity

Due in one year or less

After one year through five years

After five years through ten years

After ten years

Total

67 

Table of Contents 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Total

Securities held-to-maturity

U.S. government agency MBS

Total

U.S. government agency CMO

Corporate debt securities 

Total

and securities, respectively, in an unrealized loss position. Declines in the fair value of held-to-maturity and available-for-sale
 securities below their cost that are deemed to be other than temporary are reflected in earnings as realized losses. In estimating other than temporary impairment losses, management considers, among other things (i) the length of time and the
 extent to which the fair value has been less than cost; (ii) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and (iii) the Company s intent to sell an impaired security and if it is not more likely than not it will be required to
 sell the security before the recovery of its amortized basis.

million and million, respectively, of SBA loans included in loans held
 for sale. The Company s agricultural lending program includes loans for agricultural land, agricultural operational lines, and agricultural term loans for crops, equipment, and livestock. The primary products are supported by guarantees issued from
 the USDA, FSA, and the USDA Business and Industry loan program. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million of USDA loans included in loans held for sale, respectively. 

SBA

USDA, FSA, and USDA Business and Industry

Total loans serviced for others

68 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate

Commercial

SBA 

HELOC

Single family real estate

Consumer

Gross loans held for investment 

Deferred fees, net

Discount on SBA loans

Loans held for investment

Allowance for loan losses 

Loans held for investment, net

Commercial real estate:

Commercial real estate

SBA 504 1st trust deed

Land

Construction

Commercial

SBA

HELOC

Single family real estate

Consumer

Total

69 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate:

Commercial real estate

SBA 504 1st trust deed

Land

Construction

Commercial

SBA

HELOC

Single family real estate

Consumer

Total

days delinquent. Any unpaid but accrued interest is reversed at that time. Thereafter, interest income is no longer recognized on the loan.
 Interest on nonaccrual loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all of the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought
 current and future payments are reasonably assured. Foregone interest on nonaccrual and TDR loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. 
 
 nonaccrual loans were guaranteed by any government agencies at December 31, 2022. Included in nonaccrual loans are thousand of loans guaranteed by government agencies at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The guaranteed portion of each SBA loan is repurchased from investors when those loans become past due days by either CWB or the
 SBA directly. After the foreclosure and collection process is complete, the principal balance of loans repurchased by CWB are reimbursed by the SBA. Although these balances do not earn interest during this period, they generally do not result in
 a loss of principal to CWB; therefore, a repurchase reserve has not been established related to these loans. 

70 

Table of Contents 

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

Provision (credit) for loan losses

Ending balance

2021 

Beginning balance

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

Provision (credit) for loan losses

Ending balance

2020 

Beginning balance

Charge-offs

Recoveries

Net (charge-offs) recoveries

Provision (credit) for loan losses

Ending balance

71 

Table of Contents 

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Total loans held for investment

Unpaid Principal Balance

Impaired loans with an allowance recorded

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Total loans held for investment

Related Allowance for Loan Losses

Impaired loans with an allowance recorded

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Total loans held for investment

72 

Table of Contents 

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Total loans held for investment

Unpaid Principal Balance

Impaired loans with an allowance recorded

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Total loans held for investment

Related Allowance for Loan Losses

Impaired loans with an allowance recorded

Impaired loans with no allowance recorded

Total loans individually evaluated for impairment

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment

Total loans held for investment

impaired loans were guaranteed by
 government agencies at December 31, 2022. There were million of impaired loans guaranteed by government agencies at December 31,
 2021.

73 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate:

Commercial real estate

SBA 504 1st

Land

Construction

Commercial

SBA

HELOC

Single family real estate

Consumer

Total

Commercial real estate:

Commercial real estate

SBA 504 1st trust deed

Land

Construction

Commercial

SBA

HELOC

Single family real estate

Consumer

Total, net

Government guaranteed loans

Total

74 

Table of Contents 

Commercial real estate:

Commercial real estate

SBA 504 1st trust deed

Land

Construction

Commercial

SBA

HELOC

Single family real estate

Consumer

Total, net

Government guaranteed loans

Total

loans classified as Loss at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

million and million, respectively. TDRs that were
 performing according to their modified terms as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were million and million, respectively. 

Total

Total

75 

Table of Contents 

Commercial 

SBA

Total

consecutive payments or the collateral is transferred to repossessed assets. The Company had TDR s with payment defaults for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020.

New loans

Repayments and other

Balance, ending

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31
 2021.

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Construction in progress

Accumulated depreciation

Premises and equipment, net

76 

Table of Contents 

Additions

Proceeds from dispositions

Gains (losses) on sales, net

Balance, end of period

Interest-bearing deposits:

NOW accounts

Money market deposit account

Savings accounts

Time deposits of 250,000 or more

Other time deposits

Total deposits

million may be immediately withdrawn. Time certificates of deposit are the only deposits which have a specified maturity.

2024

2025

2026

2027

Total

million and million, respectively, of reciprocal CDARS deposits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively of ICS deposits.

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021.

77 

Table of Contents 

Total FHLB advances

Weighted average rate

million of letters of credit with FHLB at December 31, 2022 to secure public funds. The Company,
 through the Bank, has a blanket lien credit line with the FHLB. FHLB advances are collateralized in the aggregate by the Company s eligible loans and securities. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of securities and million of loans pledged
 to the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million available for additional borrowing. At December 31, 2021, the Company
 had pledged to the FHLB, million of securities and million of loans. At December 31, 2021, CWB had million available
 for additional borrowing. Total FHLB interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million,
 respectively. 

million at Prime + . The Company must maintain a compensating deposit with the lender of million. In addition, the Company must maintain a minimum debt service coverage ratio of to 1, a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of , a minimum total risked based capital ratio of and a maximum net non-accrual ratio of not more than . The line of credit matured in September 2022 and the Company renewed the line of credit for an additional 
 term and increased the amount available to million with no other changes to the financial terms or covenants. As of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding balances on the revolving line of credit. 

million and million, respectively, of loans pledged as collateral to the FRB. There were outstanding FRB advances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Available borrowing capacity was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively. 

million. There were amounts outstanding on these lines as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

78 

Table of Contents 

Standby letters of credit

Total

thousand
 and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes to this liability are adjusted through other non-interest
 expense.

79 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively, of dividends on common stock.

million until August 31, 2023. Under this program the Company has repurchased 
 common stock shares for million at an average price of per share. There were shares repurchased during the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020.

stock-based compensation plans that are currently available. Both stock options and restricted stock awards can be granted under the terms of the plans. Stock options granted under the terms of the plan generally have a vesting period of and a contractual life of ,
 while restricted stock awards generally vest over . The Company recognizes compensation cost ratably over the requisite service
 period for all awards. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for future grants.

Risk-free interest rate

Expected volatility

Annual dividend yield 

Granted 

Exercised

Forfeited or expired

Outstanding options, end of period

Options exercisable, end of period

Options expected to vest, end of period

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted under the Company s plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million, and a de
 minimis amount, respectively.

80 

Table of Contents 

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Unvested options, end of period

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards granted under the Company s plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Minimum capital requirements

Well-capitalized requirements

Minimum capital requirements including fully phased in capital conservation buffer

N/A

Minimum capital requirements

Well-capitalized requirements

Minimum capital requirements including fully phased in capital conservation buffer

N/A

81 

Table of Contents 

Exchange fees and other service charges

Non-interest income (in-scope of Topic 606)

Non-interest income (out-of-scope of Topic 606)

Total

82 

Table of Contents 

State

Deferred:

Federal

State

Total provision for income taxes

State franchise tax, net of federal benefit

Other

Tax law change

Total provision for income taxes

Bonus accrual 

Deferred compensation 

Lease liability 

Deferred state taxes 

Unrealized loss on AFS securities

Other

Total gross deferred tax assets

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred Tax Liabilities:

Depreciation

Right of use asset 

Unrealized gain on AFS securities

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets

million
 and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are reported in other assets on the consolidated balance
 sheets.

83 

Table of Contents 

valuation allowance on
 deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021.

uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

and . Rents usually increase annually in accordance
 with defined rent steps or based on current year consumer price index adjustments. When renewal options exist, the Company generally does not deem them to be reasonably certain to be exercised, and therefore the amounts are not recognized as part
 of the lease liability nor the right-of-use asset. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the right-of-use assets was million and
 the lease liabilities were million. The right-of-use assets are included in other assets and the lease liabilities are included in other liabilities 
 in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Sublease income

Total lease cost

Other information:

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities - operating leases

Weighted average remaining lease term in years - operating leases

Weighted average discount rate - operating leases

2024

2025

2026

2027 

Thereafter

Total future minimum lease payments

Less: remaining imputed interest

Total lease liabilities

84 

Table of Contents 

(for those under 50 years of age in 2022) of their annual compensation. The Company may elect to match a discretionary amount each year, which
 was of the participant s eligible compensation. The Company s total contribution to the plan was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

. A liability is accrued for the obligation under these plans. The expense incurred for the deferred
 compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The Company
 recognized a deferred compensation liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

of their
 base salary and bonus each plan year. The certificate of deposit rate is paid on the vested balance.

subject
 to vesting. The income from the policy investments will help fund this liability.

million and million, respectively, which was included
 in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies was million and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

85 

Table of Contents 

Investment securities available-for-sale:

U.S. government agency notes

U.S. government agency CMOs

U.S. Treasury securities 

Corporate debt securities

Interest only strips

Servicing assets

Investment securities available-for-sale:

U.S. government agency notes

U.S. government agency CMOs 

Corporate debt securities 

Interest only strips

Servicing assets

86 

Table of Contents 

Other assets acquired through foreclosure

As of December 31, 2021 :

Impaired loans

Other assets acquired through foreclosure

87 

Table of Contents 

FRB and FHLB stock

Investment securities - available-for-sale

Investment securities - held-to-maturity

Investment securities - measured at fair value

Loans held for sale and loans held for investment, net

Accrued interest receivable

Servicing assets

Interest only strips

Financial liabilities:

Deposits

FHLB advances

Accrued interest payable

FRB and FHLB stock

Investment securities - available-for-sale

Investment securities - held-to-maturity

Investment securities - measured at fair value

Loans held for sale and loans held for investment, net

Accrued interest receivable

Servicing assets

Interest only strips

Financial liabilities: 

Deposits

FHLB advances

Accrued interest payable

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

Net current-period other comprehensive income 

Ending balance

88 

Table of Contents 

Investment in subsidiary

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity:

Other borrowings 

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

Interest expense

Net interest expense

Provision for loan losses

Net interest income after provision for loan losses

Equity in income from consolidated subsidiary

Total income

Total non-interest expenses

Income before income tax benefit 

Income tax benefit 

Net income

89 

Table of Contents 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities:

Equity in undistributed income from subsidiary

Stock-based compensation

Changes in:

Other assets

Other liabilities

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Net dividends from and investment in subsidiary

Net cash provided by investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Common stock dividends paid 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Net cash used in financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

90 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
 of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022, in timely
 alerting them to material information relating to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiary) required to be included in the Company s reports that it files with or submits to the SEC under the Exchange Act.

Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
 Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management has assessed the effectiveness of the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment, management has utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Management concluded that, based on its assessment, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The Company s management has also evaluated, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, whether there were any changes in the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s management has determined that there were no changes in the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

91 

Table of Contents 

This Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject
 to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Commission that permit the Company to provide only the management s report in this Form 10-K.

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

Not applicable.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information required by this Item regarding the Company s directors and executive officers, and corporate governance, including information with respect to beneficial ownership reporting
 compliance, will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our shareholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the
 Company's last fiscal year. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its directors, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and persons performing
 similar functions and employees. A copy of the code of ethics is available on the Company s website at www.communitywest.com .

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our shareholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is
 incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this Item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our shareholders in connection
 with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Information relating to securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans is contained under Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans herein.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is
 incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement we will deliver to our stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such information is
 incorporated herein by reference.

92 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(1) The following financial statements are incorporated by reference from Item 8 hereto:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Page 49

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Page 51

Consolidated Income Statements for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Page 52

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Page 53

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Page 54

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Page 55

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Page 56

(2) Financial Statement Schedules

Financial statement schedules other than those listed above have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the information is otherwise included.

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None

93 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBITS

(3) Exhibits. The following is a list of exhibits filed as a part of this Annual Report.

3.3

Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (6)

3.4

Bylaws (1)

3.5

Certificate of Amendment of Bylaws (4)

4.1

Common Stock Certificate (2)

10.22 

Community West Bancshares 2006 Stock Option Plan (3)

10.36 

Employment and Confidentiality Agreement, dated November 2, 2011, by and among Community West Bank,
 Community West Bancshares and Martin E. Plourd (5)

10.38 

Salary Continuation Agreement, dated January 28, 2014, between Community West Bank and Martin E.
 Plourd. (6)

10.39 

Community West Bancshares 2014 Stock Option Plan and Form of Stock Option Agreement (7)

10.41 

Employment and Confidentiality Agreement, dated June 1, 2015, among Community West Bank, Community
 West Bancshares and William F. Filippin. (10)

10.44 

Employment and Confidentiality Agreement, dated April 1, 2017, among Community West Bank, Community West Bancshares and
 Susan C. Thompson. (8)

10.46

Amendment to the Community West Bancshares 2014 Stock Option Plan (9)

10.47 

Employment and Confidentiality Agreement, dated July 23, 2018 among Community West Bank and T. Joseph Stronks (11) 

10.49 

Salary Continuation Agreement, dated September 28, 2018, between Community West Bank and William Filippin (11)

10.50 

Salary Continuation Agreement, dated May 1, 2020, between Community West Bank and Timothy Stronks (10)

10.51 

Employment and Confidentiality Agreement, dated, January 3,
 2022, among Community West Bank and Richard Pimentel. (12) 

21

Subsidiaries of the Registrant (5)

23.2

Consent of RSM US LLP 

31.1

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

31.2

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

32.1

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S. C. Section 1350 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

(1) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 26, 1998.

(2) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Amendment to Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the Commission on March 12, 1998.

(3) 

Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 filed with the Commission on March 26, 2007.

94 

Table of Contents 

(4) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2007.

(5) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 3, 2011.

(6) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 29, 2014.

(7) 

Incorporated by reference from Registrant s Statement on Form S-8 (File No 333-201281) filed with the Commission on December 29, 2014.

(8) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter and six months ended June 30, 2017 filed with the Commission on August 4, 2017.

(9) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Statement on Form S-8 (File No 323-218994) filed with the Commission on June 27, 2017.

(10) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2015 filed with the Commission on November 6, 2015.

(11) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2018 filed with the Commission on November 2, 2018.

(12) 

Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed with the Commission on May 13, 2022.

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

95 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
 duly authorized.

COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES

(Registrant)

Date: March 31, 2023

By:

/s/ William R. Peeples 

William R. Peeples

Chairman of the Board

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ William R. Peeples

Director and Chairman of the Board

March 31, 2023

William R. Peeples

/s/ Martin E. Plourd

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 31, 2023

Martin E. Plourd

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Richard Pimentel

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

March 31, 2023

Richard Pimentel

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ Martin Alwin

Director

March 31, 2023

Martin Alwin

/s/ Robert H. Bartlein

Director

March 31, 2023

Robert H. Bartlein

/s/ Dana L. Boutain

Director

March 31, 2023

Dana L. Boutain

/s/ Suzanne M. Chadwick

Director

March 31, 2023

Suzanne M. Chadwick

/s/ Tom L. Dobyns

Director

March 31, 2023

Tom L. Dobyns

/s/ John D. Illgen

Director and Secretary of the Board

March 31, 2023

John D. Illgen

/s/ James W. Lokey

Director

March 31, 2023

James W. Lokey

/s/ Shereef Moharram

Director

March 31, 2023

Shereef Moharram

/s/ Christopher Raffo

Director

March 31, 2023

Christopher Raffo

/s/ Kirk B. Stovesand

Director

March 31, 2023

Kirk B. Stovesand

/s/ Celina L. Zacarias

Director

March 31, 2023

Celina L. Zacarias

96 

<EX-23.2>
 2
 brhc10050318_ex23-2.htm
 EXT 23.2

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Nos. 333-43531, 333 129898, 333-201281 and 333-136099) on Form S-8 of
 Community West Bancshares of our reports dated March 31, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Community West Bancshares, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Community West Bancshares for the year ended December 31,
 2022.

/s/ RSM US LLP

San Francisco, California

 March 31, 2023

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10050318_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION

I, Martin E. Plourd, President and Chief Executive Officer of Community West Bancshares, a California corporation, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Community West Bancshares; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 .Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
 audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Martin E. Plourd

Martin E. Plourd

President and Chief Executive Officer

Community West Bancshares

March 31, 2023

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10050318_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION

I, Richard Pimentel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Community West Bancshares, a California corporation, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Community West Bancshares; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 .Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
 audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Richard Pimentel

Richard Piementel

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Community West Bancshares

March 31, 2023

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10050318_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,

 As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 Report by Community West Bancshares Registrant ),
 each of the undersigned hereby certifies that: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant as of and for the periods presented in the Report. 

/s/Martin E. Plourd

Martin E. Plourd

President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/Richard Pimentel

Richard Pimentel

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

March 31, 2023

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Community West Bancshares and will be furnished to the
 Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cwbc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cwbc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cwbc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cwbc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cwbc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

