<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1628063_0000950170-23-007891.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25145719</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>406313</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2449781</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14048758</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2630532</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4953781</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007891.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314165013
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007891
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Seritage Growth Properties
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001628063
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				383976287
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37420
		FILM NUMBER:		23731734

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123557800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1530
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Seritage Growth Properties, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007891.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 srg-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbols 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 On June 30, 2022, the last business day of the most recently completed second quarter of the registrant, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based upon the closing price of 5.21 of the common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. 
 As of March 6, 2023, the registrant had the following common shares outstanding: 

Class 
 
 Shares Outstanding 

Class A common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share 

Class B common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share 

Class C common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 26 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 27 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 36 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 37 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 38 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 40 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 41 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 53 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 53 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 53 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 53 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 54 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 54 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 55 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 55 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 55 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 55 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 55 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 56 

Signatures 
 
 60 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report of Seritage Growth Properties contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Any statements that do not relate to historical or current facts or matters are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, expects, may, will, should, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, pro forma, estimates or anticipates or the opposite of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. Statements concerning current conditions may also be forward-looking if they imply a continuation of current conditions. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. 
 Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise and we may not be able to realize them. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 Declines in retail, real estate and general economic conditions; 

Competition and related challenges in the real estate and retail industries and the ability of our top tenants to successfully operate their businesses; 

Failure to achieve expected occupancy and/or rent levels within the projected time frame or at all; 

Risks relating to our redevelopment activities and potential acquisition or disposition of properties; 

The process and results of our review of strategic alternatives and our Plan of Sale (defined below); 

The impact of ongoing negative operating cash flow on our ability to fund operations and ongoing development; 

Contingencies to the commencement of rent under signed leases; 

Environmental, health, safety and land use and other laws and regulations; 

The terms of our indebtedness and availability or sources of liquidity; 

Possible acts of war, terrorist activity or other acts of violence or cybersecurity interests; and 

The impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic on the business of our tenants and our business, income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, ability to service our debt obligations and our ability to pay dividends and other distributions to our shareholders; 

While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. Except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors of new information, data or methods, future events or other changes. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact our future results, performance or transactions, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 ii 

PAR T I 
 ITEM 1. B USINESS 
 The Company 
 Seritage Growth Properties Seritage (NYSE: SRG), a Maryland real estate investment trust formed on June 3, 2015, operated as a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust REIT as defined under Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code from formation through December 31, 2021. On March 31, 2022, Seritage revoked its REIT election and became a taxable C Corporation effective January 1, 2022. Seritage s assets are held by and its operations are primarily conducted, directly or indirectly, through Seritage Growth Properties, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ). Under the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, Seritage, as the sole general partner, has exclusive responsibility and discretion in the management and control of the Operating Partnership. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the Company and Seritage refer to Seritage, the Operating Partnership and its owned and controlled subsidiaries. 
 Prior to the adoption of the Company s Plan of Sale (defined below), Seritage was principally engaged in the ownership, development, redevelopment, management, sale and leasing of diversified retail and mixed-use properties throughout the United States. Seritage will continue to actively manage each location until such time as each property is sold. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s portfolio consisted of interests in 97 properties comprised of approximately 13.5 million square feet of gross leasable area GLA or build-to-suit leased area, approximately 157 acres held for or under development and approximately 6.1 million square feet or approximately 498 acres to be disposed of. The portfolio consists of approximately 10.8 million square feet of GLA held by 80 wholly owned properties (such properties, the Consolidated Properties and 2.6 million square feet of GLA held by 17 unconsolidated entities (such properties, the Unconsolidated Properties ). 
 The Company s mission is to maximize value for our shareholders in accordance with the Plan of Sale. 
 Background 
 The Company commenced operations on July 7, 2015 following a rights offering to the shareholders of Sears Holding Corporation Sears Holdings or Sears to purchase common shares of Seritage in order to fund, in part, the 2.7 billion acquisition of certain of Sears Holdings owned properties and its 50 interests in three joint ventures which were simultaneously leased back to Sears Holdings under master lease agreements (the Original Master Lease and the JV Original Master Leases , respectively). 
 On October 15, 2018, Sears Holdings and certain of its affiliates filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the Bankruptcy Court ). Subsequently, the Company and certain affiliates of Transform Holdco LLC Holdco ), an affiliate of ESL Investments, Inc., executed a master lease (the Holdco Master Lease with respect to 51 Consolidated Properties, which became effective when the Bankruptcy Court issued an order approving the rejection of the Original Master Lease. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any remaining properties leased to Holdco or Sears Holdings after giving effect to the termination of the remaining Consolidated Properties. 
 Edward S. Lampert is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ESL Investments, Inc, which owns Holdco. Mr. Lampert was also the Chairman of Seritage prior to his retirement, effective March 1, 2022, and controlled each of the tenant entities that was a party to the Holdco Master Lease prior to their respective terminations. 
 Board of Trustees Matters 
 On March 1, 2022, the Company announced that Mr. Lampert retired as its Chairman and resigned from the Board of Trustees effective March 1, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the Company elected Mr. Adam Metz to the Board of Trustees. On April 26, 2022, the Company elected Mr. Mitchell Sabshon, Ms. Talya Nevo-Hacohen and Mr. Mark Wilsmann to the Board of Trustees and announced the resignation of Mr. David Fawer and Mr. Thomas Steinberg from the Board of Trustees. 
 Review of Strategic Alternatives 
 On March 1, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Trustees has commenced a process to review a broad range of strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value. The Board of Trustees created a special committee of the Board of Trustees (the Special Committee to oversee the process. The Special Committee has retained Barclays Capital, Inc. Barclays as its financial advisor. The Company sought a shareholder vote to approve a proposed plan of sale of our assets and dissolution (the Plan of Sale that would allow our Board of Trustees to sell all of our assets, distribute the net proceeds to shareholders and dissolve the Company, which Plan of Sale can be suspended by the Board of Trustees. 
 
 - 1 - 

The 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders occurred on October 24, 2022 at which time the Plan of Sale was approved by the shareholders, following our filing of a final proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on September 14, 2022. See Note 1 Organization of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about the Plan of Sale. The strategic review process remains ongoing as the Company executes the Plan of Sale. There can be no assurance that the review process will result in any transaction or that the Company will be successful in fully executing on the Plan of Sale. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations There can be no assurance that our review of strategic alternatives will result in any transaction or any strategic change at this time. 
 Market Update 
 Over the last several months, the Company, along with the commercial real estate market as a whole, has experienced and continues to experience progressively more challenging market conditions as a result of, among other things, the continued rise in interest rates, increases to required return hurdles for institutional buyers, availability of debt capital (including the willingness of commercial banks to lend in light of potential recession risks and balance sheet constraints), continued inflation resulting in higher construction and labor costs for development (which has the effect of, among other things, making cost estimates in development proformas more challenging), decreased demand for office development (with concerns about long term demand for office space including, but not limited to, continued work-from-home trends), and slowing rent growth expectations due to potential recession concerns. These conditions have applied and continue to apply downward pricing pressure on all of our assets. The assets we have sold to date have been those generally less impacted by these adverse market trends. In making decisions regarding whether and when to transact on each of the Company s remaining assets, the Company will consider various factors including, but not limited to, the breadth of the buyer universe, macroeconomic conditions, the availability and cost of financing, as well as corporate, operating and other capital expenses required to carry the asset. If these challenging market conditions persist, then we expect that they will impact the Plan of Sale proceeds from our assets and the amounts and timing of distributions to shareholders. 
 Business Strategies 
 The Company s primary objective is to create value for its shareholders through the monetization of the Company s assets in accordance with the Plan of Sale, which can be suspended by the Board of Trustees. Additionally, we have identified various sites that we believe have the demand and demographic profile to support other uses such as residential, biotechnology, office and others. Given our fee ownership of these properties and control over parking lots and outparcels, we believe that these sites are well positioned for such value creation opportunities. We additionally will look to further lease our built retail footprint and densify any excess land through the addition of triple net NNN or ground lease pad sites, which are standalone sites upon which a customized space can be built or leased for a tenant, to the extent that we believe these actions would be accretive to shareholder value. 
 In order to achieve its objective, the Company intends to execute the following strategies: 
 Multi-tenant Retail: Our portfolio of 31 multi-tenant retail assets provides positive cash flow and are primarily leased to a variety of national credit tenants. As of December 31, 2022, this portfolio was 81.0 leased with a pipeline of 0.1 million square feet. A majority of our leases are effectively NNN based on the structure of our leases, providing an important inflation hedge. This portfolio also affords numerous further densification opportunities through the addition of pads on excess parking areas. We are working to maximize value of these assets and position them for sale. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 we have sold 17 multi-tenant retail assets. 

Densification and Redevelopment Opportunities: In particular, we have identified various sites that we believe have the demand and demographic profile to support other uses such as residential, biotechnology, office and others. Given our fee ownership of these properties and control over parking lots and outparcels, we believe that these sites are well positioned for such value creation opportunities. To the extent that we believe it will be accretive to shareholder value we will look to entitle and/or execute on further densification opportunities by converting vacant land to pad sites. 

Premier/Master Planned Mixed Use and Residential: As of December 31, 2022, our full portfolio included approximately 1,314 acres of land, or an average of 13.5 acres per site, and our most significant geographic concentrations were in higher growth markets in California, Florida, Texas, and the Northeast. We believe these land holdings will provide meaningful opportunities to create value through relevant investments and developments. Three sites have been identified as potential residential developments. The average acreage per site is 11.5. 

Non-core Assets for Monetization: We continue to assess the best use for all sites within our portfolio, including residential, retail, and converting excess land area to pad sites. The non-core assets are those assets where we believe we will maximize value by selling in its current state. 

The Company sought a shareholder vote to approve the Plan of Sale. The 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders occurred on October 24, 2022, following our filing of a final proxy statement with the SEC on September 14, 2022. During the meeting, the Plan of Sale was approved by the shareholders. 
 
 - 2 - 

COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and continues to cause significant impacts on the real estate industry in the United States, including the Company s properties. 
 As a result of the fluidity surrounding this situation, the Company expects that these conditions may change, potentially significantly, in future periods and results for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be indicative of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business for future periods. As such, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact of COVID-19 on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows over the foreseeable future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had collected 99.6 of rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022. While the Company intends to enforce its contractual rights under its leases, there can be no assurance that tenants will meet their future obligations or that additional rental modification agreements will not be necessary. 
 Significant Tenants 
 Management believes the Company s portfolio is reasonably diversified and does not contain any significant concentrations of credit risk. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has one tenant that comprises 14 of annualized base rent, with no other tenants exceeding 10 of annualized base rent. The Company's portfolio of 80 Consolidated Properties and 17 Unconsolidated Properties was diversified by location across 28 states. 
 Competition 
 We currently compete with other properties located in markets in which our assets are located both from an operations perspective and with respect to the disposition of our assets. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We compete for prospective tenants with REITs, real estate partnerships and other real estate companies, private individuals, investment companies, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds, pension funds, insurance companies, lenders and other investors, including retail operators that may close stores and pursue similar real estate strategies. In addition, revenues from our properties are dependent on the ability of our tenants and operators to compete. 
 As a landlord, we compete in the real estate market with numerous developers and owners of properties, including the shopping centers in which our properties are located. Some of our competitors have greater economies of scale, relationships with national tenants at multiple properties which are owned or operated by such competitors, access to more resources and greater name recognition than we do. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below the current market rates or below the rentals we currently charge, or on terms and conditions which include locations at multiple properties, we may lose our existing and/or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates or to offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvement allowances, early termination rights or below-market renewal options in order to win new tenants and retain tenants when our leases expire. 
 With respect to the disposition of our assets, our ability to compete is also impacted by national and local economic trends, availability of investment alternatives, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, existing laws and regulations, new legislation and population trends. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our properties are subject to environmental laws regulating, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges and the handling and disposal of wastes. Certain of the properties were built during the time that asbestos-containing building materials were routinely installed in residential and commercial structures. In addition, a substantial portion of the properties we acquired from Sears Holdings currently include, or previously included, automotive care center facilities and retail fueling facilities, and are or were subject to laws and regulations governing the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous substances contained in some of the products or materials used or sold in the automotive care center facilities (such as motor oil, fluid in hydraulic lifts, antifreeze and solvents and lubricants), the recycling/disposal of batteries and tires, air emissions, wastewater discharges and waste management. In addition to these products or materials, the equipment in use or previously used at such properties, such as service equipment, car lifts, oil/water separators, and storage tanks, has been subject to increasing environmental regulation relating to, among other things, the storage, handling, use, disposal, and transportation of hazardous materials. Our leases include, or are expected to include, provisions obligating the operator to comply with applicable environmental laws and to indemnify us if such operator s noncompliance results in losses or claims against us with respect to environmental matters first arising during such operator s occupancy. An operator s failure to comply could result in fines and penalties or the requirement to undertake corrective actions which may result in significant costs to the operator and thus adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. 
 - 3 - 

Pursuant to U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be required to investigate, remove and/or remediate a release of hazardous substances or other regulated materials at, or emanating from, such property. Further, under certain circumstances, such owners or operators of real property may be held liable for property damage, personal injury and/or natural resource damage resulting from or arising in connection with such releases. Certain of these laws have been interpreted to be joint and several unless the harm is divisible and there is a reasonable basis for allocation of responsibility. We also may be liable under certain of these laws for damage that occurred prior to our ownership of a property or at a site where we sent wastes for disposal. The failure to properly remediate a property may also adversely affect our ability to lease, sell or rent the property or to borrow funds using the property as collateral. 
 Under the Holdco Master Lease, Holdco was required to indemnify us from certain environmental liabilities at the Consolidated Properties before or during the period in which any such Consolidated Property was leased to Holdco, including removal and remediation of all affected facilities and equipment constituting the automotive care center facilities. In addition, an environmental reserve was funded concurrently with the formation of the Company in the amount of approximately 12.0 million. As of December 31, 2021, the balance of the environmental reserve was approximately 9.5 million and was included in the accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As a result of settling the litigation referenced in Item 3, the Company was released from any obligation to reimburse Holdco for remediation work performed and the Company is no longer required to maintain the environmental reserve. The extinguishment of the 9.5 million liability has been recorded to miscellaneous income during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the liability was 0 as of December 31, 2022. 
 In connection with the ownership of our current or past properties and any properties that we may acquire in the future, we could be legally responsible for environmental liabilities or costs relating to a release of hazardous substances or other regulated materials at or emanating from such property. We are not aware of any environmental issues that are expected to have a material impact on the operations of our properties. However, we can make no assurances that the discovery of previously unknown environmental conditions or future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose material environmental liabilities on us, or the current environmental condition of our properties will not be affected by tenants, the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of our properties (such as releases from underground storage tanks), or by third parties unrelated to us. 
 Insurance 
 We have comprehensive liability, property and rental loss insurance with respect to our portfolio of properties. We believe that such insurance provides adequate coverage. 
 REIT Qualification 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Trustees, with the recommendation of the Special Committee, approved a plan to terminate the Company's REIT status and become a taxable C Corporation effective January 1, 2022. As a result, the Company is no longer required to operate under REIT rules, including the requirement to distribute at least 90 of REIT taxable income to its stockholders, which provides the Company with greater flexibility to use its free cash flow. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company is subject to federal and state income taxes on its taxable income at applicable tax rates and is no longer entitled to a tax deduction for dividends paid. The Company operated as a REIT for the 2021 tax year and prior tax years, and existing REIT requirements and limitations, including those established by the Company s organizational documents, remained in place through December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 7 Income Taxes of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Financial Information about Industry Segments 
 We currently operate in a single reportable segment, which includes the ownership, development, redevelopment, management, sale and leasing of real estate properties. We review operating and financial results for each property on an individual basis. We, therefore, aggregate all of our properties into one reportable segment due to their similarities with regard to the nature and economics of the properties, tenants and operational process. 
 Human Capital 
 We believe that our employees are our most important asset. As of December 31, 2022, we had 32 full-time employees, all of whom are located in the United States, with the majority located in New York. We strive to retain our top talent, and we believe that our business offers a unique opportunity for individuals to grow and learn. In conjunction with adopting the Plan of Sale, the Company provided retention agreements to its employees to ensure that it has the talent in place to execute the Plan of Sale. 
 During 2022, our number one priority was the health and safety of our team, our families and loved ones, our communities and our partners, including our tenants, contractors, and other stakeholders. We understand the importance of the mental, physical and social health and well-being of our employees and take actions to promote good health such as providing mental health days off. 
 
 - 4 - 

Our core principles guide how we conduct ourselves and approach the challenges and opportunities that we face. Our core principles are: 
 Maintain a diverse and inclusive culture based on respect 

Build relationships for the long term 

Create an environment of constant improvement 

Be entrepreneurial and proactive 

Inspire people and communities through our projects 

We believe that diversity and inclusion at all levels of our organization are imperative to our future successes. This means that bringing your authentic self to work every day is seen as an asset. We have focused our diversity and inclusion efforts on employee recruitment, employee engagement, consulting engagements, community outreach and partnering with like-minded organizations. As of December 31, 2022, our organization was comprised of 41 women and 31 people of color. Our management team, which is defined as Senior Vice Presidents and above, including consultants who hold roles in those positions, was comprised of 44 women. We had four diverse members of our Board of Trustees. We also take diversity into consideration when evaluating vendor selection. We regularly review our compensation practices to ensure employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid relative to others doing the same or similar work. All employees receive training in the prevention and reporting of sexual harassment, discriminatory and abusive conduct in the workplace. 
 Because the engagement of our employees is important, we encourage a work environment that fosters collaboration across departments and levels. We take pride in being able to have the newest member of the team work side-by-side with our most tenured and senior executives. We believe this encourages creativity, creates opportunities for improvements and efficiencies, and strengthens our team. We regularly solicit feedback from our employees and take actions designed to increase employee engagement. 
 We depend on our people to create value in our portfolio and company. We offer attractive compensation with comprehensive benefits for employees and their dependents. 
 Available Information 
 Our office is located at 500 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10110 and our telephone number is (212) 355-7800. Our website address is www.seritage.com . Our reports electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act can be accessed through this site, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such reports. These filings are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our website also contains copies of our corporate governance guidelines and code of business conduct and ethics as well as the charters of our audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees. The information on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 - 5 - 

ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common shares of beneficial interest could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any strategic transaction or strategic change on terms satisfactory to the Special Committee. 

We have experienced progressively more challenging market conditions over the last several months. 

We cannot assure our shareholders of the amount they will receive in shareholder distributions under the Plan of Sale or when they will receive them. 

If we are unable to find buyers for our assets on a timely basis or at our expected sales prices, our shareholder distributions under the Plan of Sale may be delayed or reduced. 

We are dependent on the ability of our major tenants to successfully operate their businesses. 

The future bankruptcy or insolvency of any of our tenants could result in the termination of such tenant s lease and material losses to us. 

We may not be able to renew leases or re-lease space at our properties and property vacancies could result in significant capital expenditures. 

Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. 

Both we and our tenants face a wide range of competition and related challenges that could affect our ability to operate profitably. 

We have ongoing capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing or other sources of funding on acceptable terms. 

Real estate taxes may increase, and if these increases are not passed on to tenants, our income will be reduced. 

Changes in building and/or zoning laws may require us to meet additional or more stringent construction requirements. 

Our real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. 

Properties in our portfolio may be subject to ground leases; if we are found to be in breach of these ground leases or are unable to renew them, we could be materially and adversely affected. 

Certain properties within our portfolio are subject to restrictions pursuant to reciprocal easement agreements, operating agreements, or similar agreements, some of which contain a purchase option or right of first refusal or right of first offer in favor of a third party. 

Economic conditions, higher interest rates and a possible recession could materially adversely affect our business. 

Rising expenses could reduce cash flow. 

We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in commodity and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects. 

Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act may require us to make expenditures. 

Environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations may limit or restrict some of our operations or otherwise cause us to incur significant costs. 

Environmental costs and liabilities associated with contamination at real estate properties owned by us may materially and adversely affect us. 

Our business faces potential risks associated with natural disasters, severe weather conditions and climate change and related legislation and regulations, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and operating results. 

Possible acts of war, terrorist activity or other acts of violence or cybersecurity incidents could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

- 6 - 

Cybersecurity incidents could cause a disruption to our operations, a compromise of confidential information and damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may incur mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks. 

Covenants in our Term Loan Facility may limit our operational flexibility and a covenant breach or default could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Our rights and the rights of our shareholders to take action against our trustees and officers are limited. 

Our Declaration of Trust and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent an acquisition of Class A common shares or a change in control. 

We may experience insurance related losses or insurance proceeds may not be available to us, which could result in a significant loss, decrease anticipated future revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expense. 

Mr. Lampert may exert substantial influence over us, and his interests may differ from or conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. 

Our investments in or redevelopment of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. 

Current and future redevelopment may not yield expected returns. 

If members of our management team terminate their employment with us or we are unable to retain talented employees our financial results and/or the Plan of Sale may be adversely affected. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to, and the future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases may, materially and adversely impact the business of our tenants and our business. 

Risks Related to Our Tax Status 
 If we experience an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 of the Code, our ability to utilize our net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards and certain built-in losses to reduce our future taxable income could be limited, potentially increasing the net taxable income on which we must pay corporate-level taxes, and potentially adversely affecting our liquidity, and our desire to preserve our net operating losses and net capital loss carryforwards may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities. 

If we do not qualify to be taxed as a REIT for any taxable year through 2021, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 

We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility and reduce the price of our common stock. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Securities 
 The market price and trading volume of our securities may be volatile. 

We have issued Series A Preferred Shares, which, along with future offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, rank senior to our common shares for purposes of distributions or upon liquidation, may adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 

The number of shares available for future sale and our earnings could adversely affect the market price of Class A common shares. 

The Series A preferred shares have not been rated. 

A lack of active trading market for the Series A Preferred Shares may negatively affect the market value of, and the ability of holders of our Series A Preferred Shares to transfer or sell, their shares. 

The Series A Preferred Shares are subordinate in right of payment to debt. The interests of holders of Series A Preferred Shares could be diluted by transactions such as the issuance of additional preferred shares. 

Dividends on our preferred shares, including the Series A Preferred Shares, are discretionary. 

Holders of Series A Preferred Shares have limited voting rights. 

- 7 - 

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any strategic transaction or strategic change on terms satisfactory to the Special Committee. 
 On March 1, 2022, we announced that our Board of Trustees had commenced a process to review a broad range of strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value. The Board of Trustees created a Special Committee to oversee the process. The strategic review process remains ongoing. The Company sought a shareholder vote to approve the Plan of Sale that would allow our board to sell all of our assets, distribute the net proceeds to shareholders and dissolve the Company. The affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all outstanding common shares of the Company was required to approve the Plan of Sale. The 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders occurred on October 24, 2022, following our filing of a final proxy statement with the SEC on September 14, 2022. During the meeting, the Plan of Sale was approved by the shareholders. 
 Edward Lampert, our former Chairman, entered into a Voting and Support Agreement under which he exchanged his equity interest in the Operating Partnership for Class A common shares and agreed to vote his shares in favor of the Plan of Sale. As of January 4, 2023, after giving effect to the exchange of his operating partnership interests, Mr. Lampert owns approximately 27.6 of the Company s outstanding Class A common shares, and Seritage is the sole owner of all outstanding Operating Partnership interests. 
 Further, as we commence implementing the Plan of Sale, it may dissuade parties that might have an interest in acquiring our Company as a whole by means of a merger transaction or otherwise from pursing such an acquisition and may also preclude other possible courses of action not yet identified by our Board. The strategic review process remains ongoing, and the Company remains open-minded to pursuing value maximizing alternatives, including a potential sale of the Company. There can be no assurance regarding the success of the process. 
 We have experienced progressively more challenging market conditions and there can be no assurances that these challenges will abate, which we expect will adversely impact the net Plan of Sale proceeds from our assets. 
 Over the last several months, we, along with the commercial real estate market as a whole, have experienced and continue to experience progressively more challenging market conditions, as a result of, among other things, the continued rise in interest rates, increases to required return hurdles for institutional buyers, availability of debt capital (including the willingness of commercial banks to lend in light of potential recession risks and balance sheet constraints), continued inflation resulting in higher construction and labor costs for development (which has the effect of, among other things, making cost estimates in development proformas more challenging), decreased demand for office development (with concerns about long term demand for office space including, but not limited to, continued work-from-home trends) and slowing rent growth expectations due to potential recession concerns. These challenging market conditions have applied and continue to apply downward pricing pressure on all of our assets. Although the assets that we have sold to date in connection with the Plan of Sale have been those assets that have been generally less impacted by these adverse market trends, there can be no assurances that these challenges will abate. In making decisions regarding whether and when to transact on each of our remaining assets, we will consider various factors including, but not limited to, the breadth of the buyer universe, macroeconomic conditions, the availability and cost of financing, as well as corporate, operating and other capital expenses required to carry the asset. If these challenging market conditions persist, then we expect that they will impact the Plan of Sale proceeds from our assets and the amounts and timing of distributions to our shareholders. 
 We cannot assure our shareholders of the amount they will receive in shareholder distributions under the Plan of Sale or when they will receive them. 
 The net proceeds that will be distributed to our Class A shareholders over time (directly or through a liquidating trust or other liquidating entity) from the Plan of Sale will be based on a number of factors including: (a) the actual proceeds from the sale of our assets; (b) the repayment of our Term Loan Facility, (c) the redemption of the Company s outstanding Series A Preferred Shares, (d) the settlement of certain financial obligations, (e) the debt service and dividends on Series A Preferred Shares prior to repayment and redemption, (f) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the sale of our assets, (g) the expenses and capital expenditures to be incurred and revenue to be generated from our properties prior to disposition and estimates of the general administrative expenses, (h) the wind-down costs of the Company and (i) the Company s taxes and other liabilities.The estimates initially prepared and included in our most recent annual proxy statement about the amount of shareholder distributions that we may make in connection with the Plan of Sale were based on many estimates and assumptions (which were derived based on data and information reviewed by Company management and advisors as of or prior to June 2022), one or more of which may prove to be incorrect and/or, as noted above, may be adversely affected by market conditions and other circumstances that have changed since the preparation of those estimates. As a result, the actual amount of shareholder distributions may be less than we initially estimated and/or may be paid later than we predicted. 
 
 - 8 - 

We also note that, if our liabilities (including, without limitation, tax liabilities and compliance costs) are greater than we currently expect or if the sales prices of our assets are less than we expect, shareholders will receive less distributions for each common share that they currently own than we initially estimated. In addition, such estimated shareholder distributions do not reflect estimated costs or liabilities related to pending and any future litigation. 
 If we are unable to find buyers for our assets on a timely basis or at our expected sales prices, our shareholder distributions under the Plan of Sale may be delayed or reduced. 
 In calculating our estimated total shareholder distributions, we assumed that we will be able to find buyers for all of our assets at amounts based on our estimated range of gross real estate sales prices (based on data and information reviewed by Company management and advisors as of or prior to early June 2022). However, we may have overestimated the sales prices that we will ultimately be able to obtain for these assets and/or, as noted above, market conditions and other circumstances have changed in the months since the preparation of those estimates. For example, in order to find buyers in a timely manner, we may be required to lower our asking price below the low end of our current estimate of the asset s market value. If we are not able to find buyers for these assets in a timely manner, if we have overestimated the sales prices we will receive, and/or if market conditions continue to deteriorate, our shareholder distributions to our shareholders will be delayed or reduced. 
 Furthermore, real estate sales prices are constantly changing and fluctuate with changes in interest rates, supply and demand dynamics, occupancy percentages, lease rates, the availability of suitable buyers, the perceived quality and dependability of income flows from tenancies and a number of other factors, both local and national. In addition, transactional fees and expenses or unknown liabilities, if any, may adversely impact the net Plan of Sale proceeds from our assets. 
 We are dependent on the ability of our major tenants, to successfully operate their businesses. Our tenants failure to operate their businesses successfully, or the occurrence of an event that has a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of any of our major tenants, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our leased properties are leased to our major tenants. As a result, the success of our investments, at least in the short-term, is materially dependent on the financial condition of our major tenants. At any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their respective businesses that may significantly weaken their financial condition, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. This uncertainty may be exacerbated as a result of actual changes in economic conditions, including as a result of market dynamics, trends in consumer income, rising energy prices, rising interest rates, tariffs or trade disputes, and natural or manmade disasters, including epidemic or pandemic disease, or the impact of the fear of such changes on consumer behavior. As a result, our tenants may delay lease commencements, decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments when due, close a number of locations or declare bankruptcy. 
 The inability or unwillingness of our any of major tenants to meet rent obligations and other obligations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, including a reduction in operating cash flow that can be used to pay the interest, principal and other costs and expenses under our financings, or to pay cash dividends on our preferred shares, including the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 In addition, certain of our lease agreements require our tenants to pay certain insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties and to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective business, subject to proportionate sharing of expenses and certain other limitations. Our exposure to rental payments from our major tenants as a material source of our rental income may limit our ability to enforce our rights under our lease agreements with such tenants. 
 The risk of financial failure of, or default in payment by, a major tenant is magnified in situations where we lease multiple properties to a single tenant under a master lease, and we may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights under such agreements. In such event, we may have been unable to locate a suitable master lessee or a lessee for individual properties at similar rental rates and other obligations and in a timely manner at all, which would have had the effect of reducing our rental revenues. 
 There can be no assurance as to how our major tenants will perform in the future. Outcomes not currently foreseen by us may occur, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 - 9 - 

The future bankruptcy or insolvency of any of our tenants could result in the termination of such tenant s lease and material losses to us. 
 The future bankruptcy or insolvency of any of our tenants, could diminish the rental revenue we receive from that property or could force us to take back tenant space as a result of a default or a rejection of the lease by a tenant in bankruptcy. Any claims against bankrupt tenants for unpaid future rent are subject to statutory limitations that would likely result in our receipt of rental revenues that are substantially less than the contractually specified rent we are owed under their leases or no payments at all. In addition, any claim we have for unpaid past rent may not be paid in full. Federal law may prohibit us from evicting a tenant based solely upon its recent bankruptcy filing (or a tenant in the event of such tenant s bankruptcy or insolvency). We may also be unable to re-lease a terminated or rejected space or re-lease it on comparable or more favorable terms. If we do re-lease rejected space, we may incur costs for brokerage, marketing and tenant expenses. 
 Bankruptcy laws afford certain protections to tenants that may also affect the treatment of master leases. Subject to certain restrictions, a tenant under a master lease generally is required to assume or reject the master lease as a whole, rather than making the decision on a property-by-property basis. This prevents the tenant from assuming only the better performing properties and terminating the master lease with respect to the poorer performing properties. 
 We may not be able to renew leases or re-lease space at our properties and property vacancies could result in significant capital expenditures. 
 When leases for our properties expire or are terminated, the premises may not be re-leased in a timely manner or at all, or the terms of re-leasing, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the then-existing lease terms. The loss of a tenant through lease expiration or other circumstances may require us to spend (in addition to other re-letting expenses) significant amounts of capital to renovate the property before it is suitable for a new tenant and cause us to incur significant costs in the form of ongoing expenses for property maintenance, taxes, insurance and other expenses. Many of the leases we have entered into or acquired may be for properties that are especially suited to the particular business of the tenants operating on those properties. Because these properties have been designed or physically modified for a particular tenant, if the current lease is terminated or not renewed, we may be required to renovate the property at substantial costs, decrease the rent we charge or provide other concessions to re-lease the property. In addition, we may have difficulty selling it to a party other than the tenant due to the special purpose for which the property may have been designed or modified. This potential illiquidity may limit our ability to quickly modify our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions, including tenant demand. Also, we may not be able to lease new properties to an appropriate mix of tenants or for rents that are consistent with our expectations. To the extent that our leasing plans are not achieved or we incur significant capital expenditures as a result of property vacancies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Both we and our tenants face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably. 
 The presence of competitive alternatives, both to our properties and the businesses that lease our properties, affects our ability to lease space and the level of rents we can obtain. Our properties operate in locations that compete with other retail properties and also compete with other forms of retailing, such as catalogs and e-commerce websites. Competition may also come from strip centers, outlet centers, lifestyle centers and malls, and both existing and future development projects. New construction, renovations and expansions at competing sites could also negatively affect our properties. In addition, we compete with other retail property companies for tenants and qualified management. These other retail property companies may have relationships with tenants that we do not have since we have a limited operating history, including with respect to national chains that may be desirable tenants. If we are unable to successfully compete, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. See also Item 1. Business - Competition. 
 In addition, the retail business is highly competitive and if our retail tenants fail to differentiate their shopping experiences, create an attractive value proposition or execute their business strategies, they may terminate, default on, or fail to renew their leases with us, and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, we believe that the increase in digital and mobile technology usage has increased the speed of the transition from shopping at physical locations to web-based purchases and that our tenants may be negatively affected by these changing consumer spending habits. If our tenants are unsuccessful in adapting their businesses, and, as a result terminate, default on, or fail to renew their leases with us, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 - 10 - 

We have ongoing capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing or other sources of funding on acceptable terms. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate outstanding indebtedness of 1.03 billion. Our existing debt could require a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments. Demands on our cash resources from debt service will reduce funds available to us to pay dividends on our preferred shares, including the Series A Preferred Shares, make capital expenditures or carry out other aspects of our business strategy. Our indebtedness may also limit our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive disadvantages for us compared to other companies with relatively lower debt levels. Increased future debt service obligations may limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to finance or refinance our properties, contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. 
 Our primary uses of cash include the payment of property operating and other expenses, including general and administrative expenses and debt service, and the reinvestment in and redevelopment of our properties. As a result of a decrease in occupancy levels due to our recapture of space for redevelopment purposes and the execution of termination rights under the Original Master Lease and Holdco Master Lease, our property rental income, which is a source of operating cash flow, did not fully fund property operating and other expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our asset sales are our principal source of cash flow. Property operating and other expenses are projected to continue to exceed property rental income until such time as additional tenants commence paying rent, and we plan to incur additional development expenditures as we continue to invest in the redevelopment of our portfolio. While we do not currently have the liquid funds available to fully fund projected property and other expenses and planned development expenditures, we expect to fund these uses of cash with a combination of capital sources including, but not limited to, sales of Consolidated Properties, sales of interests in Unconsolidated Properties and potential credit and capital markets transactions, subject to compliance with certain conditions and/or the consent of our lender under our Term Loan Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were not in compliance with certain financial metrics applicable to us under the agreements governing our term loan facility. Additionally, the lender had the right to request mortgages against our assets pursuant to the mortgage and collateral requirement. As of December 31, 2022, at the request of the lender, all assets have mortgages. 
 The Term Loan Facility also provides for a 400 million incremental facility (the Incremental Funding Facility ). Our ability to access the Incremental Funding Facility is subject to (i) our achieving rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants, on an annualized basis (after giving effect to SNO Leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months) for the fiscal quarter ending prior to the date of incurrence of the Incremental Funding Facility, of not less than 200 million, (ii) our good faith projection that rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants (after giving effect to SNO Leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months) for the succeeding four consecutive fiscal quarters (beginning with the fiscal quarter during which the incremental facility is accessed) will be not less than 200 million, and (iii) the repayment by the Operating Partnership of any deferred interest permitted under the amendment to the Term Loan Agreement (as defined below) as further described below. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not yet achieved the requirements to access the Incremental Funding Facility. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company made a 230 million voluntary prepayment on the Term Loan Facility. This prepayment brought the outstanding balance on the Term Loan Facility to 800 million. Pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Facility, by reducing our outstanding principal balance to 800 million, the maturity date for the Term Loan Facility was extended for two years to July 31, 2025. 
 As of March 6, 2023, the Company has assets under contract for anticipated proceeds of 366.3 million and has accepted offers and is currently negotiating definitive purchase and sale agreements of approximately 98.0 million. The Company continues to use the proceeds from sold assets to further reduce the outstanding balance of the Term Loan Facility. See Note 1 Going Concern of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the going concern. 
 Real estate related taxes may increase, and if these increases are not passed on to tenants, our income will be reduced. 
 Some local real property tax assessors may seek to reassess some of our properties as a result of our acquisitions and/or redevelopment of properties. Generally, from time to time, our property taxes increase as property values or assessment rates change or for other reasons deemed relevant by the assessors. An increase in the assessed valuation of a property for real estate tax purposes will result in an increase in the related real estate taxes on that property. Although some leases may permit us to pass through such tax increases to the tenants for payment, there is no assurance that renewal leases or future leases will be negotiated on the same basis. Increases not passed through to tenants will reduce our income. 
 
 - 11 - 

Changes in building and/or zoning laws may require us to update a property or prevent us from fully restoring a property in the event of a substantial casualty loss and/or require us to meet additional or more stringent construction requirements. 
 Due to changes in, among other things, applicable building and zoning laws, ordinances and codes that may affect certain of our properties that have come into effect after the initial construction of the properties, certain properties may not comply fully with current building and/or zoning laws, including electrical, fire, health and safety codes and regulations, use, lot coverage, parking and setback requirements, but may qualify as permitted non-conforming uses. Such changes in building and zoning laws may require updating various existing physical conditions of buildings in connection with our recapture, renovation, and/or redevelopment of properties. In addition, such changes in building and zoning laws may limit our or our tenants ability to restore the premises of a property to its previous condition in the event of a substantial casualty loss with respect to the property or the ability to refurbish, expand or renovate such property to remain compliant, or increase the cost of construction in order to comply with changes in building or zoning codes and regulations. If we are unable to restore a property to its prior use after a substantial casualty loss or are required to comply with more stringent building or zoning codes and regulations, we may be unable to re-lease the space at a comparable effective rent or sell the property at an acceptable price, which may materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 On a periodic basis, we must assess whether there are any indicators that the value of our real estate assets and other investments may be impaired. If an impairment indicator is identified, a property s value is considered to be impaired only if management s estimate of current and projected operating cash flows (undiscounted and unlevered), taking into account the anticipated and probability weighted holdings periods, are less than the carrying value of the property. In our estimate of cash flow projections, we consider factors such as expected future operating income, trends and prospects, the effects of demand, competition and other factors. If we are evaluating the potential sale of an asset, the undiscounted future cash flows consider the most likely course of action at the balance sheet date based on current plans, intended holding periods and available market information. We are required to make subjective assessments as to whether there are impairments in the value of our real estate assets and other investments. These assessments may have a direct impact on our earnings because recording an impairment charge results in an immediate negative adjustment to earnings. We may take impairment charges in the future related to the impairment of our assets, and any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment charge is taken. 
 Properties in our portfolio may be subject to ground leases; if we are found to be in breach of these ground leases or are unable to renew them, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We currently have one property in our consolidated portfolio that is on land subject to a ground lease. Accordingly, we only own a long-term leasehold in the land underlying this property, and we own the improvements thereon only during the term of the ground lease. If we are found to be in breach of a ground lease, we could lose the right to use the property and could also be liable to the ground lessor for damages. In addition, unless we can purchase a fee interest in the underlying land or extend the terms of this lease before its expiration, which we may be unable to do, we will lose our right to operate this property and our interest in the improvements upon expiration of the lease. Our ability to exercise options to extend the term of our ground lease is subject to the condition that we are not in default under the terms of the ground lease at the time that we exercise such options, and we may not be able to exercise our options at such time. Furthermore, we may not be able to renew our ground lease upon its expiration (after the exercise of all renewal options). If we were to lose the right to use a property due to a breach or non-renewal or final expiration of the ground lease, we would be unable to derive income from such property, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions or results of operations. 
 
 - 12 - 

Certain properties within our portfolio are subject to restrictions pursuant to reciprocal easement agreements, operating agreements, or similar agreements, some of which contain a purchase option or right of first refusal or right of first offer in favor of a third party. 
 Many of the properties in our portfolio are subject to use restrictions and/or operational requirements imposed pursuant to ground leases, restrictive covenants or conditions, reciprocal easement agreements or operating agreements (collectively, Property Restrictions that could adversely affect our ability to redevelop the properties or lease space to third parties or sell the properties. Such Property Restrictions could include, for example, limitations on alterations, changes, expansions, or reconfiguration of properties; limitations on use of properties, including for retail uses only; limitations affecting parking requirements; restrictions on exterior or interior signage or facades; or access to an adjoining mall, among other things. In certain cases, consent of the other party or parties to such agreements may be required when altering, reconfiguring, expanding, redeveloping or re-leasing properties. Failure to secure such consents when necessary may harm our ability to execute leasing, redevelopment or expansion strategies, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In certain cases, a third party may have a purchase option or right of first refusal or right of first offer that is activated by a sale or transfer of the property, or a change in use or operations, including a closing of the Sears operation or cessation of business operations, on the encumbered property. These restrictions may impact our ability to sell assets as contemplated in the Plan of Sale. From time to time, we have been involved in disputes or legal proceedings relating to such Property Restrictions, which may result in the incurrence of legal costs and diversion of management resources to resolve. 
 Economic conditions, higher interest rates and a possible recession could materially adversely affect our business and/or the net proceeds available from the sale of our assets. 
 Our business is affected by a number of factors that are largely beyond our control but may nevertheless have a significant negative impact on us and on the Plan of Sale. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 interest rates and credit spreads have increased significantly during 2022 and are expected to increase further, which could negatively impact potential buyers ability to purchase our properties; 

the availability of credit, including the price, terms and conditions under which it can be obtained; 

a decrease in consumer spending or sentiment, including as a result of increases in savings rates and tax increases, and any effect that this may have on retail activity; 

the actual and perceived state of the real estate and retail markets and public capital markets in general; 

unemployment rates, both nationwide and within the primary markets in which we operate; and 

an economic slowdown, in the U.S. or globally, including the possibility of a recession. 

In addition, economic conditions such as inflation or deflation could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Deflation may have an impact on our ability to repay our debt. Deflation may delay consumption and thus weaken tenant sales, which may reduce our tenants ability to pay rents. Deflationary pressure on retailers may diminish their ability to rent our space and decrease our ability to re-lease the space on favorable terms to us. 
 The U.S. economy is currently experiencing and may continue to experience higher inflation than in prior periods. During inflationary periods, interest rates have historically increased. Our general and administrative expenses would also be expected to increase at a rate higher than rents we collect. Also, inflation may adversely affect tenant leases with stated rent increases, which could be lower than the increase in inflation at any given time. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact our tenants sales and, in turn, our own results of operations. 
 Any economic slowdown, including a possible recession, could impair our ability to sell our properties. Rising interest rates, beyond potentially reducing the market appetite for our properties, could lead to a potential recession that might impact the sale of our assets as contemplated in the Plan of Sale. Additionally, rising interest rates will make any planned financing for prospective buyers of our properties more expensive, which might diminish our ability to sell our properties and/or the prices at which we might sell our properties. 
 Restricted lending practices may negatively impact our tenants ability to obtain credit. Decreases in consumer demand can have a direct impact on our tenants and the rents we receive. 
 
 - 13 - 

Rising expenses could reduce cash flow. 
 If any property is not fully occupied or becomes vacant in whole or in part, or if rents are being paid in an amount that is insufficient to cover operating costs and expenses, we could be required to expend funds with respect to that property for operating expenses. Our properties are subject to increases in tax rates and tax assessments, utility costs, insurance costs, repairs, maintenance and administrative expenses, and other operating expenses. We may also incur significant expenditures as a result of deferred maintenance for the properties we have already acquired (subject to reserved funds to cover certain of these costs). If we are unable to lease properties on a triple-net-lease basis or on a basis requiring the tenants to pay all or some of such expenses, or if tenants fail to pay required tax, utility and other impositions and other operating expenses, we could be required to pay those costs. 
 We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in commodity and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects. 
 The price of commodities and skilled labor for our construction projects may increase unpredictably due to external factors, including, but not limited to, performance of third-party suppliers and contractors; overall market supply and demand; government regulation; international trade; supply chain disruptions; and changes in general business, economic, or political conditions. As a result, the costs of raw construction materials and skilled labor required for the completion of our development and redevelopment projects may fluctuate significantly from time to time. 
 While we do not rely on any single supplier or vendor for the majority of our materials and skilled labor, we may experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors whose supply chains might become impacted by economic or political changes, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from third-party contractors in a tightening labor market. It is uncertain whether we would be able to source the essential commodities, supplies, materials, and skilled labor timely or at all without incurring significant costs or delays, particularly during times of economic uncertainty resulting from events outside of our control. We may be forced to seek new third-party suppliers or contractors, who we have not worked with in the past. 
 During 2021, and continuing into 2022, industry prices for certain construction materials experienced significant increases as a result of low inventories; surging demand fueled by the U.S. economy rebounding from the effects of COVID-19; tariffs imposed on imports of foreign steel, including on products from key competitors in the European Union and China; and significant changes in the U.S. steel production landscape stemming from the consolidation of certain steel-producing companies. Price surges on construction materials may result in corresponding increases in our overall construction costs as our projects undergo construction. 
 In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the U.S. continues to be experiencing serious supply chain disruptions as a result of substantial backlogs of container ships seeking to unload cargo at major ports on both the west and east coasts, with delays caused or exacerbated by port and trucking labor shortages, railway logistics issues and a shortage of warehouse space in close proximity to the affected ports. Supply chain constraints have impacted the cost, availability, and timing of certain materials deliveries. If not resolved, these backlogs and related logistics issues could result in project delays and increased costs for our construction activities and the US economy generally. 
 Compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act may require us to make expenditures that adversely affect our cash flows. 
 The Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities, but generally requires that buildings be made accessible to people with disabilities. Compliance with the ADA requirements could require removal of access barriers, and non-compliance could result in imposition of fines by the United States government or an award of damages to private litigants, or both. While the tenants to whom our properties are leased are generally obligated by law or lease to comply with the ADA provisions applicable to the property being leased to them, if required changes involve other property not being leased to such tenants, if the required changes include greater expenditures than anticipated, or if the changes must be made on a more accelerated basis than anticipated, the ability of these tenants to cover costs could be adversely affected. Moreover, certain other leases may require the landlord to comply with the ADA with respect to the building as a whole and/or the tenant s space. As a result of any of the foregoing circumstances, we could be required to expend funds to comply with the provisions of the ADA, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 - 14 - 

Environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations may limit or restrict some of our operations or otherwise cause us to incur significant costs. 
 As the owner or operator of various real properties and facilities, we must comply with various federal, state and local environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations. We and our properties are subject to such laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, disposal, emission and release of hazardous and non-hazardous substances and employee health and safety, as well as zoning restrictions. A substantial portion of our properties that have resulted in certain remediation activities currently include, or previously included, automotive care center facilities and retail fueling facilities, and/or above-ground or underground storage tanks, and are or were subject to laws and regulations governing the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous substances contained in some of the products or materials used or sold in the automotive care center facilities (such as gasoline, motor oil, fluid in hydraulic lifts, antifreeze, solvents and lubricants), the recycling/disposal of batteries and tires, air emissions, wastewater discharges and waste management. In addition to these products, the equipment in use or previously used at such properties, such as service equipment, car lifts, oil/water separators, and storage tanks, has been subject to increasing environmental regulation relating to, among other things, the storage, handling, use, disposal and transportation of hazardous materials. There are also federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances that govern the use, removal and/or replacement of underground storage tanks in the event of a release on, or an upgrade or redevelopment of, certain properties. Such laws, as well as common-law standards, may impose liability for any releases of hazardous substances associated with the underground storage tanks and may provide for third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators of such properties for damages associated with such releases. If hazardous substances are released from any underground storage tanks on any of our properties, we may be materially and adversely affected. In a few states, transfers of some types of sites are conditioned upon clean-up of contamination. If any of our properties are subject to such contamination, we may be subject to substantial clean-up costs in order to sell or otherwise transfer the property. 
 As the owner or operator of real property, we may also incur liability based on various building conditions. For example, buildings and other structures on properties that we currently own or operate or those we acquire or operate in the future contain, may contain, or may have contained, asbestos-containing material (or ACM ). Environmental, health and safety laws require that ACM be properly managed and maintained and may impose fines or penalties on owners, operators or employers for non-compliance with those requirements. These requirements include special precautions, such as removal, abatement or air monitoring, if ACM would be disturbed during maintenance, renovation or demolition of a building, potentially resulting in substantial costs. In addition, we may be subject to liability for personal injury or property damage sustained as a result of exposure to ACM or releases of ACM into the environment. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants or increase ventilation and/or expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants, or others if property damage or personal injury occurs. 
 Moreover, additional laws which may be passed in the future, or a finding of a violation of or liability under existing laws, could require us and/or one or more of the unconsolidated entities to make significant expenditures and otherwise limit or restrict some of our or its or their operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Environmental costs and liabilities associated with contamination at real estate properties owned by us may materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our properties may be subject to known and unknown environmental liabilities under various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to human health and the environment. Certain of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on certain statutory classes of persons, including current and former owners or operators, for the costs of investigation or remediation of contaminated properties. These laws and regulations apply to past and present business operations on the properties, including the use, storage, handling and recycling or disposal of hazardous substances or wastes. We may face liability for costs relating to the investigation and clean-up of any of our properties from which there has been a release or threatened release of hazardous substances or other regulated material or any third-party sites to which we have arranged for the disposed of hazardous substances, regardless of our knowledge of the contamination, the timing of the contamination, the cause of the contamination or the party responsible for the contamination of the property. 
 In addition to these costs, which could exceed a property s value, we could be liable for certain other costs, including governmental fines, and injuries to persons, property or natural resources. Further, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and the costs the government incurs in connection with such contamination. Any such costs or liens could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. Moreover, the presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. 
 Although existing and future leases are expected to require tenants generally to indemnify us for their non-compliance with environmental laws as a result of their occupancy, such tenants typically will not be required to indemnify us for environmental non-compliance arising prior to their occupancy. In such cases, we may incur costs and expenses under such leases or as a matter of law. The amount of any environmental liabilities could exceed the amounts for which third parties would be required to indemnify us (or the applicable unconsolidated entity) or their financial ability to do so. 
 
 - 15 - 

Each unconsolidated entity is subject to similar risks relating to environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with its Unconsolidated Properties, which may reduce the value of our investment in, or distributions to us by, one or more unconsolidated entities, or require that we make additional capital contributions to one or more unconsolidated entities. 
 Our business faces potential risks associated with natural disasters, severe weather conditions and climate change and related legislation and regulations, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and operating results. 
 Climate change may add to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters and severe weather conditions and create additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. Certain of our properties are located in areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather conditions, such as hurricanes, droughts, snow storms, floods and fires. Over time, the impact of climate change or the occurrence of natural disasters can delay new development and redevelopment projects, increase the costs of such projects if required to include resiliency measures to address climate-related risks, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, increase operating costs, create additional investment costs to make improvements to existing properties to comply with climate change regulations, increase future property insurance costs, and otherwise negatively impact the tenant demand for space. In addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulations relating to climate change, such as green building codes, could result in increased operating expenses and capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our properties, or potentially result in fines for noncompliance. We may not be able to effectively pass on such costs to our tenants. Moreover, any such legislation and regulations could impose substantial costs on our tenants, thereby impacting the financial condition of our tenants and their ability to meet their lease obligations and to lease or re-lease our properties. 
 Possible acts of war, terrorist activity or other acts of violence could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Acts of war, terrorist attacks or other acts of violence may result in declining economic activity, which could harm the demand for goods and services offered by our tenants and the value of our properties and might adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. Such a resulting decrease in retail demand, could make it difficult for us to renew or re-lease our properties at lease rates equal to or above historical rates. War, terrorist activities or violence also could directly affect the value of our properties through damage, destruction or loss, and the availability of insurance for such acts, or of insurance generally, might be lower or cost more, which could increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that our tenants are affected by future attacks, their businesses similarly could be adversely affected, including their ability to continue to meet obligations under their existing leases. These acts might erode business and consumer confidence and spending and might result in increased volatility in national and international financial markets and economies. Any one of these events might decrease demand for real estate, decrease or delay the occupancy of our redeveloped properties, and limit our access to capital or increase our cost of raising capital. 
 Cybersecurity incidents could cause a disruption to our operations, a compromise of confidential information and damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We are susceptible to cybersecurity risks that include, among other things, theft, unauthorized monitoring, release, misuse, loss, destruction or corruption of confidential and highly restricted data; denial of service attacks; unauthorized access to relevant systems, compromises to networks or devices; or operational disruption or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems of our information systems. Our information systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations, including for the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and personal information. We must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation, corruption and disruption. Cybersecurity risks may also impact properties in which we invest on behalf of clients and tenants of those properties, which could result in a loss of value in our clients investment. In addition, due to our interconnectivity with third-party service providers and other entities with which we conduct business, we could be adversely impacted if any of them is subject to a successful cyber incident. Although we and our service providers have implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate these risks, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective or that security breaches or disruptions will not occur. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, liability for loss or misappropriation of data, stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, increased compliance costs, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions and damage to our reputation or business relationships. 
 
 - 16 - 

We may incur mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks. 
 We may incur mortgage debt and pledge all or some of our real properties as security for that debt to finance newly acquired properties or capital contributions to joint ventures, or to fund retenanting and redevelopment projects. Since December 31, 2019, we were required to provide mortgages to the lender under our term loan facility on a majority of our portfolio. The mortgages, together with the other provisions of the Term Loan Facility, limits our ability to obtain additional secured financing using such properties as collateral. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we made a 230.0 million voluntary prepayment on the Term Loan Facility, reducing our outstanding balance to 800 million. Pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Facility, by reducing our outstanding principal balance to 800 million, the maturity date for the Term Loan Facility was extended for two years to July 31, 2025. In addition, incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss since defaults on indebtedness secured by a property may result in lenders initiating foreclosure actions. In that case, we could lose the property securing the loan that is in default. If any mortgages contain cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, a default on a single property could affect multiple properties. If any properties are foreclosed upon due to a default, our ability to pay cash distributions to our shareholders may be adversely affected. 
 Covenants in our Term Loan Facility may limit our operational flexibility and a covenant breach or default could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our Term Loan Facility includes certain financial metrics to govern certain collateral and covenant exceptions set forth in the agreement, including: (i) a total fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.00 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2018 through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, and not less than 1.20 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter; (ii) an unencumbered fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.05 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2018 through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, and not less than 1.30 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter; (iii) a total leverage ratio of not more than 65 ; (iv) an unencumbered ratio of not more than 60 ; and (v) a minimum net worth of at least 1.2 billion. Any failure to satisfy any of these financial metrics will limit our ability to dispose of assets via sale or joint venture and trigger a requirement for us to provide mortgage collateral to our lender, but will not result in an event of default, mandatory amortization, cash flow sweep or similar provision. Since the year ended December 31, 2019, we have been in breach of one or more of the financial metrics described above, as a result of which we were required to provide mortgages to the lender under the Term Loan Facility with respect to a majority of our portfolio. Additionally, the lender under our Term Loan Facility has the right to consent to dispositions of properties via asset sales and formation of new joint ventures. This consent right may have the effect of limiting our ability to dispose of properties, whether for strategic reasons or to raise liquidity to fund our operations. The Term Loan Facility also includes certain limitations relating to, among other activities, our ability to: sell assets or merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; incur additional debt; incur certain liens; enter into, terminate or modify certain material leases and/or the material agreements for our properties; make certain investments (including limitations on joint ventures) and other restricted payments; pay distributions on or repurchase our capital stock; and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. 
 The Term Loan Facility also provides for the Incremental Funding Facility. Our ability to access the incremental facility is subject to (i) our achieving rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants, on an annualized basis (after giving effect to SNO Leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months) for the fiscal quarter ending prior to the date of incurrence of the Incremental Funding Facility, of not less than 200 million, (ii) our good faith projection that rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants (after giving effect to SNO Leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months) for the succeeding four consecutive fiscal quarters (beginning with the fiscal quarter during which the incremental facility is accessed) will be not less than 200 million, and (iii) the repayment by the Operating Partnership of any deferred interest permitted under the amendment to the Term Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we have not achieved this level of rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants. 
 Our rights and the rights of our shareholders to take action against our trustees and officers are limited. 
 As permitted by the Maryland s Law, the Company s Declaration of Trust limits the liability of its trustees and officers to Seritage and its shareholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 

a final judgment based upon a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the trustee or officer that was material to the cause of action adjudicated. 

In addition, our Declaration of Trust authorizes us and our bylaws obligate us to indemnify our present and former trustees and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, and we have entered into indemnification agreements with our trustees and executive officers. As a result, the Company and our shareholders may have more limited rights against our trustees and officers than might otherwise exist absent the provisions in our Declaration of Trust and bylaws or that might exist with other companies. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken by any of our trustees or officers are immune or exculpated from, or indemnified against, liability but which impede our performance, the Company and our shareholders ability to recover damages from that trustee or officer will be limited. 
 
 - 17 - 

Our Declaration of Trust and bylaws and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent an acquisition of Class A common shares or a change in control. 
 The Company s Declaration of Trust and bylaws and Maryland law contain a number of provisions, the exercise or existence of which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our shareholders or otherwise be in their best interests, including the following: 
 The Company s Board of Trustees Has the Power to Cause Us to Issue Additional Shares of Beneficial Interest and Classify and Reclassify Any Unissued Class A Common Shares without Shareholder Approval . Our Declaration of Trust authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued common shares or preferred shares of beneficial interest. We have also issued 2,800,000 shares of Series A Preferred Shares that are senior to our common shares with respect to priority of dividend payments and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In addition, the Board of Trustees may, without shareholder approval, (i) amend the Declaration of Trust to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of beneficial interest or the number of shares of beneficial interest of any class or series that we have authority to issue and (ii) classify or reclassify any unissued common shares or preferred shares of beneficial interest and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, the Board of Trustees may establish a class or series of common shares or preferred shares of beneficial interest that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for Class A common shares or otherwise be in the best interests of our shareholders. 

Trustee Elections Require a Vote of Two-Thirds of the Class A Common Shares and Class B Non-Economic Common Shares Votes Cast . As a result of an amendment to the Company s Declaration of Trust, approved by shareholders at the Company s 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, all trustees of the Company will stand for election at each Annual Meeting beginning with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. In accordance with the Company s By-laws, in both contested and uncontested elections at any Annual Meeting of Shareholders, trustees are elected by the vote of two-thirds of the votes cast of the Class A common shares and Class B non-economic common shares (voting together as a single class) entitled to be cast in the election of trustees. In the event that an incumbent trustee does not receive a sufficient percentage of votes cast for election, he or she will continue to serve on the Board of Trustees until a successor is duly elected and qualifies. The requirement that trustee nominees receive a vote of two-thirds of the votes cast of the Class A common shares and Class B non-economic shares (voting together as a single class) entitled to be cast in the election of trustees may have the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of the Board of Trustees. This requirement that trustee nominees receive a vote of two-thirds of the votes cast of the common shares entitled to be cast in the election of trustees may also have the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to elect trustee nominees that do not receive the votes of shares of our largest shareholder, Mr. Lampert, who owns approximately 27.6 of the Company s outstanding Class A common shares as of January 4, 2023. 

The Board of Trustees has, by resolution, been exempted from the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act all business combinations (a) between us and (i) Sears Holdings or its affiliates or (ii) ESL or Fairholme Capital Management L.L.C. FCM and/or certain clients of FCM or their respective affiliates and (b) between us and any other person, provided that in the latter case the business combination is first approved by the Board of Trustees (including a majority of our trustees who are not affiliates or associates of such person). In addition, our bylaws contain a provision opting out of the Maryland control share acquisition act. 
 Certain Provisions of Maryland Law May Limit the Ability of a Third Party to Acquire Control of Us . Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL applicable to Maryland REITs may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from acquiring us or of impeding a change of control of the Company under circumstances that otherwise could provide Class A common shareholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares or otherwise be in the best interest of shareholders, including: 

o business combination provisions that, subject to certain exceptions and limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between a Maryland REIT and an interested shareholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the Company s outstanding voting shares or an affiliate or associate of the Maryland REIT who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of the Company) or an affiliate of any interested shareholder and the Maryland REIT for five years after the most recent date on which the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, and thereafter imposes two supermajority shareholder voting requirements on these combinations; 

- 18 - 

o control share provisions that provide that, subject to certain exceptions, holders of control shares of our company (defined as voting shares that, if aggregated with all other shares owned or controlled by the acquirer, would entitle the acquirer to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing trustees) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights with respect to the control shares except to the extent approved by our shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares; and 

o Additionally, Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits the Board of Trustees, without shareholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our Declaration of Trust or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses. 

The Board of Trustees has, by resolution, exempted from the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act all business combinations (a) between us and (i) Sears Holdings or its affiliates or (ii) ESL or Fairholme Capital Management L.L.C. FCM and/or certain clients of FCM or their respective affiliates and (b) between us and any other person, provided that in the latter case the business combination is first approved by the Board of Trustees (including a majority of our trustees who are not affiliates or associates of such person). In addition, our bylaws contain a provision opting out of the Maryland control share acquisition act. 
 We may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, or insurance proceeds may not otherwise be available to us which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expense. 
 While many of our existing leases require, and new lease agreements are expected to require, that comprehensive general insurance and hazard insurance be maintained by the tenants with respect to their premises, and we have obtained casualty insurance with respect to our properties, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, that may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Insurance coverage (net of deductibles) may not be effective or be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement cost of a loss. Inflation, changes in building and zoning codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors also might make it infeasible to use insurance proceeds to restore or replace the property after such property has been damaged or destroyed. Under such circumstances, the insurance proceeds received might not be adequate to restore the economic position with respect to such property or to comply with the requirements of our mortgages and Property Restrictions. Moreover, the holders of any mortgage indebtedness may require some or all property insurance proceeds to be applied to reduce such indebtedness, rather than being made available for property restoration. 
 If we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds our policy coverage limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties were subject to recourse indebtedness, Property Restrictions or ground leases, we could continue to be liable for the indebtedness or subject to claims for damages even if these properties were irreparably damaged. 
 In addition, even if damage to our properties is covered by insurance, a disruption of our business or that of our tenants caused by a casualty event may result in the loss of business and/or tenants. The business interruption insurance we or our tenants carry may not fully compensate us for the loss of business or tenants due to an interruption caused by a casualty event. Further, if one of our tenants has insurance but is underinsured, that tenant may be unable to satisfy its payment obligations under its lease with us or its other payment or other obligations. 
 A disruption in the financial markets may make it more difficult to evaluate the stability, net assets and capitalization of insurance companies and any insurer s ability to meet its claim payment obligations. A failure of an insurance company to make payments to us upon an event of loss covered by an insurance policy, losses in excess of our policy coverage limits or disruptions to our business or the business of our tenants caused by a casualty event could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Each unconsolidated entity may also experience uninsured or underinsured losses, and also faces other risks related to insurance that are similar to those we face, which could reduce the value of our investment in, or distributions to us by, one or more unconsolidated entities, or require that we make additional capital contributions to one or more unconsolidated entities. 
 Mr. Lampert may exert substantial influence over us, and his interests may differ from or conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. 
 Mr. Lampert owns approximately 27.6 of our outstanding Class A common shares. Mr. Lampert previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Sears Holdings, and was previously the Chairman of the Seritage Board of Trustees. In any matter affecting us, the interests of Mr. Lampert may differ or conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. 
 
 - 19 - 

On March 1, 2022, Mr. Lampert filed a Schedule 13D/A with the SEC disclosing his support for our Board of Trustees efforts to explore and pursue strategic alternatives and his intention to explore alternatives for his investment in the Company, which may include, among other things, participating with third parties that may be interested in acquiring some or all of our assets and buying or selling shares in open market transactions. In the event of any such transaction, the interests of Mr. Lampert and his affiliates, may differ from or conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. 
 Our investments in or redevelopment of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. 
 We have historically grown our business through investments in, and acquisitions or development of, properties, including through the recapture and redevelopment of space at many of our properties. However, our industry is highly competitive, and we face competition from REITs, investment companies, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds, lenders, and other investors, some of whom are significantly larger and have greater resources and lower costs of capital. This competition makes it more challenging to successfully capitalize on redevelopment opportunities that meet our investment objectives. If we are unable to finance redevelopment opportunities on commercially favorable terms, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our business entails risks associated with real estate investments generally, including (but not limited to) the following risks and as noted elsewhere in this section: 
 we may incur significant costs and divert management attention in connection with redevelopments, including ones that we are subsequently unable to complete; 

we may not successfully manage and lease redeveloped properties to meet our expectations; 

we may spend more than budgeted to make necessary improvements or renovations to our properties; 

market conditions may result in higher than expected vacancy rates and lower than expected rental rates; and 

our properties may be subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities. 

The redevelopment of properties involves the risks associated with real estate development activities generally. If we are unable to successfully redevelop properties or to lease the redeveloped properties to third parties on acceptable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Current and future redevelopment may not yield expected returns. 
 We are currently undertaking redevelopment and reinvestment projects involving our properties. These projects are subject to a number of risks including (but not limited to): 
 abandonment of redevelopment activities after expending resources to determine feasibility; 

loss of rental income, as well as payments of maintenance, repair, real estate taxes and other charges; 

restrictions or obligations imposed pursuant to other agreements; 

construction and/or lease-up costs (including tenant improvements or allowances) and delays and cost overruns, including construction costs that exceed original estimates; 

failure to achieve expected occupancy and/or rent levels within the projected time frame or at all; 

failure to successfully manage, or find suitable third-party development partners for, the development of residential, office or other mixed-use properties; 

inability to successfully integrate re-developed properties into existing operations; 

difficulty obtaining financing on acceptable terms or paying operating expenses and debt service costs associated with redevelopment properties prior to sufficient occupancy and commencement of rental obligations under new leases; 

changes in zoning, building and land-use laws, and conditions, restrictions or limitations of, and delays or failures to obtain, necessary zoning, building, occupancy, land-use and other governmental permits; 

changes in local real-estate market conditions, including an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, retail space or retail goods, and the availability of current and prospective tenants; 

negative perceptions by retailers or shoppers of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of the property; 

exposure to fluctuations in the general economy due to the significant time lag between commencement and completion of redevelopment projects; and 

vacancies or ability to rent space on favorable terms, including possible market pressures to offer tenants rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options. 

- 20 - 

If any of these events occur at any time during the process with respect to any project, overall project costs may significantly exceed initial cost estimates, which could result in reduced returns or losses from such investments. In addition, we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund such projects, and delays in the completion of a development project may provide various tenants the rights to withdraw from a property. 
 If members of our management team terminate their employment with us or we are unable to retain talented employees our financial results and/or the Plan of Sale may be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends, to a meaningful extent, upon the continued services of our management team and, more broadly, our employees generally. Our executives have substantial experience in our industry. During 2022, in an effort to incentivize and retain our personnel, we entered into retention agreements with Mr. Matthew Fernand and Mr. Eric Dinenberg that are co-terminus with Ms. Andrea Olshan s employment agreement. The retention agreements are structured to incentivize the executives and employees to remain employed until the end of the retention period, but each of these executives could elect to terminate their respective agreements at any time. Notwithstanding, the loss of services of one or more members of our management team, or our failure to retain talented employees generally could harm our business and our prospects and could adversely affect the Plan of Sale 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to, and the future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases may, materially and adversely impact the business of our tenants and materially or adversely impact and disrupt our business, income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects and ability to service our debt obligations. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and other pandemics in the future could have, repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including the United States, has significantly adversely impacted global economic activity, the U.S. economy and the local economies in which our properties are located and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets. 
 A sustained downturn in the U.S. economy and reduced consumer spending as well as consumer activity at brick-and-mortar commercial establishments due to the prolonged existence and threat of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a future pandemic, could impose an economic slowdown or recession in the United States which could impact our tenants ability to meet their lease obligations due to poor operating results, lack of liquidity or other reasons and therefore decrease the revenue generated by our properties or the value of our properties. Our ability to lease space and negotiate and maintain favorable rents could also be negatively impacted by a prolonged recession in the U.S. economy. Moreover, the demand for leasing space in our properties could substantially decline during a significant downturn in the U.S. economy which could make it difficult for us to renew or re-lease our properties at lease rates equal to or above historical rates and lead us to incur significant re-leasing costs. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has also led to complete or partial shutdowns of manufacturing facilities and distribution centers in many countries and disruptions in our tenants supply chains, and may otherwise delay the delivery of inventory or other goods necessary for our tenants operations. Our tenants may also be negatively impacted if the outbreak of COVID-19 occurs within their workforce or otherwise disrupts their management. 
 
 - 21 - 

The COVID-19 pandemic, or a future pandemic, could also have material and adverse effects on our ability to successfully operate and on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows due to, among other factors: 
 Difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, impacts to our credit ratings, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis and our tenants' ability to fund their business operations and meet their obligations to us; 

The financial impact could negatively impact our ability to pay dividends on our preferred shares, including the Series A Preferred Shares; 

The financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could negatively impact our future compliance with financial covenants of our term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility with Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska Berkshire Hathaway or result in a default and potentially an acceleration of indebtedness, which non-compliance could negatively impact our ability to make additional borrowings under our Incremental Funding Facility (as defined below), conduct asset sales, fund development activity or pay dividends on our preferred shares, including the Series A Preferred Shares; 

The worsening of estimated future cash flows due to a change in our plans, policies, or views of market and economic conditions as it relates to one or more of our adversely impacted properties could result in the recognition of substantial impairment charges imposed on our assets; 

The credit quality of our tenants could be negatively impacted and we may significantly increase our allowance for doubtful accounts; 

Difficulties completing our redevelopment projects on a timely basis, on budget or at all; 

A general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions could adversely affect our ability or desire to reinvest in or redevelop our properties; and 

The potential negative impact on the health of our personnel, particularly if a significant number of them are impacted, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

Risks Related to Our Tax Status 
 If we experience an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 of the Code, our ability to utilize our net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards and certain built-in losses to reduce our future taxable income could be limited, potentially increasing the net taxable income on which we must pay corporate-level taxes, and potentially adversely affecting our liquidity, and our desire to preserve our net operating losses and net capital loss carryforwards may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 If we experience an ownership change, our future ability to utilize our net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards to reduce our taxable income may be limited by certain provisions of the Code. Specifically, the Code limits the ability of a company that undergoes an ownership change to utilize its net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards and certain built-in losses to offset taxable income earned in years after the ownership change. An ownership change occurs if, during a three-year testing period, more than 50 of the stock of a company is acquired by one or more persons (or certain groups of persons) who own, directly or constructively, 5 or more of the stock of such company. An ownership change can occur as a result of a public offering of stock, as well as through secondary market purchases of our stock and certain types of reorganization transactions. Generally, when an ownership change occurs, the annual limitation on the use of net operating loss and net capital loss carryforwards and certain built-in losses is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax exempt rate and the value of the company s stock immediately before the ownership change. We have substantial net operating and net capital loss carry forwards which we have used, and will continue to use, to offset our taxable income. 
 
 - 22 - 

If we experience an ownership change, our income tax liability could materially increase. In addition, if we were to undergo an ownership change, our net operating losses and net capital loss carryforwards could become subject to additional limitations, which could result in us incurring materially greater tax liability than if we had not undergone such an ownership change. The determination of whether an ownership change has occurred or will occur is complicated and depends on changes in percentage stock ownership among stockholders. In addition, we may decide in the future that it is necessary or in our interest to take certain actions that could result in an ownership change. Therefore, no assurance can be provided as to whether an ownership change will occur in the future. Moreover, the potential negative consequences of the limitations that would result from an ownership change may discourage us from, among other things, redeeming our stock or issuing additional common stock to raise capital or to acquire businesses or assets. Accordingly, our desire to preserve our net operating losses and net capital loss carryforwards may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 If we do not qualify to be taxed as a REIT for any taxable year through 2021, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular corporation and could face a substantial tax liability, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 We elected for U.S. federal income tax purposes to be treated as a REIT for the 2021 taxable year and in prior taxable years and we operated in a manner intended to qualify us as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for such years. However, qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code, for which only a limited number of judicial and administrative interpretations exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification through 2021. Our qualification as a REIT through 2021 depends on the satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge our qualification as a REIT for years in which we intended to qualify as a REIT. Although we believe we did qualify as a REIT in each such year, if the IRS were to successfully challenge our previous REIT status, we would suffer adverse tax consequences, such as those described below. 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year through 2021, and no available relief provision applied, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates (which is 21 for periods ending after December 31, 2017 through 2021), as well as U.S. state and local income tax, and dividends paid to our shareholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any resulting corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our shareholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of our common shares. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility and reduce the price of our common stock. 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws or interpretations thereof, with or without retroactive application, could materially and adversely affect our investors or us. We cannot predict how changes in the tax laws might affect our investors or us. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. You are urged to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. 
 
 - 23 - 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Securities 
 The market price and trading volume of our securities may be volatile. 
 The market price of our securities may be volatile, and the trading volume in our securities may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price of our securities or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our securities include: 
 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations; 

changes in our funds from operations or earnings estimates; 

publication of research reports about us or the real estate or retail industries; 

increases in market interest rates that may cause purchasers of our securities to demand a higher yield; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

adverse market reaction to any additional debt we may incur in the future; 

actions by ESL, or by institutional shareholders; 

speculation in the press or investment community about our company or industry or the economy in general; 

adverse performance or potential financial distress or bankruptcy of our major tenants; 

the occurrence of any of the other risk factors presented in this filing; 

complications, or any public perception of complications, regarding the Plan of Sale; 

specific real estate market and real estate economic conditions; and 

general market and economic conditions, including a possible recession. 

We have issued Series A Preferred Shares, which, along with future offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, rank senior to our common shares for purposes of distributions or upon liquidation, may adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 
 We have issued 2,800,000 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, which are senior to our common shares for purposes of distributions or upon liquidation. The Series A Preferred Shares may limit our ability to make distributions to holders of our common shares. 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, including medium-term notes, trust preferred securities, senior or subordinated notes and preferred shares. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities, Series A Preferred Shares and any additional preferred shares and lenders with respect to other borrowings may receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common shares. Any additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing shareholders or reduce the market price of our common shares, or both. Holders of our common shares are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution, and will have no voting rights in connection with the issuance of these securities. Our Series A Preferred Shares have, and any additional preferred shares of beneficial interest issued could have, a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on distribution payments that could limit our ability to make a distribution to the holders of our common shares. Since our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend in part on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our shareholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common shares and diluting their holdings in us. 
 The number of shares available for future sale could adversely affect the market price of Class A common shares. 
 We cannot predict whether future issuances of Class A common shares or the availability of Class A common shares for resale in the open market will decrease the market price per share of Class A common shares. Sales of a substantial number of Class A common shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely affect the market price of the Class A common shares. 
 
 - 24 - 

The Series A Preferred Shares have not been rated. 
 The Series A Preferred Shares have not been rated, and may never be rated, by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, which may negatively affect their market value and your ability to sell such shares. It is possible, however, that one or more rating agencies might independently determine to assign a rating to the Series A Preferred Shares or that we may elect to obtain a rating of the Series A Preferred Shares in the future. Furthermore, we may elect to issue other securities for which we may seek to obtain a rating. If any ratings are assigned to the Series A Preferred Shares in the future or if we issue other securities with a rating, such ratings, if they are lower than market expectations or are subsequently lowered or withdrawn, could adversely affect the market for or the market value of the Series A Preferred Shares. Ratings only reflect the views of the issuing rating agency or agencies, and such ratings could at any time be revised downward or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of the issuing rating agency. Any such downward revision or withdrawal of a rating could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Series A Preferred Shares. Further, a rating is not a recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any particular security, including the Series A Preferred Shares. In addition, ratings do not reflect market prices or suitability of a security for a particular investor and any future rating of the Series A Preferred Shares may not reflect all risks related to us and our business, or the structure or market value of the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 An active trading market may not develop for the Series A Preferred Shares or, even if it does develop, may not continue, which may negatively affect the market value of, and the ability of holders of our Series A Preferred Shares to transfer or sell, their shares. 
 Since the Series A Preferred Shares have no stated maturity date, investors seeking liquidity will be limited to selling their shares in the secondary market. The Series A Preferred Shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol SRG PRA, but there can be no assurance that an active trading market on the NYSE for the Series A Preferred Shares will develop or continue, in which case the market price of the Series A Preferred Shares could be materially and adversely affected and the ability to transfer or sell Series A Preferred Shares would be limited. The market price of the shares will depend on many factors, including: 
 prevailing interest rates; 

the market for similar securities; 

investors perceptions of us; 

our issuance of additional preferred equity or indebtedness; 

complications, or any public perception of complications, regarding the Plan of Sale; 

general economic and market conditions, including a possible recession; and 

our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects. 

The Series A Preferred Shares are subordinate in right of payment to our existing and future debt, and the interests of the holders of Series A Preferred Shares could be diluted by the issuance of additional preferred shares, including additional Series A Preferred Shares, and by other transactions. 
 The Series A Preferred Shares rank junior to all of our existing and future debt and to other non-equity claims on us and our assets available to satisfy claims against us, including claims in bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceedings. Our future debt may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends to preferred shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was 1.03 billion. In addition, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our Declaration of Trust currently authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred shares in one or more classes or series. Our board of trustees has the power to reclassify unissued common shares and preferred shares and to amend our Declaration of Trust, without any action by our shareholders, to increase the aggregate number of shares of beneficial interest of any class or series, including preferred shares, that we are authorized to issue. The issuance of additional preferred shares on parity with or senior to the Series A Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up would dilute the interests of the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares, and any issuance of preferred shares senior to the Series A Preferred Shares or of additional indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends on, redeem or pay the liquidation preference on the Series A Preferred Shares. Other than the limited conversion right afforded to holders of Series A Preferred Shares that may occur in connection with a Change of Control, none of the provisions relating to the Series A Preferred Shares contain any provisions relating to or limiting our indebtedness or affording the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares protection in the event of a highly leveraged or other transaction, including a merger or the sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially all our assets or business, that might adversely affect the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares, so long as the rights of holders of the Series A Preferred Shares are not materially and adversely affected. 
 
 - 25 - 

Dividends on our preferred shares, including the Series A Preferred Shares, are discretionary. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to pay dividends in the future or what the actual dividends will be for any future period. 
 Future dividends on our preferred shares, including the Series A Preferred Shares, will be authorized by our Board of Trustees and declared by us at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash flow from operations, financial condition and capital requirements, any debt service requirements and any other factors our Board of Trustees deems relevant. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to make cash dividends on our preferred shares or what the actual dividends will be for any future period. However, until we declare payment and pay or set apart the accrued dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares, our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions on our common shares and non-voting shares (including redemptions) will be limited by the terms of the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Shares will have limited voting rights. 
 Holders of the Series A Preferred Shares have limited voting rights. Our Class A common shares and our non-economic shares are currently the only shares of beneficial interest of our company with full voting rights. Voting rights for holders of Series A Preferred Shares exist primarily with respect to the right to elect two additional trustees to our Board of Trustees in the event that six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series A Preferred Shares are in arrears, and with respect to voting on amendments to our Declaration of Trust or articles supplementary relating to the Series A Preferred Shares that would materially and adversely affect the rights of holders of the Series A Preferred Shares or create additional classes or series of our shares that are senior to the Series A Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs. Other than in limited circumstances, holders of Series A Preferred Shares will not have any voting rights. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 There are no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC as of the date of this Annual Report. 
 - 26 - 

ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s portfolio consisted of interests in 97 properties comprised of approximately 13.5 million square feet of GLA or build-to-suit leased area, approximately 2.6 million square feet of which consists of Unconsolidated Properties, approximately 157 acres held for or under development and approximately 6.1 million square feet or approximately 498 acres to be disposed of. The following tables set forth certain information regarding our Consolidated Properties and Unconsolidated Properties based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including signed but not yet open leases SNO or SNO Leases ): 

GLA (1) 

City 
 
 State 
 
 Planned Usage (3) 
 
 Total 

Leased 

Not Leased 

Land Acres 

Significant Tenants (1) 
 
 Leased (1) 

1 

Phoenix(4) 
 
 AZ 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

151,200 

151,200 

11 

At Home 

100.0 

2 

El Cajon 
 
 CA 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

227,300 

184,400 

43,000 

20 

Ashley Furniture, Bob's Discount Furniture, Burlington Stores, Extra Space Storage 

81.1 

3 

Temecula 
 
 CA 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

126,500 

120,700 

5,800 

10 

Round One Entertainment, Dick's Sporting Goods 

95.4 

4 

Thousand Oaks 
 
 CA 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

172,000 

113,700 

58,300 

11 

Dave Busters, DSW, Nordstrom Rack 

66.1 

5 

Clearwater 
 
 FL 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

212,900 

75,500 

137,300 

14 

Whole Foods, Nordstrom Rack 

35.5 

6 

Orlando 
 
 FL 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

107,600 

96,600 

11,000 

13 

Floor D cor, Aspen Dental 

89.8 

7 

St. Petersburg 
 
 FL 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

125,700 

125,700 

13 

Dick's Sporting Goods, Five Below, PetSmart, Verizon 

100.0 

8 

Lombard(4) 
 
 IL 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

139,300 

139,300 

8 

The Dump 

100.0 

9 

North Riverside(4) 
 
 IL 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

214,700 

183,600 

31,100 

13 

Round One Entertainment, Aldi, Blink Fitness, Amita Health 

85.5 

10 

Springfield(4) 
 
 IL 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

119,400 

119,400 

5 

Binny's Beverage Depot, Burlington Stores, Marshalls 

100.0 

11 

Ft. Wayne(4) 
 
 IN 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

84,100 

82,900 

1,200 

19 

Five Below, HomeGoods, Bob's Discount Furniture 

98.5 

12 

Merrillville(4) 
 
 IN 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

171,300 

164,600 

6,800 

9 

At Home, Dollar Tree 

96.1 

13 

Braintree 
 
 MA 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

85,100 

85,100 

34 

Nordstrom Rack, Ulta Beauty 

100.0 

14 

Kearney(4) 
 
 NE 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

64,900 

64,900 

8 

Ross Dress for Less, Five Below, Marshall's 

100.0 

15 

Manchester 
 
 NH 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

105,700 

80,400 

25,300 

11 

Dick's Sporting Goods, Dave Buster's 

76.1 

16 

Watchung 
 
 NJ 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

124,900 

124,900 

12 

Cinemark, HomeGoods, Sierra Trading Post, Ulta Beauty, Chick-fil-A , City MD 

100.0 

17 

Albany 
 
 NY 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

232,500 

59,600 

172,900 

21 

Whole Foods, Ethan Allen 

25.6 

18 

East Northport(4) 
 
 NY 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

179,800 

167,600 

12,100 

18 

24 Hour Fitness, AMC, At Home 

93.2 

19 

Canton(4) 
 
 OH 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

192,300 

138,300 

54,000 

19 

Dick's Sporting Goods, Dave Busters 

71.9 

20 

King of Prussia(2)(5) 
 
 PA 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

208,700 

174,500 

34,200 

14 

Dick's Sporting Goods, Primark, Outback Steakhouse, Yardhouse 

83.6 

21 

Charleston 
 
 SC 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

106,200 

52,900 

53,400 

15 

Burlington Stores 

49.8 

22 

Memphis(4) 
 
 TN 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

116,000 

110,000 

6,000 

11 

LA Fitness, Hopdoddy, Nordstrom Rack, Ulta Beauty 

94.8 

23 

Austin(4) 
 
 TX 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

52,700 

45,000 

7,700 

13 

AMC 

85.4 

24 

El Paso(4) 
 
 TX 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

107,800 

99,100 

8,700 

11 

dd's Discount, Ross Dress for Less, Five Below, Burlington Stores 

91.9 

25 

Houston(4) 
 
 TX 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

134,000 

134,000 

11 

At Home 

100.0 

26 

San Antonio(4) 
 
 TX 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

164,600 

158,200 

6,400 

17 

Tru Fit, Bed Bath Beyond, Buy Buy Baby 

96.1 

27 

Layton 
 
 UT 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

82,700 

67,500 

15,200 

7 

Vasa Fitness 

81.6 

28 

Fairfax 
 
 VA 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

212,700 

154,400 

58,300 

15 

Dave Busters, Dick's Sporting Goods 

72.6 

29 

Warrenton 
 
 VA 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

71,500 

62,400 

9,100 

9 

HomeGoods, Ulta, Five Below 

87.3 

30 

Greendale(4) 
 
 WI 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

217,600 

133,700 

83,900 

19 

Dick's Sporting Goods, Round One Entertainment, TJ Maxx 

61.4 

31 

Madison(4) 
 
 WI 
 
 Multi-Tenant Retail 

110,600 

110,600 

17 

Dave Busters, Total Wine More, Hobby Lobby 

100.0 

32 

Aventura 
 
 FL 
 
 Premier 

216,100 

136,200 

79,900 

13 

Pinstripes, Industrious 

63.0 

33 

Boca Raton 
 
 FL 
 
 Premier 

4,200 

4,200 

19 

Chase 

100.0 

34 

Hicksville 
 
 NY 
 
 Premier 

7,600 

7,600 

30 

Chipotle 

100.0 

35 

Dallas 
 
 TX 
 
 Premier 

23 

n/a 

0.0 

36 

Redmond 
 
 WA 
 
 Premier 

7,500 

7,500 

15 

n/a 

100.0 

37 

Riverside - Retail 
 
 CA 
 
 Residential 

33,200 

33,200 

5 

Bank of America, Aldi 

100.0 

38 

West Covina - Retail 
 
 CA 
 
 Residential 

11,000 

11,000 

7 

VinFast 

100.0 

39 

Riverside - Resi 
 
 CA 
 
 Residential 

14 

n/a 

0.0 

40 

West Covina - Resi 
 
 CA 
 
 Residential 

8 

n/a 

0.0 

- 27 - 

City 
 
 State 
 
 Planned Usage (3) 
 
 Total 

Leased 

Not Leased 

Land Acres 

Significant Tenants (1) 
 
 Leased (1) 

41 

North Little Rock 
 
 AR 
 
 Non-Core 

177,300 

13,000 

164,200 

15 

Aspen Dental, Longhorn Steakhouse 

7.4 

42 

Glendale 
 
 AZ 
 
 Non-Core 

125,000 

125,000 

9 

n/a 

0.0 

43 

Mesa 
 
 AZ 
 
 Non-Core 

136,000 

136,000 

5 

n/a 

0.0 

44 

Phoenix 
 
 AZ 
 
 Non-Core 

144,500 

144,500 

5 

n/a 

0.0 

45 

Yuma 
 
 AZ 
 
 Non-Core 

90,100 

90,100 

15 

n/a 

0.0 

46 

El Centro 
 
 CA 
 
 Non-Core 

9,700 

9,700 

1 

n/a 

100.0 

47 

Fresno 
 
 CA 
 
 Non-Core 

201,800 

43,400 

158,400 

13 

Ross Dress for Less, dd's Discounts 

21.5 

48 

Merced 
 
 CA 
 
 Non-Core 

92,700 

5,600 

87,100 

9 

Chilis 

6.1 

49 

San Bernardino 
 
 CA 
 
 Non-Core 

264,700 

264,700 

20 

n/a 

0.0 

50 

Thornton 
 
 CO 
 
 Non-Core 

193,700 

61,700 

132,000 

23 

Vasa Fitness 

31.9 

51 

Waterford 
 
 CT 
 
 Non-Core 

149,200 

149,200 

11 

n/a 

0.0 

52 

Doral 
 
 FL 
 
 Non-Core 

195,600 

195,600 

13 

n/a 

0.0 

53 

Ft. Myers 
 
 FL 
 
 Non-Core 

146,800 

146,800 

12 

n/a 

0.0 

54 

Hialeah 
 
 FL 
 
 Non-Core 

153,200 

153,200 

15 

n/a 

0.0 

55 

Lakeland 
 
 FL 
 
 Non-Core 

156,200 

156,200 

12 

n/a 

0.0 

56 

Panama City 
 
 FL 
 
 Non-Core 

134,300 

134,300 

15 

n/a 

0.0 

57 

Pensacola 
 
 FL 
 
 Non-Core 

7,900 

7,900 

14 

Bubba's 33 

100.0 

58 

Plantation 
 
 FL 
 
 Non-Core 

204,100 

49,800 

154,300 

18 

n/a 

24.4 

59 

Cedar Rapids 
 
 IA 
 
 Non-Core 

146,300 

146,300 

12 

n/a 

0.0 

60 

Chicago 
 
 IL 
 
 Non-Core 

175,900 

17,200 

158,800 

9 

Chuck E Cheese 

9.8 

61 

Orland Park(4) 
 
 IL 
 
 Non-Core 

202,800 

202,800 

16 

n/a 

0.0 

62 

Steger 
 
 IL 
 
 Non-Core 

101,700 

101,700 

3 

n/a 

0.0 

63 

Bowie 
 
 MD 
 
 Non-Core 

126,400 

126,400 

11 

n/a 

0.0 

64 

Edgewater 
 
 MD 
 
 Non-Core 

122,000 

122,000 

14 

n/a 

0.0 

65 

Burnsville 
 
 MN 
 
 Non-Core 

167,300 

167,300 

15 

n/a 

0.0 

66 

Maplewood 
 
 MN 
 
 Non-Core 

175,000 

175,000 

14 

n/a 

0.0 

67 

St. Paul 
 
 MN 
 
 Non-Core 

201,900 

100 

201,800 

17 

n/a 

0.1 

68 

Las Vegas 
 
 NV 
 
 Non-Core 

132,600 

42,500 

90,100 

11 

Round One Entertainment 

32.0 

69 

Reno 
 
 NV 
 
 Non-Core 

174,900 

59,300 

115,600 

3 

Round One Entertainment 

33.9 

70 

Rochester 
 
 NY 
 
 Non-Core 

139,600 

139,600 

14 

n/a 

0.0 

71 

Yorktown Heights 
 
 NY 
 
 Non-Core 

153,200 

38,500 

114,600 

12 

24 Hour Fitness 

25.2 

72 

Dayton 
 
 OH 
 
 Non-Core 

13,400 

13,400 

5 

Outback Steakhouse 

100.0 

73 

Mentor 
 
 OH 
 
 Non-Core 

215,300 

215,300 

20 

n/a 

0.0 

74 

Middleburg Heights 
 
 OH 
 
 Non-Core 

369,500 

369,500 

19 

n/a 

0.0 

75 

Oklahoma City 
 
 OK 
 
 Non-Core 

147,500 

147,500 

14 

n/a 

0.0 

76 

Happy Valley 
 
 OR 
 
 Non-Core 

139,800 

45,000 

94,800 

12 

Dick's Sporting Goods 

32.2 

77 

Cordova 
 
 TN 
 
 Non-Core 

160,600 

160,600 

12 

n/a 

0.0 

78 

Houston 
 
 TX 
 
 Non-Core 

201,600 

201,600 

12 

n/a 

0.0 

79 

Ingram 
 
 TX 
 
 Non-Core 

169,900 

169,900 

12 

n/a 

0.0 

80 

Irving(5) 
 
 TX 
 
 Non-Core 

107,400 

12,500 

94,900 

18 

CareNow, Chick-fil-A 

11.6 

Total - Consolidated Properties 

10,829,300 

4,200,000 

6,629,300 

1,060 

38.8 

Average - Consolidated Properties 

135,400 

52,500 

82,900 

13 

38.8 

- 28 - 

Unconsolidated Properties 

GLA (1) 

City 
 
 State 
 
 Planned Usage (3) 
 
 Total 

Leased 

Not Leased 

Joint Venture 
 
 Land Acres 

Significant Tenants (1) 
 
 Leased (1) 

1 

Santa Monica 
 
 CA 
 
 Premier 

51,500 

51,500 

Mark 302 JV 

3 

n/a 

0.0 

2 

San Diego 
 
 CA 
 
 Premier 

106,200 

106,200 

UTC JV 

13 

CB2 

100.0 

3 

Alexandria 
 
 VA 
 
 Premier 

Foulger Pratt / Howard Hughes 

41 

n/a 

0.0 

4 

Altamonte Springs 
 
 FL 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

93,500 

4,700 

88,800 

GGP II JV 

17 

n/a 

5.0 

5 

Naples 
 
 FL 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

36,300 

36,300 

GGP II JV 

12 

CMX Cinebistro, Uncle Julio s 

100.0 

6 

Wayne 
 
 NJ 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

132,700 

105,200 

27,500 

GGP II JV 

41 

Cinemark, Dave Busters, Yardhouse, BJ's Wholesale 

79.3 

7 

Frisco 
 
 TX 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

87,500 

6,000 

81,500 

GGP I JV 

11 

n/a 

6.9 

8 

Santa Rosa 
 
 CA 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

82,700 

82,700 

Simon JV 

7 

n/a 

0.0 

9 

Nanuet 
 
 NY 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

110,700 

110,700 

Simon JV 

14 

n/a 

0.0 

10 

Austin 
 
 TX 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

82,300 

82,300 

Simon JV 

16 

n/a 

0.0 

11 

Chandler 
 
 AZ 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

70,300 

37,500 

32,800 

Macerich JV 

10 

Firestone 

53.3 

12 

Cerritos 
 
 CA 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

138,800 

138,800 

Macerich JV 

20 

n/a 

0.0 

13 

Danbury 
 
 CT 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

88,000 

88,000 

Macerich JV 

12 

Primark, Target 

100.0 

14 

Freehold 
 
 NJ 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

68,800 

32,700 

36,100 

Macerich JV 

10 

Primark, Bob's Discount Furniture 

47.5 

15 

Portland 
 
 OR 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

114,300 

114,300 

Macerich JV 

4 

n/a 

0.0 

16 

Austin 
 
 TX 
 
 Other Unconsolidated Properties 

RD Development JV 

11 

n/a 

0.0 

17 

Lynnwood 
 
 WA 
 
 Residential 

48,600 

30,400 

18,200 

GGP I JV 

12 

Dave Busters, Cheesecake Factory 

62.6 

Total - Unconsolidated Properties 
 
 1,312,200 

447,000 

865,200 

254 

34.1 

Average - Unconsolidated Properties 
 
 77,200 

26,300 

50,900 

15 

34.1 

(1) Based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including SNO Leases. 

(2) Property subject to a lease or ground lease. 

(3) Planned usage may be subject to entitlements. 

(4) Asset sold subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

(5) Asset with a partial sale subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

Grand Total - All Properties 

12,141,500 

4,647,000 

7,494,500 

38.3 

Grand Total - All Properties (at share) 

11,485,400 

4,423,500 

7,061,900 

38.5 

- 29 - 

Planned Usage 
 
 Total 
 
 Built SF / Acreage (1) 
 
 Leased SF (1)(2) 

Avg. Acreage / Site 

Consolidated Properties 

Multi-tenant Retail 
 
 31 
 
 4,422 sf / 429 acres 

3,581 

13.8 

Residential (3) 
 
 4 
 
 44 sf / 35 acres 

44 

8.6 

Premier Mixed Use 
 
 5 
 
 235 sf / 99 acres 

156 

19.7 

Non-core (4) 
 
 40 
 
 6,127 sf / 498 acres 

420 

12.5 

Unconsolidated Properties 

Other Entities 
 
 13 
 
 1,106 sf / 185 acres 

311 

14.2 

Residential (3) 
 
 1 
 
 49 sf / 12 acres 

30 

11.7 

Premier Mixed Use 
 
 3 
 
 158 sf / 57 acres 

106 

19.0 

(1) Square footage is presented at the Company s proportional share. 
 (2) Based on signed leases at December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Square footage represents built ancillary retail space whereas acreage represents both retail and residential acreage. 
 (4) Represents assets the Company previously designated for sale. 
 Multi-Tenant Retail Portfolio 
 Geographic Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the geographic diversification of the multi-tenant retail portfolio based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including Unconsolidated Properties presented at the Company s proportional share and after giving effect to the pending termination: 

State 
 
 Number of Properties 

Annual Rent 

of Total Annual Rent 

Rent PSF 

California 

3 

7,474 

12.3 

17.85 

Florida 

3 

6,389 

10.5 

21.45 

Illinois 

3 

5,252 

8.6 

11.88 

Texas 

4 

4,974 

8.2 

11.40 

Pennsylvania 

1 

4,890 

8.0 

28.02 

New York 

2 

4,679 

7.7 

20.59 

Virginia 

2 

4,614 

7.6 

21.28 

Wisconsin 

2 

3,882 

6.4 

15.89 

New Jersey 

1 

3,846 

6.3 

30.78 

Tennessee 

1 

3,187 

5.2 

28.98 

Total Top 10 

22 

49,187 

80.8 

18.27 

Other (1) 

9 

11,678 

19.2 

13.15 

Total 

31 

60,865 

100.0 

17.00 

(1) Includes 8 states. 

- 30 - 

Tenant Overview 
 The following table provides a summary of annual base rent for the multi-tenant retail portfolio based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including Unconsolidated Properties presented at the Company s proportional share and after giving effect to the pending termination: 

(in thousands except number of leases and PSF data) 

Number of 

Leased 

of 

Gross Annual 

of Total 

Gross Annual 

Tenant 
 
 Leases 

GLA 

Total GLA 

Base Rent 

Annual Rent 

Rent PSF 

In-place leases 

137 

3,439 

77.8 

57,510 

94.5 

16.72 

SNO leases (1) 

15 

141 

3.2 

3,355 

5.5 

23.79 

Total 
 
 152 

3,580 

81.0 

60,865 

100.0 

17.00 

(1) SNO = signed not yet opened leases. 
 Top Tenants 
 The following table lists the top tenants in our multi-tenant retail portfolio based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including Unconsolidated Properties presented at the Company s proportional share and giving effect to the pending termination: 

(dollars in thousands) 

Tenant 
 
 Number of Leases 

Annual Rent 

of Total Annual Rent 

Concepts/Brands 

Dick's Sporting Goods 

7 

8,335 

13.7 

Dave Buster's 

5 

5,017 

8.2 

Nordstrom Rack 

4 

3,280 

5.4 

Round One Entertainment 

3 

2,889 

4.7 

AMC 

2 

2,803 

4.6 

At Home 

4 

2,692 

4.4 

Burlington Stores 

4 

2,138 

3.5 

TJX 

7 

1,981 

3.3 

TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, HomeSense, Sierra Trading Post 

Primark 

1 

1,837 

3.0 

Floor D cor 

1 

1,520 

2.5 

Whole Foods 

2 

1,258 

2.1 

Amazon 

1 

1,215 

2.0 

Cinemark 

1 

1,204 

2.0 

Ulta Salon 

4 

1,200 

2.0 

Bob's Discount Furniture 

2 

1,115 

1.8 

The Dump 

1 

1,114 

1.8 

Bed Bath Beyond 

2 

852 

1.4 

Bed Bath Beyond, BuyBuyBaby, Cost Plus World Market, andThat! 

Five Below 

5 

838 

1.4 

LA Fitness 

1 

816 

1.3 

PetSmart 

2 

789 

1.3 

- 31 - 

Lease Expirations 
 The following table sets forth a summary schedule of lease expirations for signed leases, including SNO leases, of our multi-tenant portfolio as of December 31, 2022, including Unconsolidated Properties presented at the Company s proportional share and giving effect to the pending termination. The information set forth in the table assumes that no other tenants exercise renewal options or early termination rights: 

(in thousands except number of leases) 

Year 
 
 Number of Leases 

Leased GLA 

of Total Leased GLA 

Annual Rent 

of Total Annual Rent 

Month-to-Month 

3 

16 

0.5 

201 

0.3 

2023 

6 

173 

4.8 

2,135 

3.5 

2024 

6 

179 

5.0 

770 

1.3 

2025 

4 

84 

2.3 

1,754 

2.9 

2026 

8 

211 

5.9 

2,676 

4.4 

2027 

5 

157 

4.4 

1,652 

2.7 

2028 

16 

328 

9.2 

7,951 

13.1 

2029 

25 

556 

15.5 

10,438 

17.1 

2030 

9 

167 

4.7 

2,113 

3.5 

2031 

15 

534 

14.9 

8,299 

13.6 

2032 

19 

430 

12.0 

5,740 

9.4 

Thereafter 

21 

604 

16.9 

13,781 

22.7 

SNO Leases 

15 

141 

3.9 

3,355 

5.5 

Total 

152 

3,580 

100.0 

60,865 

100.0 

Premier Portfolio 
 Geographic Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the geographic diversification of the premier portfolio based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including Unconsolidated Properties presented at the Company s proportional share and after giving effect to the pending termination: 

(in thousands except property count and PSF data) 

State 
 
 Number of Properties 

Annual Rent 

of Total Annual Rent 

Rent PSF 

Florida 

2 

9,380 

53.6 

66.78 

California 

2 

7,404 

42.3 

69.69 

New York 

1 

527 

3.0 

69.27 

Washington 

1 

190 

1.1 

25.33 

Virginia 

1 

0.0 

Texas 

1 

0.0 

Total 

8 

17,501 

100.0 

66.80 

- 32 - 

Tenant Overview 
 The following table provides a summary of annual base rent for the premier portfolio based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including Unconsolidated Properties presented at the Company s proportional share and after giving effect to the pending termination: 

(in thousands except number of leases and PSF data) 

Number of 

Leased 

of 

Gross Annual 

of Total 

Gross Annual 

Tenant 
 
 Leases 

GLA 

Total GLA 

Rent 

Annual Rent 

Rent PSF 

In-place leases 

16 

43 

10.9 

2,561 

14.6 

59.56 

SNO retail leases (1) 

27 

111 

28.2 

8,612 

49.2 

77.59 

SNO office leases (1) 

4 

108 

27.4 

6,328 

36.2 

58.59 

Total 
 
 47 

262 

66.5 

17,501 

100.0 

66.80 

(1) SNO = signed not yet opened leases. 
 Residential Portfolio 
 Geographic Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the geographic diversification of the residential portfolio based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including Unconsolidated Properties presented at the Company s proportional share and after giving effect to the pending termination: 

State 
 
 Number of Properties 

Annual Rent 

of Total Annual Rent 

Total Acreage 

Washington 

1 

1,193 

72.1 

12 

California 

4 

461 

27.9 

35 

Total 

5 

1,654 

100.0 

47 

- 33 - 

Non-Core Portfolio 
 Geographic Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the geographic diversification of the non-core portfolio based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, including Unconsolidated Properties presented at the Company s proportional share and after giving effect to the pending termination: 

State 
 
 Number of Properties 

Annual Rent 

of Total Annual Rent 

Rent PSF 

Nevada 

2 

1,926 

26.2 

18.92 

Florida 

7 

1,146 

15.6 

19.87 

Oregon 

1 

765 

10.4 

17.00 

Colorado 

1 

699 

9.5 

11.31 

California 

4 

682 

9.3 

11.62 

New York 

2 

648 

8.8 

16.80 

Ohio 

3 

382 

5.2 

28.60 

Arkansas 

1 

346 

4.7 

26.56 

Texas 

3 

270 

3.7 

21.61 

Illinois 

3 

255 

3.5 

14.83 

Total Top 10 

27 

7,119 

96.9 

16.97 

Other (1) 

13 

229 

3.1 

N/A 

Total 

40 

7,348 

100.0 

17.51 

(1) Includes 7 states. 

Other Unconsolidated Properties 
 Geographic Diversification 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the geographic diversification of the other consolidated properties based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, presented at the Company s proportional share and after giving effect to the pending termination: 

State 
 
 Number of Properties 

Annual Rent 

of Total Annual Rent 

Rent PSF 

New Jersey 

2 

3,331 

54.6 

24.14 

Florida 

2 

1,156 

18.9 

28.15 

Connecticut 

1 

918 

15.0 

10.43 

Arizona 

1 

554 

9.1 

14.77 

Texas 

3 

120 

2.0 

20.00 

California 

2 

25 

0.4 

New York 

1 

0.0 

Oregon 

1 

0.0 

Total 

13 

6,104 

100.0 

19.63 

- 34 - 

Tenant Overview 
 The following table provides a summary of annual base rent for the other unconsolidated properties based on signed leases as of December 31, 2022, presented at the Company s proportional share and after giving effect to the pending termination: 

(in thousands except number of leases and PSF data) 

Number of 

Leased 

of Total 

Annual 

of Total 

Annual 

Tenant 
 
 Leases 

GLA 

Leased GLA 

Rent 

Annual Rent 

Rent PSF 

In-place leases 

16 

207 

18.7 

5,057 

82.8 

24.43 

SNO retail leases (1) 

4 

104 

9.4 

1,047 

17.2 

10.07 

Total 
 
 20 

311 

28.1 

6,104 

100.0 

19.63 

(1) SNO = signed not yet opened leases. 
 Lease Expirations 
 The following table sets forth a summary schedule of lease expirations for signed leases, including SNO leases, of our other unconsolidated properties as of December 31, 2022, presented at the Company s proportional share and giving effect to the pending termination. The information set forth in the table assumes that no other tenants exercise renewal options or early termination rights: 

(in thousands except number of leases) 

Year 
 
 Number of Leases 

Leased GLA 

of Total Leased GLA 

Annual Rent 

of Total Annual Rent 

Month-to-Month 

0.0 

0.0 

2023 

0.0 

0.0 

2024 

0.0 

0.0 

2025 

1 

5 

1.5 

93 

1.5 

2026 

2 

50 

16.1 

1,292 

21.2 

2027 

1 

8 

2.4 

43 

0.7 

2028 

0.0 

0.0 

2029 

1 

5 

1.6 

75 

1.2 

2030 

2 

2 

0.5 

113 

1.8 

2031 

3 

15 

4.9 

407 

6.7 

2032 

1 

2 

0.7 

70 

1.1 

Thereafter 

5 

120 

38.8 

2,964 

48.6 

SNO Leases 

4 

104 

33.4 

1,047 

17.2 

Total 

20 

311 

100.0 

6,104 

100.0 

- 35 - 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 On April 18, 2019, at the direction of the Restructuring Sub-Committee of the Restructuring Committee of the Board of Directors of Sears Holdings, Sears Holdings, Sears, Roebuck Co., Sears Development Co., Kmart Corporation, and Kmart of Washington, LLC filed a lawsuit (the Litigation in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the Bankruptcy Court against, among others, Edward S. Lampert, ESL Investments, Inc. and certain of its affiliates and investors, Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C., certain members of the Sears Holdings board of directors, and the Company, the Operating Partnership, and certain of our affiliates and subsidiaries (the Company, the Operating Partnership, and certain of our affiliates and subsidiaries collectively, the Seritage Defendants ). The Litigation is dual captioned as In re: Sears Holdings Corporation, et al., Case No. 18-23538 (RDD) and Sears Holdings Corporation et al., v. Lampert et al., Case No. 19-08250 (RDD). The Litigation alleged, among other things, that certain transactions undertaken by Sears Holdings since 2011 constituted actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and/or illegal dividends by Sears Holdings. The challenged transactions include the July 2015 transactions giving rise to Seritage, the execution of the Original Master Lease with Sears Holdings, and the acquisition of real estate from Sears Holdings. The Litigation alleged, among other things, that the real estate acquired by Seritage from Sears Holdings in July 2015 was worth at least 649 to 749 million more than the purchase price paid. The Litigation sought as relief, among other things, declaratory relief, avoidance of the allegedly actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and either (i) rescission of the transfers of real estate from Sears Holdings to Seritage in 2015 and return of the proceeds of the transactions between Sears Holdings and Seritage, or, in the alternative, (ii) payment by Seritage to Sears Holdings of damages at least equal to the value of the transferred property. 
 On October 15, 2019, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order (the Confirmation Order confirming the Modified Second Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Sears Holdings and its affiliated debtors (the Chapter 11 Plan ). Pursuant to the terms of the Confirmation Order, upon the effective date of the Chapter Plan, a liquidating trust would be formed, and the Litigation would vest in the liquidating trust. The Confirmation Order further provides that, prior to the effective date of the Chapter 11 Plan and the formation of the liquidating trust, the Litigation would be controlled by five litigation designees selected by Sears Holdings and the Unsecured Creditors Committee (the UCC ). For further information, refer to the Chapter 11 Plan, Confirmation Order and liquidating trust agreement, each of which has been publicly filed with the Bankruptcy Court. 
 On November 25, 2019, the Creditors Committee filed a first amended complaint (the Amended Complaint in the Bankruptcy Court naming us and certain of our affiliates, as well as affiliates of ESL and Sears Holdings, and certain other third parties, as defendants. The Amended Complaint alleged, among other things, that certain transactions undertaken by Sears Holdings since 2011 (including the July 2015 transactions giving rise to Seritage, the execution of the Master Lease with Sears Holdings (the Original Master Lease ), and the acquisition of real estate from Sears Holdings) constituted actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and/or illegal dividends by Sears Holdings and that the real estate acquired by Seritage from Sears Holdings in July 2015 was worth hundreds of millions of dollars more than the purchase price paid. The Amended Complaint further alleged that certain releases provided to Seritage and certain other defendants in connection with the Sears Holdings derivative litigation in the Delaware Court of Chancery in 2017 should be avoided and/or declared null and void as an actual and/or constructive fraudulent conveyance. The Amended Complaint sought as relief, among other things, declaratory relief, avoidance of the allegedly actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers, disgorgement, recovery of the property fraudulently transferred or, in the alternative, compensatory damages in an unspecified amount to be determined at trial, equitable subordination and disallowance of defendants claims as creditors, punitive and exemplary damages for any intentional wrongdoing, and reasonable attorneys fees, costs, and expenses. 
 On February 21, 2020, the Seritage defendants filed a partial motion to dismiss seeking dismissal of the claims in the operative complaint in the Litigation relating to the release received in the Sears Holdings derivative litigation, unjust enrichment, and equitable subordination. 
 On March 15, 2021, the Court consolidated the Litigation with a case captioned Sears Holding Corp. et al. v. Andrew H. Tisch, et al., Case No. 20-07007 (RDD) (the Shareholder Litigation, and, together with the Litigation, the Consolidated Litigation ). The Shareholder Litigation was brought by the UCC, Sears Holdings Corporation, and Sears, Roebuck and Co., against certain shareholders of Sears Holdings or its related companies. Seritage was not named as a defendant in the Shareholder Litigation, which alleges, among other things, that certain transactions undertaken by Sears Holdings since 2014 (including the July 2015 transactions giving rise to Seritage, the execution of the Original Master Lease with Sears Holdings, and the acquisition of real estate from Sears Holdings) constituted actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and/or illegal dividends. 
 On April 6, 2022, the Court entered an order in the Consolidated Litigation, upon the agreement of the parties thereto, providing for a mediation of the litigation. The parties and the Court extended the mediation several times, through August, and up until the settlement described below was reached. 
 
 - 36 - 

On August 9, 2022, following the mediation, all of the parties to the Litigation and certain of the parties to the Shareholder Litigation (to which Seritage is not a defendant) entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the defendants paid to the Sears estate 175 million (of which the Seritage Defendants contributed approximately 35.0 million) in exchange for dismissal of the Consolidated Litigation and for the full and final satisfaction and release of all claims in the Consolidated Litigation (including, in the case of the Seritage Defendants, any and all claims between the Seritage Defendants and the Sears estate in the Sears bankruptcy proceeding). 
 On September 2, 2022, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York entered an order approving the settlement and, on October 18, 2022, the Litigation was dismissed. While the Company believes that the claims against the Seritage Defendants in the Litigation were without merit, the Company entered into the settlement, without admitting any fault or wrongdoing, in order to avoid the continued imposition of legal defense costs, distraction, and the uncertainty and risk inherent in any litigation. 
 The Company made a settlement payment of 35.5 million based on the Company s contribution to the settlement of the Litigation. This payment is recorded as litigation settlement in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On March 2, 2021, the Company brought a lawsuit in Delaware state court against QBE Insurance Corporation, Endurance American Insurance Company, Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Company and Continental Casualty Company, each of which are D O insurance providers of the Company (the D O Insurers ). The Company s lawsuit is seeking, among other things, declaratory relief and money damages as a result of certain of the D O Insurers refusal to pay certain costs and expenses related to the defense of the Litigation discussed above. Any amounts received from the insurers will offset the Seritage Defendants contribution. The Company reached settlement agreements with two of the D O Insurers for gross proceeds of 12.7 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company reached a settlement agreement with the other two D O Insurers for gross proceeds of 11.6 million. 
 In addition to the litigation described above, the Company is subject, from time to time, to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business and due to the current environment. While the resolution of such matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes, based on currently available information, that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or liquidity of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company did not record any amounts for litigation or other matters aside from the settlement payment of 35.5 million noted above. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 - 37 - 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Company s Class A common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol SRG . 
 The following graph provides a comparison, from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, of the cumulative total shareholder return (assuming reinvestment of dividends) on 100 invested in each of Class A shares of the Company, the Standard Poor's S P 500 Index and the MSCI US REIT Index, an industry index of publicly-traded REITs. 

Index 

12/31/2017 
 
 12/31/2018 
 
 12/31/2019 
 
 12/31/2020 
 
 12/31/2021 
 
 12/31/2022 

Seritage Growth Properties 
 Cumulative 

100 

80 

99 

36 

33 

29 

Return 

(20) 
 
 (1) 
 
 (64) 
 
 (67) 
 
 (71) 

S P 500 
 Cumulative 

100 

94 

121 

140 

178 

144 

Return 

(6) 
 
 21 

40 

78 

44 

MSCI US REIT Index 
 Cumulative 

100 

91 

110 

98 

136 

99 

Return 

(9) 
 
 10 

(2) 
 
 36 

(1) 

- 38 - 

Common Shares and Operating Partnership Units 
 On March 6, 2023, the reported closing sale price per share of our Class A common stock on the NYSE was 10.78. 
 As of March 6, 2023, there were 56,059,530 Class A common shares issued and outstanding which were held by approximately 127 shareholders of record. The number of shareholders of record does not reflect persons or entities that held their shares in nominee or street name. 
 As of March 6, 2023, no outstanding Operating Partnership units OP Units were held by limited partners other than the Company. The OP Units were generally exchangeable into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Seritage, and its consolidating subsidiaries, is the sole owner of all outstanding Operating Partnership interests. 
 The Class B non-economic common shares have voting rights, but do not have economic rights and, as such, do not receive dividends and are not included in earnings per share computations. 
 Class C non-voting common shares have economic rights, but do not have voting rights. Upon any transfer of a Class C non-voting common share to any person other than an affiliate of the holder of such share, such share shall automatically convert into one Class A common share. As of March 6, 2023, there are no Class B non-economic common shares outstanding and there are no Class C non-voting common shares outstanding. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 The following table provides information with respect to the Company s equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

535,650 
 
 (1) 
 n/a 
 
 (2) 
 
 2,192,838 
 
 (3) 

Total 

535,650 

2,192,838 

(1) Represents restricted stock awards and units previously granted and that remain unvested as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) Weighted average exercise price does not apply to restricted stock units RSU ). 

(3) Shares remaining available for future issuance under the Seritage Growth Properties 2015 Share Plan, taking into account 84,216 shares of restricted stock previously granted and 972,946 shares subject to grants of RSUs previously granted (including those that remain unvested reported in column (a)). 

Dividends and Distributions 
 The timing, amount and composition of all distributions will be made by the Company at the discretion of its Board of Trustees. Such distributions will depend on the financial position, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, debt covenants, applicable law and other factors as the Board of Trustees of Seritage deems relevant. 
 The Company declared a dividend on the Company s Class A and Class C common shares for the first quarter of 2019 and has not declared dividends on the Company s Class A and Class C common shares since that time. 
 REIT Election 
 On March 31, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Trustees, with the recommendation of the Special Committee, approved a plan to terminate the Company's REIT status and become a taxable C Corporation effective January 1, 2022. As a result, the Company is no longer required to operate under REIT rules, including the requirement to distribute at least 90 of REIT taxable income to its stockholders, which provides the Company with greater flexibility to use its free cash flow. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company is subject to federal and state income taxes on its taxable income at applicable tax rates and is no longer entitled to a tax deduction for dividends paid. The Company operated as a REIT for the 2021 tax year and prior years, and existing REIT requirements and limitations, including those established by the Company s organizational documents, remained in place through December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 7 Income Taxes of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 - 39 - 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 - 40 - 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS O F FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This section contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may vary materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, those set forth in Risk Factors and the other matters set forth in this Annual Report. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 For discussion of 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report, refer to Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations found in our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022. 
 All references to numbered Notes are to specific footnotes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. You should read this discussion in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements, the notes thereto and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). Capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A have the same meanings as in such Notes. 
 Overview 
 Prior to our adoption of the Plan for Sale, we were principally engaged in the ownership, development, redevelopment, management, sale and leasing of diversified retail and mixed-use properties throughout the United States. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of interests in 97 properties comprised of approximately 13.5 million square feet of GLA or build-to-suit leased area, approximately 157 acres held for or under development and approximately 6.1 million square feet or approximately 498 acres to be disposed of. The portfolio consists of approximately 10.8 million square feet of GLA held by 80 Consolidated Properties and 2.6 million square feet of GLA held by 17 Unconsolidated Properties. 
 Review of Strategic Alternatives 
 On March 1, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Trustees has commenced a process to review a broad range of strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value. The Board of Trustees created a special committee of the Board of Trustees (the Special Committee to oversee the process. The Special Committee has retained Barclays as its financial advisor. The Company sought a shareholder vote to approve a proposed plan of sale of our assets and dissolution (the Plan of Sale that would allow our board to sell all of our assets, distribute the net proceeds to shareholders and dissolve the Company. 
 The 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders occurred on October 24, 2022, at which time the Plan of Sale was approved by the shareholders, following our filing of a final proxy statement with the SEC on September 14, 2022. See Note 1 Organization of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about the Plan of Sale. The strategic review process remains ongoing as the Company executes the Plan of Sale. There can be no assurance that the review process will result in any transaction or that the Company will be successful in fully executing on the Plan of Sale. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations There can be no assurance that our review of strategic alternatives will result in any transaction or any strategic change at this time. 
 Impairment of real estate assets and investments in unconsolidated entities 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we announced a review of strategic alternatives, following which it was determined that the best course to maximize shareholder value was to seek approval for a plan of sale. As a result of the foregoing, our intent, anticipated holding periods and/or projected cash flows with respect to certain assets evolved. This triggered a recoverability analysis of the carrying value of those assets over their respective holding periods. We have recognized 126.9 million of impairment losses in the year ended December 31, 2022, which are included in impairment on real estate assets within the consolidated statements of operations, in part as a result of this portfolio review. We continue to evaluate our portfolio, including our development plans and holding periods, which may result in additional impairments in future periods on our Consolidated Properties and investments in unconsolidated entities. 
 Board of Trustees Matters 
 On March 1, 2022, the Company announced that Mr. Lampert retired as its Chairman and resigned from the Board of Trustees effective March 1, 2022. On March 30, 2022, the Company elected Mr. Adam Metz to the Board of Trustees. On April 26, 2022, the Company elected Mr. Mitchell Sabshon, Ms. Talya Nevo-Hacohen and Mr. Mark Wilsmann to the Board of Trustees and announced the resignation of Mr. David Fawer and Mr. Thomas Steinberg from the Board of Trustees. 
 
 - 41 - 

Asset Sales and Unconsolidated Properties 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold 65 wholly owned assets, generating gross proceeds of 650.3 million and also monetized eight unconsolidated properties for an additional 69.3 million of gross proceeds. 
 As of March 6, 2023, we had 22 assets under contract to sell for total anticipated proceeds of 366.3 million, subject to buyer diligence and closing conditions. 
 Effects of Natural Disasters 
 The Company assessed the impact of the natural disasters that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 and determined that natural disasters did not have a material impact on our operating results or financial position. The Company did not experience interruptions in rental payments related to natural disasters nor has it incurred material capital expenditures to repair any property damage. As a result of changes to weather patterns caused by climate change, our properties could experience increased storm intensity and other natural disasters in future periods and, as such, we cannot provide assurance that natural disasters will not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows over the foreseeable future. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and continues to cause significant impacts on the real estate industry in the United States, including the Company s properties. 
 As a result of the development, fluidity and uncertainty surrounding this situation, the Company expects that these conditions may change, potentially significantly, in future periods and results for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be indicative of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business for future periods. As such, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact of COVID-19 on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows over the foreseeable future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had collected 99.6 of rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022. While the Company intends to enforce its contractual rights under its leases, there can be no assurance that tenants will meet their future obligations or that additional rental modification agreements will not be necessary. 
 - 42 - 

Results of Operations 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from rents received from tenants under existing leases at each of our properties. This revenue generally includes fixed base rents and recoveries of expenses that we have incurred and that we pass through to the individual tenants, in each case as provided in the respective leases. 
 Our primary cash expenses consist of our property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, interest expense, and construction and development related costs. Property operating expenses include: real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, management fees, insurance, ground lease costs and utilities; general and administrative expenses include payroll, office expenses, professional fees, and other administrative expenses; and interest expense is on our term loan facility. In addition, we incur substantial non-cash charges for depreciation of our properties and amortization of intangible assets and liabilities. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table presents selected data on comparative results from the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenue 

Rental income 

104,609 

115,651 

(11,042) 

-10 

Expenses 

Property operating 

41,770 

45,007 

(3,237) 

-7 

Real estate taxes 

23,950 

35,256 

(11,306) 

-32 

Depreciation and amortization 

41,114 

51,199 

(10,085) 

-20 

General and administrative 

47,634 

41,949 

5,685 

14 

Litigation settlement 

35,533 

35,533 

100 

Gain on sale of real estate 

211,936 

221,681 

(9,745) 

-4 

Loss on sale of interests in unconsolidated entities 

(677) 

(677) 

100 

Impairment on real estate assets 

(126,887) 

(95,826) 

(31,061) 

32 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

(72,080) 

(9,226) 

(62,854) 

681 

Interest and other income 

37,753 

9,285 

28,468 

307 

Interest expense 

(86,730) 

(107,975) 

21,245 

-20 

Rental Income 
 The following table presents the results for rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the corresponding period in 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Rental Income 

of Total Rental Income 

Rental Income 

of Total Rental Income 

Change 

Diversified tenants 

103,356 

99 

108,845 

94 

(5,489) 

Sears/Kmart 

0 

4,510 

4 

(4,510) 

Straight-line rent 

1,271 

1 

2,269 

2 

(998) 

Amortization of above/below market leases 

(18) 

0 

27 

0 

(45) 

Total rental income 

104,609 

100 

115,651 

100 

(11,042) 

The decrease of 4.5 million in Sears or Kmart rental income is due to a reduction in the number of properties leased to Sears or Kmart under the Holdco Master Lease, as a result of terminations. As of March 15, 2021, Sears no longer occupies space at any properties. 
 The decrease of 5.5 million in diversified tenants rental income during 2022 was primarily due to property sales. 
 The decrease of 1.0 million in straight-line rental income during 2022 was due primarily to property sales. 
 Property Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes 
 The decrease of 3.2 million in property operating expense and the decrease of 11.3 million in real estate taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to asset sales and partially offset by a decrease in amounts capitalized. 
 
 - 43 - 

Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 The decrease of 10.1 million in depreciation and amortization expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to a decrease of 9.1 million net scheduled depreciation due to sales. 
 Litigation Settlement 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a 35.5 million litigation settlement related to the settlement of the Litigation, which the Court approved on September 2, 2022, and which Litigation was settled on October 18, 2022. We paid the settlement amount described above in October 2022. See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist of personnel costs, including share-based compensation, professional fees, office expenses and overhead expenses. 
 The increase of 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by an increase in third-party consultants utilized to execute the Plan of Sale and the implementation of retention bonuses in order to retain employees as a result of the Plan of Sale. This was partially offset by a decrease in other compensation expenses, resulting from a decrease in employee head count, and a decrease in restructuring costs which had been incurred in the second quarter of 2021. 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold 65 properties, for aggregate consideration of 650.3 million and recorded a gain totaling 211.9 million, which is included in gain on sale of real estate within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold 21 properties, including outparcels, for aggregate consideration of 395.4 million and recorded gains totaling 197.0 million, which are included in gain on sale of real estate within the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also contributed its property located in Alexandria, VA to an unconsolidated entity for a contribution value of 30.0 million and recorded a gain of 22.6 million which is included in gain on sale of real estate within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Loss on Sale of Interests in Unconsolidated Entities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold interests in three unconsolidated entities, and recorded a loss totaling 0.7 million, which is included in loss on sale of interests in unconsolidated entities, net within the consolidated statement of operations. There were no such transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Impairment of Real Estate Assets 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 126.9 million in impairment of 42 real estate assets, which is included within the consolidated statements of operations. These impairments arose from the Company s plan to sell these properties resulting in a reduction to the holding periods of all properties, which triggered the need for an impairment analysis pursuant to ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment. 
 During 2021, the Company recognized 95.8 million in impairment of 39 real estate assets, which is included within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Equity in Loss of Unconsolidated Entities 
 The increase of 62.9 million in equity in loss of unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by 65.7 million impairment charges recorded on three underlying properties, resulting in the Company picking up its share of impairment totaling 32.9 million plus other-than-temporary impairment recorded to our investments of 35.6 million. These impairments arose from the Company s plan to sell these properties resulting in a reduction to the holding periods of all its investments in unconsolidated entities, which triggered the need for an impairment analysis pursuant to ASC 323, Equity Method and Joint Ventures. This increase in equity in loss is partially offset by 2.6 million in gain on sale recorded at the unconsolidated entity level during the year for the sale of five properties during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no such impairments during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest and Other Income 
 The increase of 28.5 million in interest and other income is due to the extinguishments of 13.9 million of historical Sears liabilities and 9.5 million of environmental reserve plus 12.3 million of net insurance proceeds relating to our D O litigation during the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase is partially offset by 8.0 million of insurance proceeds received during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 - 44 - 

Interest Expense 
 The decrease of 21.2 million in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was a result of the partial Term Loan pay-downs totaling 160 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 410 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Interest was further decreased due to mortgage recording costs incurred in the prior year that did not recur in the current year. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary uses of cash include the payment of property operating and other expenses, including general and administrative expenses and debt service (collectively, Obligations ), and the reinvestment in and redevelopment of our properties development expenditures ). Property rental income, which is the Company s primary source of operating cash flow, did not fully fund Obligations incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the Company recorded net operating cash outflows of 117.9 million. Additionally, the Company generated net investing cash inflows of 586.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, which were driven by asset sales and partially offset by development expenditures and recorded financing cash outflows of 437.0 million, primarily due to repayment of the Term Loan Facility. 
 Obligations are projected to continue to exceed property rental income and we expect to fund such Obligations and any development expenditures with cash on hand and a combination of capital sources including, but not limited to the following, subject to any approvals that may be required under the Term Loan Agreement. 
 Sales of interests in Consolidated Properties. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold 148 Consolidated Properties, and additional outparcels at certain properties, and generated approximately 1.6 billion of gross proceeds since we began our capital recycling program in July 2017; 

Sales of interests in Unconsolidated Properties. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold our interests in 23 Unconsolidated Properties and generated approximately 362.9 million of gross proceeds since July 2017. Certain of our unconsolidated entity agreements also include rights that allow us to sell our interests in select Unconsolidated Properties to our partners at fair market value; 

New unconsolidated entities. As of December 31, 2022, we have contributed interests in 12 properties to unconsolidated entities, which generated approximately 242.4 million of gross proceeds since July 2017. In addition to generating liquidity upon closing, these entities also reduce our development expenditures in proportion to our partners interests in the unconsolidated entities; and 

Unconsolidated entities debt. We may incur property-level debt in new or existing unconsolidated entities, including construction financing for properties under development and longer-term mortgage debt for stabilized properties. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we sold 18 assets for gross proceeds of 238.6 million. As of March 6, 2023, we had 17 assets under contract for sale with no due diligence contingencies for total anticipated proceeds of 326.7 million and 5 assets under contract for sale subject to customary due diligence for total anticipated proceeds of 39.6 million. All asset sales are subject to closing conditions. Additionally, we are currently negotiating the pricing on three put options that we have exercised. We anticipate proceeds from the exercise of the put options will be at least 90.0 million. 
 As previously disclosed, on May 5, 2020, the Operating Partnership and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership and Berkshire Hathaway as initial lender and administrative agent that permits the deferral of payment of interest under the Term Loan Agreement if, as of the first day of each applicable month, (x) the amount of unrestricted and unencumbered (other than liens created under the Term Loan Agreement) cash on hand of the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, minus (y) the aggregate amount of anticipated necessary expenditures for such period (such sum, Available Cash is equal to or less than 30.0 million. In such instances, for each interest period, the Operating Partnership is obligated to make payments of interest in an amount equal to the difference between (i) Available Cash and (ii) 20.0 million (provided that such payment shall not exceed the amount of current interest otherwise due under the Term Loan Agreement). Any deferred interest shall accrue interest at 2.0 in excess of the then applicable interest rate and shall be due and payable on July 31, 2023; provided, that the Operating Partnership is required to pay any deferred interest from Available Cash in excess of 30.0 million (unless otherwise agreed to by the administrative agent under the Term Loan Agreement in its sole discretion). In addition, repayment of any outstanding deferred interest is a condition to any borrowings under the 400.0 million incremental funding facility under the Term Loan Agreement (the Incremental Funding Facility ). 
 Additionally, the Term Loan Amendment provides that the administrative agent and the lenders express their continued support for asset dispositions, subject to the administrative agent s right to approve the terms of individual transactions due to the occurrence of a Financial Metric Trigger Event, as such term is defined under the Term Loan Agreement. 
 Our Term Loan Facility includes a 400.0 million Incremental Funding Facility (as defined below), access to which is subject to rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants of at least 200.0 million, on an annualized basis and after giving effect to SNO leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months, which we have not yet achieved. There is no assurance of the Company s ability to access the Incremental Funding Facility. 
 
 - 45 - 

On November 24, 2021, the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Second Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway to which the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway mutually agreed that (i) the make whole provision in the Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement shall not be applicable to prepayments of principal; and (ii) the Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement, as amended for (i) above, may at the Operating Partnership s election be extended for two years from July 31, 2023 to July 31, 2025 (the Maturity Date if its principal has been reduced to 800 million by the Maturity Date. In all other respects, the Term Loan Agreement remains unchanged. 
 On June 16, 2022, the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Third Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway to which the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway mutually agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the asset sale covenant, the parent, borrower, and their respective subsidiaries will be permitted without the consent of the administrative agent to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of properties (including but not limited to properties or equity interests of any subsidiary) to unaffiliated third parties for no less than fair market value, provided that the borrower deposits all net proceeds received into a controlled account and the use of such net proceeds will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Term Loan Agreement, including but not limited to the restricted payments and investments/loans covenants. 
 Through December 31, 2022, we repaid 570.0 million against the principal of the Term Loan Facility. Our outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022, was 1.03 billion. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we made a 230.0 million prepayment on the Term Loan Facility, bringing our outstanding balance to 800 million as of March 6, 2023. Pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Facility, by reducing our outstanding principal balance to 800 million, the maturity date for the Term Loan Facility was extended for two years to July 31, 2025. 
 In addition to the anticipated proceeds totaling 366.3 million of assets under contract referenced above, we have accepted offers and are currently negotiating definitive purchase and sale agreements on 13 assets with offers of approximately 98.0 million, and expect minimum proceeds of 90.0 million from the exercise of three put options. 
 The availability of liquidity from the above sources or initiatives is subject to a range of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under Risk Factors We have ongoing capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing or other sources of funding on acceptable terms. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 On July 31, 2018, the Operating Partnership, as borrower, and the Company, as guarantor, entered into a Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement (as amended, the Term Loan Agreement providing for a 2.0 billion term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility with Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska Berkshire Hathaway as lender and Berkshire Hathaway as administrative agent. The Term Loan Facility provided for an initial funding of 1.6 billion at closing (the Initial Funding and includes a 400 million incremental funding facility (the Incremental Funding Facility ). The Term Loan Facility matures on July 31, 2023, with the ability to extend based on meeting certain criteria. 
 Funded amounts under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at an annual rate of 7.0 and unfunded amounts under the Incremental Funding Facility are subject to an annual fee of 1.0 until drawn. The Company prepays the annual fee and amortizes the expense to interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company s ability to access the Incremental Funding Facility is subject to (i) the Company achieving rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants, on an annualized basis (after giving effect to SNO Leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months) for the fiscal quarter ending prior to the date of incurrence of the Incremental Funding Facility, of not less than 200 million, (ii) the Company s good faith projection that rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants (after giving effect to SNO Leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months) for the succeeding four consecutive fiscal quarters (beginning with the fiscal quarter during which the incremental facility is accessed) will be not less than 200 million, and (iii) the repayment by the Operating Partnership of any deferred interest permitted under the Term Loan Amendment as further described below. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not yet achieved the requirements to access the Incremental Funding Facility. 
 The Term Loan Facility is guaranteed by the Company and, subject to certain exceptions, is required to be guaranteed by all existing and future subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The Term Loan Facility is secured on a first lien basis by a pledge of the capital stock of the direct subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership and the guarantors, including its joint venture interests, except as prohibited by the organizational documents of such entities or any joint venture agreements applicable to such entities. 
 
 - 46 - 

The Term Loan Facility includes certain financial metrics to govern springing collateral requirements and certain covenant exceptions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, including: (i) a total fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.20 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter; (ii) an unencumbered fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.30 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter; (iii) a total leverage ratio of not more than 65 ; (iv) an unencumbered ratio of not more than 60 ; and (v) a minimum net worth of at least 1.2 billion. Any failure to satisfy any of these financial metrics limits the Company s ability to dispose of assets via sale or joint venture and triggers the springing mortgage and collateral requirements but will not result in an event of default. The Term Loan Facility also includes certain limitations relating to, among other activities, the Company s ability to: sell assets or merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of its assets; incur additional debt; incur certain liens; enter into, terminate or modify certain material leases and/or the material agreements for the Company s properties; make certain investments (including limitations on joint ventures) and other restricted payments; pay distributions on or repurchase the Company s capital stock; and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. 
 The Term Loan Facility contains customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, material inaccuracy of representations or warranties, and bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. If there is an event of default, the lenders may declare all or any portion of the outstanding indebtedness to be immediately due and payable, exercise any rights they might have under any of the Term Loan Facility documents, and require the Company to pay a default interest rate on overdue amounts equal to 2.0 in excess of the then applicable interest rate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with certain of the financial metrics described above. As a result, the Company was previously required to receive the consent of Berkshire Hathaway to dispose of assets via sale or contribution to another entity and, as of June 16, 2022, Berkshire Hathaway had provided such consent for all such transactions submitted for approval. The Third Term Loan Amendment (defined below) executed on June 16, 2022 eliminates this requirement. The Company believes it is in compliance with all other terms and conditions of the Term Loan Agreement. 
 The Company incurred 2.1 million of debt issuance costs related to the Term Loan Facility which are recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the Term Loan Facility and amortized over the term of the Term Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized balance of the Company s debt issuance costs were 0.2 million and 0.7 million, respectively. 
 On May 5, 2020, the Operating Partnership and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership and Berkshire Hathaway as initial lender and administrative agent that permits the deferral of payment of interest under the Term Loan Agreement if, as of the first day of each applicable month, (x) the amount of unrestricted and unencumbered (other than liens created under the Term Loan Agreement) cash on hand of the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, minus (y) the aggregate amount of anticipated necessary expenditures for such period (such sum, Available Cash is equal to or less than 30.0 million. In such instances, for each interest period, the Operating Partnership is obligated to make payments of interest in an amount equal to the difference between (i) Available Cash and (ii) 20.0 million (provided that such payment shall not exceed the amount of current interest otherwise due under the Term Loan Agreement). Any deferred interest shall accrue interest at 2.0 in excess of the then applicable interest rate and shall be due and payable on July 31, 2023; provided, that the Operating Partnership is required to pay any deferred interest from Available Cash in excess of 30.0 million (unless otherwise agreed to by the administrative agent under the Term Loan Agreement in its sole discretion). In addition, repayment of any outstanding deferred interest is a condition to any borrowings under the 400 million incremental funding facility under the Term Loan Agreement. The Company has paid all interest due under the Term Loan Agreement and has not deferred any interest as permitted under the Term Loan Amendment. 
 Additionally, the Term Loan Amendment provides that the administrative agent and the lenders express their continued support for asset dispositions, subject to the administrative agent s right to approve the terms of individual transactions due to the occurrence of a Financial Metric Trigger Event, as such term is defined under the Term Loan Agreement. 
 On November 24, 2021, the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Second Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway to which the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway mutually agreed that (i) the make whole provision in the Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement shall not be applicable to prepayments of principal ; and (ii) the Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement, as amended for (i) above, may at the Operating Partnership's election be extended for two years from July 31, 2023 to July 31, 2025 (the Maturity Date if its principal has been reduced to 800 million by the Maturity Date. In all other respects, the Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement remains unchanged. 
 On June 16, 2022, the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Third Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway to which the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway mutually agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the asset sale covenant, the parent, borrower, and their respective subsidiaries will be permitted without the consent of the administrative agent to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of properties (including but not limited to properties or equity interests of any subsidiary) to unaffiliated third parties for no less than fair market value, provided that the borrower deposits all net proceeds received into a controlled account and the use of such net proceeds will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Term Loan Agreement, including but not limited to the restricted payments and investments/loans covenants. 
 
 - 47 - 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid down 570 million towards the Term Loan s unpaid principal balance. The aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2022 was 1.03 billion. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company paid down an additional 230.0 million on the Term Loan Facility, reducing the unpaid principal balance to 800 million. Pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Facility, by reducing our outstanding principal balance to 800 million, the maturity date for the Term Loan Facility was extended for two years to July 31, 2025. 
 The Company currently anticipates it will continue to use sales of Consolidated Properties as the primary source of capital to repay principal on the Term Loan and its obligations. 
 Preferred Shares 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,800,000 7.00 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (the Series A Preferred Shares outstanding. As of December 14, 2022, we may redeem any or all of the Series A Preferred Shares at 25.00 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 The Company s Board of Trustees did not declare dividends on the Company s Class A common shares during 2022. The last dividend on the Company s Class A and C common shares that the Board of Trustees declared was on February 25, 2019, which was paid on April 11, 2019 to shareholders of record on March 29, 2019. 
 The Company s Board of Trustees also declared the following dividends on Company s Series A Preferred Shares during 2023, 2022 and 2021: 

Declaration Date 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Preferred Share 

2023 

February 15 
 
 March 31 
 
 April 17 

0.43750 

2022 

November 1 
 
 December 30 
 
 January 16, 2023 

0.43750 

July 26 
 
 September 30 
 
 October 17 

0.43750 

April 26 
 
 June 30 
 
 July 15 

0.43750 

February 16 
 
 March 31 
 
 April 15 

0.43750 

2021 

October 26 
 
 December 31 
 
 January 14, 2022 

0.43750 

July 27 
 
 September 30 
 
 October 15 

0.43750 

April 27 
 
 June 30 
 
 July 15 

0.43750 

February 23 
 
 March 31 
 
 April 15 

0.43750 

Our Board of Trustees will continue to assess the Company s investment opportunities and its expectations of taxable income in its determination of future distributions, if any. 
 Minimum Cash Requirements 
 Our contractual obligations relate to our Term Loan Facility and non-cancelable operating leases in the form of a ground lease at one of our properties, as well as an operating lease for our corporate office. 
 Information concerning our obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts for these loan and lease agreements as of December 31, 2022 is aggregated in the following table (in thousands): 

Payments due by Period 

Within 

After 

Minimum Cash Requirements 
 
 Total 

1 year 

1 - 3 years 

3 -5 years 

5 years 

Long-term debt (1)(2) 

1,075,745 

1,075,745 

Operating leases 

8,687 

1,089 

3,518 

2,100 

1,980 

Total 

1,084,432 

1,076,834 

3,518 

2,100 

1,980 

(1) Includes expected interest payments. 

(1) Due to the reduction of the Term Loan Facility to 800 million as of February 2, 2023, the maturity date was extended to July 31, 2025. 

- 48 - 

Capital Expenditures 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company invested 99.3 million in our consolidated development and operating properties and an additional 25.5 million into our unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 The Company also continued to advance its previously underway premier projects in Aventura, FL, Santa Monica, CA, and La Jolla, CA, and its pipeline of such projects, including its two previously announced multifamily projects, in Redmond, WA, and Dallas, TX, each of which represents the first phase of larger, mixed-use developments. A premier mixed use project in San Diego, CA and a multifamily project in Lynwood, WA, both in unconsolidated entities, opened in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , we incurred no maintenance capital expenditures and approximately 2.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 that were not associated with retenanting and redevelopment projects. 
 Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to December 31, 2021 
 The following table summarizes the Company s cash flow activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(117,923) 

(135,996) 

18,073 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

586,079 

260,707 

325,372 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(436,970) 

(161,212) 

(275,758) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Significant components of net cash used in operating activities include: 
 In 2022, a decrease in rental income and a decrease in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities; and 

In 2021, a decrease in rental income and a decrease in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, partially offset by a decrease in tenant and other receivables. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Significant components of net cash provided by investing activities include: 
 In 2022, 643.3 million of net proceeds from the sale of real estate and 67.6 million of distributions and proceeds from the disposition of interests in unconsolidated entities offset by development of real estate of 99.3) million and investments in unconsolidated entities of 25.5) million; and 

In 2021, 381.4 million of net proceeds from the sale of real estate offset by development of real estate of 105.7) million and investments in unconsolidated entities of 38.6) million. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Significant components of net cash used in financing activities include: 
 In 2022, 410.0) million cash repayment of Term Loan Facility principal, 22.1) million cash repayment to terminate sale-leaseback financing obligation, and 4.9) million cash payment of preferred dividends; and 

In 2021, 160.0) million cash repayment of Term Loan Facility principal, and 4.9) million cash payment of preferred dividends, partially offset by 4.0 million contributions from noncontrolling interest in other partnerships. 

Litigation and Other Matters 
 In accordance with accounting standards regarding loss contingencies, the Company accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, and the Company discloses the amount accrued and the amount of a reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued or discloses the fact that such a range of loss cannot be estimated. The Company does not record liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. In such cases, we disclose the nature of the contingency, and an estimate of the possible loss, range of loss, or disclose the fact that an estimate cannot be made. 
 During the Sears Holdings bankruptcy proceedings, the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Sears Holdings (the UCC and others, including the Restructuring Subcommittee of the Board of Directors of Sears Holdings, alleged that the 2015 Transactions between us and Sears Holdings constituted a fraudulent conveyance, and indicated an intent to pursue litigation challenging the 2015 Transactions on that and other grounds. The approval of the Holdco Acquisition by the Bankruptcy Court expressly preserved claims relating to the 2015 Transactions between us and Sears Holdings. 
 - 49 - 

On April 18, 2019, at the direction of the Restructuring Sub-Committee of the Restructuring Committee of the Board of Directors of Sears Holdings, Sears Holdings, Sears, Roebuck Co., Sears Development Co., Kmart Corporation, and Kmart of Washington, LLC filed a lawsuit (the Litigation in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the Bankruptcy Court against, among others, Edward S. Lampert, ESL Investments, Inc. and certain of its affiliates and investors, Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C., certain members of the Sears Holdings board of directors, and the Company, the Operating Partnership, and certain of our affiliates and subsidiaries (the Company, the Operating Partnership, and certain of our affiliates and subsidiaries collectively, the Seritage Defendants ). The Litigation is dual captioned as In re: Sears Holdings Corporation, et al., Case No. 18-23538 (RDD) and Sears Holdings Corporation et al., v. Lampert et al., Case No. 19-08250 (RDD). 
 The Litigation alleged, among other things, that certain transactions undertaken by Sears Holdings since 2011 constituted actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and/or illegal dividends by Sears Holdings. The challenged transactions include the July 2015 transactions giving rise to Seritage, the execution of the Original Master Lease with Sears Holdings, and the acquisition of real estate from Sears Holdings. The Litigation alleged, among other things, that the real estate acquired by Seritage from Sears Holdings in July 2015 was worth at least 649 to 749 million more than the purchase price paid. The Litigation sought as relief, among other things, declaratory relief, avoidance of the allegedly actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and either (i) rescission of the transfers of real estate from Sears Holdings to Seritage in 2015 and return of the proceeds of the transactions between Sears Holdings and Seritage, or, in the alternative, (ii) payment by Seritage to Sears Holdings of damages at least equal to the value of the transferred property. 
 On October 15, 2019, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order (the Confirmation Order confirming the Modified Second Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Sears Holdings and its affiliated debtors (the Chapter 11 Plan ). Pursuant to the terms of the Confirmation Order, upon the effective date of the Chapter Plan, a liquidating trust would be formed, and the Litigation would vest in the liquidating trust. The Confirmation Order further provides that, prior to the effective date of the Chapter 11 Plan and the formation of the liquidating trust, the Litigation would be controlled by five litigation designees selected by Sears Holdings and the Unsecured Creditors Committee (the UCC ). For further information, refer to the Chapter 11 Plan, Confirmation Order and liquidating trust agreement, each of which has been publicly filed with the Bankruptcy Court. 
 On February 21, 2020, the Seritage defendants filed a partial motion to dismiss seeking dismissal of the claims in the operative complaint in the Litigation relating to the release received in the Sears Holdings derivative litigation, unjust enrichment, and equitable subordination. 
 On March 15, 2021, the Court consolidated the Litigation with a case captioned Sears Holding Corp. et al. v. Andrew H. Tisch, et al., Case No. 20-07007 (RDD) (the Shareholder Litigation, and, together with the Litigation, the Consolidated Litigation ). The Shareholder Litigation was brought by the UCC, Sears Holdings Corporation, and Sears, Roebuck and Co., against certain shareholders of Sears Holdings or its related companies. Seritage was not named as a defendant in the Shareholder Litigation, which alleges, among other things, that certain transactions undertaken by Sears Holdings since 2014 (including the July 2015 transactions giving rise to Seritage, the execution of the Original Master Lease with Sears Holdings, and the acquisition of real estate from Sears Holdings) constituted actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and/or illegal dividends. 
 On April 6, 2022, the Court entered an order in the Consolidated Litigation, upon the agreement of the parties thereto, providing for a mediation of the litigation. The parties and the Court extended the mediation several times, through August, and up until the settlement described below was reached. 
 On August 9, 2022, following the mediation, all of the parties to the Litigation and certain of the parties to the Shareholder Litigation (to which Seritage is not a defendant) entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the defendants paid to the Sears estate 175 million (of which the Seritage Defendants contributed approximately 35.0 million) in exchange for dismissal of the Consolidated Litigation and for the full and final satisfaction and release of all claims in the Consolidated Litigation (including, in the case of the Seritage Defendants, any and all claims between the Seritage Defendants and the Sears estate in the Sears bankruptcy proceeding). 
 On September 2, 2022, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York entered an order approving the settlement and, on October 18, 2022, the Litigation was dismissed. While the Company believes that the claims against the Seritage Defendants in the Litigation were without merit, the Company entered into the settlement, without admitting any fault or wrongdoing, in order to avoid the continued imposition of legal defense costs, distraction, and the uncertainty and risk inherent in any litigation. 
 The Company made a settlement payment of 35.5 million based on the Company s contributions to the settlement of the Litigation. This payment is recorded as litigation settlement in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 - 50 - 

On March 2, 2021, the Company brought a lawsuit in Delaware state court against the D O Insurers. The Company s lawsuit is seeking, among other things, declaratory relief and money damages as a result of certain of the D O Insurers refusal to pay certain costs and expenses related to the defense of the Litigation discussed above. Any amounts received from the insurers will offset the Seritage Defendants contribution. The Company reached settlement agreements with two of the D O Insurers for gross proceeds of 12.7 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company reached a settlement agreement with the other two D O Insurers for gross proceeds of 11.6 million. 
 The Company is subject, from time to time, to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. While the resolution of such matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes, based on currently available information, the final outcome of such ordinary course legal proceedings and claims will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity of the Company. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, we have made estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Refer to the discussion of our accounting policies included in Note 2 to the audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Real Estate Investments 
 The Company on a periodic basis, assesses whether there are indicators, including macroeconomic conditions, that the value of the real estate assets may be impaired. If an indicator is identified, management will estimate the real estate asset recoverability based on projected operating cash flows (undiscounted and unleveraged), taking into account the anticipated holding period and capitalization rates, to determine if the undiscounted cash flows are less than a real estate asset s carrying value. If the carrying value of an asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an analysis is performed to determine the estimated fair value of the real asset. In estimating the fair value of an asset, various factors are considered, including expected future operating income, trends and leasing prospects including the effects of demand, competition, and other economic factors such as discount rates and market comparables. Changes in any estimates and/or assumptions, including the anticipated holding period, could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows. If management determines that the carrying value of a real estate asset is impaired, a loss will be recorded for the excess of its carrying amount over its estimated fair value. The Company recognized 126.9 million and 95.8 million in impairment losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are indicators, including the operating performance of the underlying real estate and general market conditions which include macroeconomic conditions that the value of the Company s investments in unconsolidated entities may be impaired. An investment s value is impaired if management s estimate of the fair value of the Company s investment is less than its carrying value and such difference is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value. The Company recorded 35.6 million in other-than-temporary impairment losses in investments in unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2022. No such impairment losses were recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We evaluate on an individual lease basis whether it is probable that we will collect substantially all amounts due from our tenants and recognize changes in the collectability assessment of our operating leases as adjustments to rental revenue. Management exercises judgment in assessing collectability of tenant receivables and considers payment history, current credit status, publicly available information about the financial condition of the tenant, and other factors. Our assessment of the collectability of tenant receivables can have a significant impact on the rental revenue recognized in our consolidated statements of income. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 
 - 51 - 

Non-GAAP Supplemental Financial Measures and Definitions 
 The Company makes reference to NOI and Total NOI which are financial measures that include adjustments to GAAP. 
 Net Operating Income NOI and Total NOI 
 NOI is defined as income from property operations less property operating expenses. Other real estate companies may use different methodologies for calculating NOI, and accordingly, the Company's depiction of NOI may not be comparable to other real estate companies. The Company believes NOI provides useful information regarding Seritage, its financial condition, and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. 
 The Company also uses Total NOI, which includes its proportional share of Unconsolidated Properties. The Company believes this form of presentation offers insights into the financial performance and condition of the Company as a whole given our ownership of Unconsolidated Properties that are accounted for under GAAP using the equity method. 
 The Company also considers NOI and Total NOI to be a helpful supplemental measure of its operating performance because it excludes from NOI variable items such as termination fee income, as well as non-cash items such as straight-line rent and amortization of lease intangibles. 
 Due to the adjustments noted, NOI and Total NOI should only be used as an alternative measure of the Company's financial performance. 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures to GAAP Financial Measures 
 Neither NOI nor Total NOI are measures that (i) represent cash flow from operations as defined by GAAP; (ii) are indicative of cash available to fund all cash flow needs, including the ability to make distributions; (iii) are alternatives to cash flow as a measure of liquidity; or (iv) should be considered alternatives to net income (which is determined in accordance with GAAP) for purposes of evaluating the Company s operating performance. Reconciliations of these measures to the respective GAAP measures we deem most comparable are presented below on a comparative basis for all periods. 
 The following table reconciles NOI and Total NOI to GAAP net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

NOI and Total NOI 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net loss 

(120,097) 

(38,985) 

(152,964) 

Termination fee income 

(369) 

(3,378) 

(7,604) 

Management and other fee income 

(2,446) 

(1,032) 

(293) 

Depreciation and amortization 

41,114 

51,199 

95,997 

General and administrative expenses 

47,634 

41,949 

28,849 

Litigation settlement 

35,533 

- 

Equity in loss of Unconsolidated Properties 

72,080 

9,226 

4,712 

Loss (gain) on sale of interests in Unconsolidated Properties 

677 

(1,758) 

Gain on sale of real estate 

(211,936) 

(221,681) 

(88,555) 

Impairment of real estate assets 

126,887 

95,826 

64,108 

Interest and other income 

(37,753) 

(9,285) 

(3,394) 

Interest expense 

86,730 

107,975 

91,316 

Income taxes 

466 

196 

252 

Straight-line rent adjustment 

(1,271) 

(2,269) 

4,983 

Above/below market rental income/expense 

223 

176 

(1,793) 

NOI 

37,472 

29,917 

33,856 

Unconsolidated entities (1) 

NOI of Unconsolidated Properties (2) 

7,785 

6,942 

6,122 

Straight-line rent 

(1,017) 

(885) 

(681) 

Above/below market rental income/expense 

24 

131 

(713) 

Termination fee income 

(787) 

(588) 

(827) 

Total NOI 

43,477 

35,517 

37,757 

(1) Activity represents the Company's proportionate share of unconsolidated entity activity. 

(2) NOI of Unconsolidated Properties excludes depreciation and amortization, gains, losses and impairments and management and administrative costs. 

- 52 - 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.03 billion of consolidated debt, all of which is borrowed under our fixed-rate Term Loan Facility which is based on a fixed term and imputed interest rate and therefore, neither are subject to interest rate fluctuations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our consolidated debt was 1.0 billion. The estimated fair value of our consolidated debt is calculated based on current market prices and discounted cash flows at the current rate at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings for the remaining term of such debt. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Reference is made to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule beginning on page F-1 for the required information. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained effective internal controls over financial reporting. Deloitte Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who audited our consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-K, has issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 - 53 - 

ITEM 9B. OTHE R INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 - 54 - 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFF ICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 
 - 55 - 

PAR T IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 (a) Consolidated Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule. 

The consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule are filed as part of this Annual Report. 
 (b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 SEC Document Reference 

2.1 
 
 Subscription, Distribution and Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2015, by and between Seritage Growth Properties and Sears Holdings Corporation 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on June 9, 2015. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2015. 

3.2 
 
 Articles Supplementary Establishing and Fixing the Rights and Preferences of 7.00 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest, par value 0.01 per share 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on December 14, 2017. 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 3, 2019. 

4.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Seritage Growth Properties, ESL Investments, Inc., and Seritage Growth Properties, L.P., dated as of July 7, 2015 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2015. 

4.2 
 
 Form of specimen certificate evidencing the 7.00 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest, par value 0.01 per share 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed on December 14, 2017. 

4.3 
 
 Description of Capital Stock of Seritage Growth Properties Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 2, 2020. 

10.1 
 
 Transition Services Agreement by and between Sears Holdings Management Corporation and Seritage Growth Properties, L.P., dated as of July 7, 2015 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2015. 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Seritage Growth Properties, L.P., dated as of January 4, 2023 
 
 Filed herewith. 

10.3 
 
 Holdco Master Lease by and among Seritage SRC Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Finance LLC, Transform SR Operations LLC and Transform KM Operations LLC, dated as of February 28, 2019 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 15, 2019. 

10.4 
 
 Side Letter to Holdco Master Lease, by and among Seritage KMT Finance LLC, Seritage SRC Finance LLC, Transform SR Operations LLC and Transform KM Operations LLC, dated as of February 28, 2019 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 15, 2019. 

10.5 
 
 Mortgage Loan Agreement by and among Seritage SRC Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Finance LLC, certain other subsidiaries of Operating Partnership, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and H/2 SO III Funding LLC, dated as of July 7, 2015 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2015. 

- 56 - 

10.6 
 
 Omnibus Amendment to the Mortgage Loan Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2015, by and among Seritage SRC Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Finance LLC, certain other subsidiaries of Operating Partnership, Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties L.P., JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and H/2 SO III Funding LLC 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2017. 

10.7 
 
 Second Amendment to Mortgage Loan Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2016, by and among Seritage SRC Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Finance LLC, certain other subsidiaries of Operating Partnership, Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties L.P. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2017. 

10.8 
 
 Mezzanine Loan Agreement by and among Seritage SRC Mezzanine Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Mezzanine Finance LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and H/2 Special Opportunities III Corp., dated as of July 7, 2015 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2015. 

10.9 
 
 Omnibus Amendment to Mezzanine Loan Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2015, by and among Seritage SRC Mezzanine Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Mezzanine Finance LLC, Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties L.P., JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and H/2 Special Opportunities III Corp. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2017. 

10.10 
 
 Second Amendment to Mezzanine Loan Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2016, by and among Seritage SRC Mezzanine Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Mezzanine Finance LLC, Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2017. 

10.11 
 
 Third Amendment to Mezzanine Loan Agreement, entered into as of November 8, 2017 and effective as of June 30, 2017, by and among Seritage SRC Mezzanine Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Mezzanine Finance LLC, Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 28, 2018. 

10.12 
 
 Term Loan Facility by and among Seritage Growth Properties, L.P., Seritage Growth Properties, JPP, LLC and JPP II, LLC, dated as of February 23, 2017 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 24, 2017. 

10.13 
 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2017, among Seritage Growth Properties, L.P., Seritage Growth Properties, JPP, LLC, JPP II, LLC and Empyrean Investments, LLC, as lenders, and JPP, LLC, as administrative agent 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 28, 2017. 

10.14 
 
 Form of Seritage Growth Properties 2015 Share Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on May 11, 2015. 

10.15 
 
 Seritage Growth Properties Restricted Share Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2015. 

10.16 
 
 Form of Seritage Growth Properties Restricted Share Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 1, 2017. 

- 57 - 

10.17 
 
 Form of Seritage Growth Properties Time-Vesting Restricted Share Unit Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2015. 

10.18 
 
 Form of Seritage Growth Properties Annual P-RSU Restricted Share Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 10, 2015. 

10.19 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 15, 2015, between Matthew Fernand and Seritage Growth Properties 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11, filed on May 26, 2015. 

10.20 
 
 Exchange Agreement by and among Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties, L.P., ESL Partners, L.P., and Edward S. Lampert, dated as of June 26, 2015 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2015. 

10.21 
 
 Exchange Agreement by and among Seritage Growth Properties and Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C., dated as of June 30, 2015 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 2, 2015. 

10.22 
 
 Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement, dated July 31, 2018, among Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 31, 2018. 

10.23 
 
 Form of Seritage Growth Properties Time-Vesting Restricted Share Unit Agreement 2018 Incentive RSUs 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 3, 2018. 

10.24 
 
 Form of Seritage Growth Properties Performance-Vesting Restricted Share Unit Agreement 2018 Incentive P-RSUs 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 3, 2018. 

10.25 
 
 First Amendment to the Master Lease, effective as of October 29, 2019, by and among Seritage SRC Finance LLC and Seritage KMT Finance LLC 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 2, 2020. 

10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement, dated May 5, 2020, among Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 8, 2020. 

10.27 
 
 Master Lease Modification and Settlement Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2020, by and among Seritage SRC Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Finance LLC, Transform SR Operations LLC and Transform KM Operations LLC 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 4, 2020. 

10.28 
 
 Second Master Lease Modification and Settlement Agreement, dated December 02, 2020, by and among Seritage SRC Finance LLC, Seritage KMT Finance LLC, Transform SR Operations LLC and Transform KM Operations LLC 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 15, 2021. 

10.29 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 7, 2021, among Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Andrea Olshan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 9, 2021. 

10.30 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement, dated November 24, 2021, among Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 26, 2021. 

10.31 
 
 Employment Agreement Amendment, dated March 15, 2022, among Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Andrea Olshan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2022 

- 58 - 

10.32 
 
 Employment Offer Letter Addendum, dated March 15, 2022, among Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Matthew Fernand 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2022 

10.33 
 
 Employment Offer Letter Addendum, dated March 15, 2022, among Seritage Growth Properties, Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. and Eric Dinenberg 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2022 

10.34 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, between Eric Dinenberg and Seritage Growth Properties 
 
 Filed herewith. 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries 
 
 Filed herewith. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 Furnished herewith. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 Furnished herewith. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 - 59 - 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 

Dated: March 14, 2023 
 
 /s/ Andrea Olshan 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Andrea Olshan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President (principal executive officer) 
 
 March 14, 2023 

Andrea Olshan 

/s/ John Garilli 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 March 14, 2023 

John Garilli 

/s/ Adam Metz 
 
 Trustee 
 
 March 14, 2023 

Adam Metz 

/s/ John T. McClain 
 
 Trustee 
 
 March 14, 2023 

John T. McClain 

/s/ Sharon Osberg 
 
 Trustee 
 
 March 14, 2023 

Sharon Osberg 

/s/ Mitchell Sabshon 
 
 Trustee 
 
 March 14, 2023 

Mitchell Sabshon 

/s/ Talya Nevo-Hacohen 
 
 Trustee 
 
 March 14, 2023 

Talya Nevo-Hacohen 

/s/ Allison Thrush 
 
 Trustee 
 
 March 14, 2023 

Allison Thrush 

/s/ Mark Wilsmann 
 
 Trustee 
 
 March 14, 2023 

Mark Wilsmann 

- 60 - 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 Financial Statements 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 F- 8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 11 

Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule III Real estate and accumulated depreciation 
 
 F- 35 

All other schedules are omitted since the required information is either not present in any amounts, is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACC OUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders of Seritage Growth Properties 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Seritage Growth Properties and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Liquidity Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s primary uses of cash include the payment of property operating and other expenses, including general and administrative expenses and debt service (collectively, Obligations ), and certain development expenditures. Property rental income, which is the Company s primary source of operating cash flow, did not fully fund Obligations and certain development expenditures incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. Obligations and certain development expenditures are projected to continue to exceed property rental income and the Company expects to fund such costs with a combination of capital sources, including cash on hand and sales of consolidated and unconsolidated properties. 
 
 F- 2 

We identified the Company s liquidity disclosure as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments in management s plans to fund its Obligations and certain development expenditures. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate management s conclusion that it is probable the Company s plans will be effectively implemented within one year after the date the financial statements are issued and will provide the necessary cash flows to fund the Company s Obligations and certain development expenditures. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s liquidity disclosure included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of the controls over management s plan, key assumptions, and related disclosures. 

We tested management s key assumptions, including projected rental income and property operating costs by comparing such assumptions to underlying lease agreements and historical operating costs. 

We evaluated management s estimates relating to development expenditures by comparing to underlying development budgets and costs spent to date. 

We evaluated the timing and likelihood of potential asset sales by comparing expected proceeds to executed contracts, comparable market information and historical transactions executed by the Company. 

We tested the Company s paydowns of the Term Loan Facility and extension of the maturity date by tracing to cash support and obtaining a debt confirmation. 

We engaged in discussions with management regarding the Company s intent and ability to generate the planned capital through sales of properties and exercise of available put options with its joint venture partners. 

We evaluated management s plans in the context of other audit evidence and analyzed external filings and press releases to determine whether it supported or contradicted the conclusion reached by management. 

Real Estate Investments Impairment and Investments in Unconsolidated Entities Other Than Temporary Impairment Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company, on a periodic basis, assesses whether there are indicators that (i) the carrying value of real estate assets may not be recoverable or (ii) investments in unconsolidated entities may be other than temporarily impaired. 
 If an indicator is identified for a real estate investment, management will estimate the real estate asset recoverability based on projected operating cash flows to determine if the undiscounted cash flows are less than the real estate asset s carrying value. If the carrying value of a real estate asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an analysis is performed to determine the estimated fair value of the real estate asset. If management determines that the carrying value of a real estate asset is impaired, a loss will be recorded for the excess of its carrying value over its estimated fair value. 
 If an indicator is identified for an investment in unconsolidated entity for which management determines its investment is other than temporarily impaired, management will determine the estimated fair value of its investment. An investment s value is impaired if management s estimate of the fair value of the Company s investment is less than its carrying value and such difference is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To the extent other-than-temporary- impairment has occurred, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value. 
 The Company makes significant assumptions in estimating fair value, including, as necessary, capitalization rate, discount rate, and sales comparables to determine the estimated fair value of real estate assets and investments in unconsolidated entities. The Company recorded approximately 126.9 million of impairment losses on real estate assets and 35.6 million of other than temporary impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated entities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 F- 3 

The Company s assumptions used in estimating the estimated fair value for real estate assets and investments in unconsolidated entities when impairment exists, is subjective and requires judgment. For investments in unconsolidated entities, the Company also utilizes judgment in determining if the impairment is temporary or other than temporary. Because of this, auditing these assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and extensive auditor effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to evaluating management s estimated fair value of real estate assets and investments in unconsolidated entities included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of the controls over management s evaluation of real estate assets for impairment and investment in unconsolidated entities for other than temporary impairment, specifically controls over the estimated fair value of real estate assets and investments in unconsolidated entities. 

We evaluated whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit and industry reports. 

We engaged in discussions with management to evaluate the Company s plans to develop an asset or investment, dispose of an asset or investment when evaluating the assumptions made by management and the considerations around when an investment in an unconsolidated entity is determined to be other than temporarily impaired. 

We evaluated the Company s plans in the context of other audit evidence and analyzed external filings and press releases to determine whether it supported or contradicted the conclusion reached by management. 

We evaluated the Company s determination of the estimated fair value for real estate assets and investments in unconsolidated entities that had an indicator of non-recoverability by performing the following: 

o With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) valuation methodology; (2) significant assumptions made, including testing the source information underlying the determination, as necessary, of the capitalization rates, discount rates and sales comparables and (3) mathematical accuracy of the cash flow and estimated fair value models utilized by management. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015 . 
 
 F- 4 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders of Seritage Growth Properties 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Seritage Growth Properties and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 F- 5 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Investment in real estate 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Construction in progress 

Net investment in real estate 

Real estate held for sale 

Investment in unconsolidated entities 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Tenant and other receivables, net 

Lease intangible assets, net 

Prepaid expenses, deferred expenses and other assets, net 

Total assets (1) 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Term loan facility, net 

Sales-leaseback financing obligations 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities (1) 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Shareholders Equity 

Class A common shares par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Series A preferred shares par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; liquidation preference of 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

(1) The Company's consolidated balance sheets include assets and liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities VIEs ). See Note 2. The consolidated balance sheets, as of December 31, 2022, include the following amounts related to our consolidated VIEs, excluding the Operating Partnership: million of land, million of building and improvements, million of accumulated depreciation and million of other assets included in other line items. The consolidated balance sheets, as of December 31, 2021, include the following amounts related to our consolidated VIEs, excluding the Operating Partnership: million of land, million of building and improvements, million of accumulated depreciation and million of other assets included in other line items. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATE MENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

REVENUE 

Rental income 

Management and other fee income 

Total revenue 

EXPENSES 

Property operating 

Real estate taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative 

Litigation settlement 

Total expenses 

Gain on sale of real estate 

(Loss) gain on sale of interests in unconsolidated entities 

() 

Impairment of real estate assets 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

() 

() 

() 

Interest and other income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Seritage 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to Seritage common shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to Seritage Class A common shareholders - Basic 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to Seritage Class A common shareholders - Diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - Basic 

Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share and unit amounts) 

Additional 

Non- 

Class A Common 

Class B Common 

Series A Preferred 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Controlling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted share units 

() 

Share-based compensation 

() 

() 

Share class surrenders common shares) 

() 

() 

OP Unit exchanges units) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Additional 

Non- 

Class A Common 

Class B Common 

Series A Preferred 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Controlling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted share units 

() 

Share-based compensation 

OP Unit exchanges units) 

() 

Contributions to consolidated joint ventures 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Additional 

Non- 

Class A Common 

Class B Common 

Series A Preferred 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Controlling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Vesting of restricted share units 

() 

Share-based compensation 

OP Unit exchanges units) 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

Distributions from unconsolidated entities 

Loss (gain) on sale of interest in unconsolidated entities 

() 

Gain on sale of real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Impairment of real estate assets 

Share-based compensation 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Amortization of above and below market leases, net 

() 

Straight-line rent adjustment 

() 

() 

Interest on sale-leaseback financing obligations 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Tenants and other receivables 

() 

Prepaid expenses, deferred expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment in unconsolidated entities 

() 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from disposition of interest in unconsolidated entities 

Distributions from unconsolidated entities 

Net proceeds from sale of real estate 

Development of real estate 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment of Term Loan Facility 

() 

() 

Repayment of sales-leaseback financing obligations 

() 

Proceeds from sale-leaseback financing obligations 

Purchase of shares related to stock grant recipients tax withholdings 

() 

() 

Preferred dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Contributions from noncontrolling interests in other partnerships 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 

F- 9 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

RECONCILIATION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Restricted cash at end of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash payments for interest 

Capitalized interest 

Income taxes paid 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Development of real estate financed with accounts payable 

Preferred dividends declared and unpaid 

Decrease in real estate, net resulting from deconsolidated properties 

Real estate, net 

() 

() 

Tenants and other receivables, net 

() 

Lease intangible assets, net 

() 

Prepaid expenses, deferred expenses and other assets, net 

() 

() 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Transfer to real estate assets held for sale 

() 

() 

Recording (removal) of right of use assets 

() 

Recording (removal) of lease liabilities 

() 

Property received in JV distribution 

Non-cash property investment in JV distribution 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 10 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 properties comprised of approximately million square feet of gross leasable area GLA or build-to-suit leased area, approximately acres held for or under development and approximately million square feet or approximately acres to be disposed of. The portfolio consists of approximately million square feet of GLA held by wholly owned properties (such properties, the Consolidated Properties and million square feet of GLA held by unconsolidated entities (such properties, the Unconsolidated Properties ). The Company commenced operations on July 7, 2015 following a rights offering to the shareholders of Sears Holdings Corporation Sears Holdings or Sears to purchase common shares of Seritage in order to fund, in part, the billion acquisition of certain of Sears Holdings owned properties and its interests in joint ventures which were simultaneously leased back to Sears Holdings under a master lease agreement (the Original Master Lease and the Original JV Master Leases , respectively). As of March 15, 2021, the Company no longer had any remaining properties leased to Holdco (as defined below) or Sears Holdings, as further described in Note 5. On March 1, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Trustees had commenced a process to review a broad range of strategic alternatives. The Board of Trustees has created a Special Committee (the Special Committee of the Company s Board of Trustees to oversee the process. The Special Committee has retained Barclays as its financial advisor. The Company s strategic review process remains ongoing as the Company executes sales pursuant to the Plan of Sale. There can be no assurance that the review process will result in any transaction or that the Company will be successful in fully executing the Plan of Sale. On March 31, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Trustees, with the recommendation of the Special Committee, approved a plan to terminate the Company s REIT status and become a taxable C Corporation, effective for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, the Company is no longer required to operate under REIT rules, including the requirement to distribute at least of REIT taxable income to its stockholders, which provides the Company with greater flexibility to use its free cash flow. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company is subject to federal and state income taxes on its taxable income at applicable tax rates and is no longer entitled to a tax deduction for dividends paid. The Company operated as a REIT since inception and through the 2021 tax year, and existing REIT requirements and limitations, including those established by the Company s organizational documents, remained in place until December 31, 2021. As a result of the Company s change in corporate structure to a taxable C Corporation effective January 1, 2022, the Company incurred a one-time, non-cash deferred tax benefit of approximately million during the quarter ended March 31, 2022. The Company also recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset pursuant to ASC 740, Income Taxes , as discussed in more detail below. The Company sought a shareholder vote to approve a proposed plan of sale of the Company s assets and dissolution (the Plan of Sale that would allow the Board to sell all of the Company s assets, distribute the net proceeds to shareholders and dissolve the Company. The Plan of Sale is expected to increase the universe of potential buyers by allowing Seritage and potential buyers to enter into and complete value maximizing transactions without subjecting any such transaction to the delay and conditionality associated with having to seek and obtain shareholder approval. On July 6, 2022, Edward Lampert, the Company s former Chairman, entered into a Voting and Support Agreement under which he exchanged his equity interest in the Operating Partnership for Class A common shares and agreed to vote his shares in favor of the Plan of Sale. As of December 31, 2022, after giving effect to the exchange of his Operating Partnership interests, Mr. Lampert owns approximately of the Company s outstanding Class A common shares, and Seritage, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is the sole owner of all outstanding Operating Partnership interests. The affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all outstanding common shares of the Company was required to approve the Plan of Sale. The 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders occurred on October 24, 2022, following the Company s filing of a final proxy statement with the SEC on September 14, 2022. During the meeting, the Plan of Sale was approved by the shareholders. The strategic review process remains ongoing as the Company executes the Plan of Sale. There can be no assurance that the review process will result in any transaction or that the Company will be successful in fully executing on the Plan of Sale. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations There can be no assurance that our review of strategic alternatives will result in any transaction or any strategic change at this time. Liquidity The Company s primary uses of cash include the payment of property operating and other expenses, including general and administrative expenses and debt service (collectively, Obligations ), and certain development expenditures. Property rental income, which is the Company s primary source of operating cash flow, did not fully fund Obligations incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the Company recorded net operating cash outflows of million. Additionally, the Company generated net investing cash inflows of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, which were driven by asset sales and partially offset by development expenditures. Obligations are projected to continue to exceed property rental income and the Company expects to fund such costs with a combination of capital sources including, cash on hand, and sales of Consolidated and Unconsolidated Properties. During the period from January 31, 2023, through March 6, 2023, the Company sold assets for gross proceeds of million and made a million principal prepayment on the Term Loan Facility, reducing the outstanding Term Loan Facility balance to million. Pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Facility, by reducing our outstanding principal balance to million, the maturity date for the Term Loan Facility was extended for to . Going Concern In accordance with ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern , for each annual and interim reporting period, management evaluates whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. As part of this evaluation, the Company takes into consideration all Obligations due within the subsequent 12 months, as well as cash on hand and expected cash receipts. Management has determined that it is probable its plans, as described under Liquidity, will be effectively implemented within one year after the date the financial statements are issued and that these actions will provide the necessary cash flows to fund the Company s Obligations and development expenditures for the one-year period. As the outstanding balance of the Term Loan Facility is not due within the 12 month period subsequent to the date that the financial statements are issued, the Company s Term Loan Facility is not factored into the Company s analysis as a current obligation. The anticipated proceeds from the sales of the million of assets under contract, combined with the expected minimum proceeds from the exercise of its put options of million and existing cash on hand, would allow the Company to fund its Obligations and certain development expenditures. As a result, the Company has concluded that management s plans alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. COVID-19 Pandemic The Coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant impacts on the real estate industry in the United States, including the Company s properties. As a result of the development, fluidity and uncertainty surrounding this situation, the Company expects that these conditions may change, potentially significantly, in future periods and results for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be indicative of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business for future periods. As such, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the impact of COVID-19 on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows over the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, the of base rent for the year ended December 31, 2022. While the Company intends to enforce its contractual rights under its leases, there can be no assurance that tenants will meet their future obligations or that additional rental modification agreements will not be necessary. 

F- 12 

VIEs in which we are considered the primary beneficiary, as the Company has the power to direct the activities of the entities, specifically surrounding the development plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has investments in several unconsolidated VIEs and does not consolidate these entities because the Company is not the primary beneficiary. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. To the extent such variable interests are in entities that are not evaluated under the VIE model, the Company evaluates its interests using the voting interest entity model. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, holds a interest in the Operating Partnership and is the sole general partner which gives the Company exclusive and complete responsibility for the day-to-day management, authority to make decisions, and control of the Operating Partnership . 
 
 reportable segment due to their similarities with regard to the nature and economics of the properties, tenants, and operational process. 

Site improvements: 

Tenant improvements: 
 shorter of the estimated useful life or non-cancelable term of lease 

The Company amortizes identified intangibles that have finite lives over the period they are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to the future cash flows of the property or business acquired, generally the remaining non-cancelable term of a related lease. The Company, on a periodic basis, assesses whether there are indicators that the value of the real estate assets may be impaired. If an indicator is identified, management will estimate the real estate asset recoverability based on projected operating cash flows (undiscounted and unleveraged), taking into account the anticipated holding period and capitalization rates, to determine if the undiscounted cash flows are less than a real estate asset s carrying value. If the carrying value of an asset exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, an analysis is performed to determine the estimated fair value of the real asset. In estimating the fair value of an asset, various factors are considered, including expected future operating income, trends and leasing prospects, including the effects of demand, competition, and other economic factors, such as discount rates and market comparables. Changes in any estimates and/or assumptions, including the anticipated holding period, could have a material impact on the projected operating cash flows. If management determines that the carrying value of a real estate asset is impaired, a loss will be recorded for the excess of its carrying amount over its estimated fair value. The Company recognized impairment losses of million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Real Estate Dispositions When the Company disposes of all or a portion of a real estate asset, it recognizes a gain or loss on sale of real estate as the difference between the carrying value and consideration received. Consideration consists of cash proceeds received and in certain circumstances, non-cash consideration when a property is contributed to an investment in unconsolidated entity. Gains and losses from the disposition of real estate are recorded as gain (loss) on sale of real estate on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Refer to Note 4 for more information on the Company s unconsolidated entity transactions. 

Gain (loss) on sale of real estate, net 

() 

Dispositions to third parties: 

Gross proceeds 

Gain on sale of real estate, net (1) 

Total gains on contributions and dispositions, net 

(1) million for the year ended December 31, 2021, related to the revaluation of Cockeysville JV to adjust the gain from million to million and loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, related to the revaluation of Mark 302 JV to adjust the gain from million to million as further described in Note 4 below. 

properties, including three partial sites and pad sites, were classified as held for sale with assets of million and liabilities, and as of December 31, 2021 , properties were classified as held for sale. 
 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are indicators, including the operating performance of the underlying real estate and general market conditions which include macroeconomic conditions, that the value of the Company s investments in unconsolidated entities may be impaired. An investment s value is impaired if management s estimate of the fair value of the Company s investment is less than its carrying value and such difference is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value. The Company recorded million in other-than-temporary impairment losses in investments in unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2022 in equity in loss of unconsolidated entities on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. such impairment losses were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a result of the Company s evaluation of collectability. In addition, the Company recorded an increase of income of previously recorded bad debt on straight-line rent of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 , and reductions of income of previously recorded straight-line rent of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded an increase to rental income of million, an increase to rental income of million, and a decrease to rental income of million related to the allowance for deferral agreements, respectively. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has entered into amendments to existing leases with certain tenants (the Rent Deferral Agreements ), that provide for the deferral of all or some portion of rental payments due during the period which such tenant was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic Deferred Rent ). The Rent Deferral Agreements typically provide for repayment of the Deferred Rent within six to 12 months following the end of the rent deferral period and, in many instances, waive certain other conditions in favor of the Company while Deferred Rent is outstanding. Deferred Rent generally becomes immediately due and payable under the Rent Deferral Agreements if the tenant does not make the minimum contractual payments or otherwise defaults on the lease. We recognize lease concessions related to the COVID-19 pandemic such as rent deferrals and abatements in accordance with the Lease Modification Q A issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), in April 2020, which provides entities with the option to elect to account for lease concessions as though the enforceable rights and obligations existed in the original lease. As a result, the Company has not adjusted accrued rental revenues or the portion of accrued rental revenues related to the straight-line method for the portion which has been deferred. When the Deferred Rent is repaid, the Company will relieve the accrual in tenant and other receivables. In leasing tenant space, the Company may provide funding to the lessee through a tenant allowance. In accounting for a tenant allowance, the Company will determine whether the allowance represents funding for the construction of leasehold improvements and evaluate the ownership of such improvements. If the Company is considered the owner of the improvements for accounting purposes, the Company will capitalize the amount of the tenant allowance and depreciate it over the shorter of the useful life of the improvements or the related lease term. If the tenant allowance represents a payment for a purpose other than funding leasehold improvements, or in the event the Company is not considered the owner of the improvements for accounting purposes, the allowance is considered a lease incentive and is recognized over the lease term as a reduction of rental revenue on a straight-line basis. 
 
 of the revenue earned from such Unconsolidated Properties in management and other fee income on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company s share of management expenses incurred by the unconsolidated entities is reported in equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities on the consolidated statements of operations and in other expenses in the combined financial data in Note 4. Leasing and development fees are initially reported at the portion of revenue earned attributable to outside ownership of the related unconsolidated entities. The Company s share in leasing and development fee income is recognized over the useful life of the associated development project, in the case of development fees, or lease term, in the case of leasing fees, as the associated asset is depreciated over the same term and included in equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated entities on the consolidated statements of operations and in other expenses in the combined financial data in Note 4. For property and asset management services, the Company is typically compensated for its services through a monthly management fee earned based on a specified percentage of monthly rental income or rental receipts generated from the property under management. For construction and development services, the Company is typically compensated for planning, administering and monitoring the design and construction of projects within our unconsolidated entities based on a percentage of project costs or a fixed fee. Revenues from such management contracts are recognized over the life of the applicable contract. Conversely, leasing services are considered to be performance obligations, satisfied as of a point in time. The Company s leasing fee is typically paid upon the occurrence of certain contractual event(s) that may be contingent and the pattern of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment. For these services, the obligations are typically satisfied at lease execution and tenant opening date, and revenue is recognized in accordance with the related agreement at the point in time when the obligation has been satisfied. 
 
 tenant that comprises of annualized based rent, with no other tenants exceeding 10.0 of annualized based rent. The Company s portfolio of Consolidated Properties and Unconsolidated Properties was diversified by location across states. 
 Class C common shares outstanding. Class B non-economic common shares are excluded from earnings per share computations as they do not have economic rights. As of December 31, 2020, all outstanding Class B common shares had been surrendered and there are currently Class B common shares outstanding. All outstanding non-vested shares that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are considered participating securities and are included in computing earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method which specifies that all outstanding non-vested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to distributions are considered participating securities and should be included in the computation of earnings per share. 
 The following presents Accounting Standards Updates ASU issued by FASB which have been adopted by the Company: 

ASU 
 Description 
 Adoption Date 
 Effect on the financial statements or other significant matters 

ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) ASU 2018-19, Codification improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses 
 ASU 2016-13 changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments, requiring the use of an expected credit loss model and adding more disclosure requirements. ASU 2018-19 clarifies that impairment of receivables arising from operating leases should accounted for in accordance with Topic 842, Leases. 
 January 1, 2020 
 The Company s adoption of ASU 2016-13 and 2018-19 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

The Lease Modification Q A 
 In April 2020, the FASB staff issued the Lease Modification Q A focused on the application of lease accounting guidance to lease concessions provided as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Under existing lease guidance, the Company would have to determine, on a lease by lease basis, if a lease concession was the result of a new arrangement reached with the tenant or if a lease concession was under the enforceable rights and obligations within the existing lease agreement. The Lease Modification Q A allows the Company, if certain criteria have been met, to bypass the lease by lease analysis, and instead elect to either apply the lease modification accounting framework or not, with such election applied consistently to leases with similar characteristics and similar circumstances. 
 April 10, 2020 
 The Company elected to avail itself of the relief provided in the Lease Modification Q A for all leases which were modified during the second quarter of 2020. The Company entered into Rent Deferral Agreements on leases during the year ended December 31, 2020 and additional lease during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has determined that the deferral agreements are all substantially similar arrangements and has elected to bypass the lease by lease analysis. This election did not result in a material change to the Company s financial statements. The impact of this election is dependent upon the circumstances and characteristics of future modifications and as such the impact of the Lease Modification Q A may change. Refer to Note 2 for further information regarding the deferral agreements and their impact to the Company s results of operations. 

F- 18 

() 

Above-market leases 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Above-market leases 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

Amortization of acquired below-market leases, net of acquired above-market leases, resulted in additional rental income of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization of an acquired below-market ground lease resulted in additional property expense of million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020. Amortization of acquired in-place leases resulted in additional depreciation and amortization expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

F- 19 

GS Portfolio Holdings (2017) LLC GGP II JV 
 
 Brookfield Properties Retail 

MS Portfolio LLC Macerich JV 
 
 The Macerich Company 

SPS Portfolio Holdings II LLC Simon JV 
 
 Simon Property Group, Inc. 

Mark 302 JV LLC Mark 302 JV 
 
 An investment fund managed by Invesco Real Estate 

SI UTC LLC UTC JV 
 
 A separate account advised by Invesco Real Estate 

Tech Ridge JV Holding LLC Tech Ridge JV 
 
 An affiliate of RD Management 

Landmark Land Holdings, LLC Landmark JV 
 
 Landmark Land Holdings, LLC 

The Company has contributed certain properties to unconsolidated entities in exchange for equity interests in those unconsolidated entities. The contribution of property to unconsolidated entities is accounted for as a sale of real estate and the Company recognizes the gain or loss on the sale (the Gain (loss) based upon the transaction price attributed to the property at the closing of the unconsolidated entities transaction (the Contribution Value ). The Gain or (loss) is included in gain on sale of real estate on the consolidated statements of operations. In certain circumstances, the Contribution Value is subject to revaluation as defined in the respective unconsolidated entity agreements, which may result in an adjustment to the gain or loss recognized. If the Contribution Value is subject to revaluation, the Company initially recognizes the gain or loss at the value that is the expected amount within the range of possible outcomes and will re-evaluate the expected amount on a quarterly basis through the final determination date. Upon revaluation, the primary inputs in determining the Contribution Value will be updated for actual results and may result in a cash settlement or capital account adjustment between the unconsolidated entity partners, as well as an adjustment to the initial gain or loss. Each reporting period, the Company re-analyzes the primary inputs that determine the Contribution Value and the gain or loss for those unconsolidated entities subject to a revaluation. 

December 31, 2022 

Unconsolidated Entity 
 
 Contribution Date 
 
 Contribution Value 

Gain (Loss) 

2018 

Mark 302 JV (1) 

2019 

Cockeysville JV (2) 

Tech Ridge JV (3) 

(1) million and reduced the Gain (Loss) by million. As of December 31, 2021, the amended determination date, there had been no change to the adjusted Contribution Value and the final Contribution Value is million. 

 (2) million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has determined that the final contribution value is million. The Company sold its interest in this unconsolidated entity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 (3) million. 

Buildings and improvements 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Construction in progress 

Net investment in real estate 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment in unconsolidated entities 

Tenant and other receivables, net 

Other assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS INTERESTS 

Liabilities 

Mortgage loans payable, net 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Members Interests 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings 

() 

() 

Total members interests 

Total liabilities and members interests 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

EQUITY IN LOSS OF UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES 

Total revenue 

Property operating expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Gains, (losses) and (impairments) 

() 

() 

Net (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities (1) 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) 
 The Company shares in the profits and losses of these unconsolidated entities generally in accordance with the Company s respective equity interests. In some instances, the Company may recognize profits and losses related to investment in an unconsolidated entity that differ from the Company s equity interest in the unconsolidated entity. This may arise from impairments that the Company recognizes related to its investment that differ from the impairments the unconsolidated entity recognizes with respect to its assets, differences between the Company s basis in assets it has transferred to the unconsolidated entity and the unconsolidated entity s basis in those assets or other items. During the quarter ended June 30, 2022, in conjunction with the Plan of Sale, the Company recognized a change in plan to reduce the holding periods of all its investments in unconsolidated entities, which triggered the need for an impairment analysis pursuant to ASC 323, Equity Method and Joint Ventures . The Company utilized appraisals and third-party prepared fair value estimates as well as negotiated offers to sell the investments for the impairment analysis. As a result of changes to the anticipated holding periods and updated appraisals obtained, other-than-temporary impairment of million was recorded to equity in loss of unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2022. such impairment was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. This impairment is included in the equity in loss of unconsolidated entities line in the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold its interests in unconsolidated entities and sold properties held by unconsolidated entities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exercised the put rights that it has on Unconsolidated Properties. One of the Company s partners considered this to be a triggering event to assess impairment on its underlying assets pursuant to ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment , and recorded impairment on Unconsolidated Properties of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, another unconsolidated entity assessed the underlying property for impairment and recorded million for the year ended December 31, 2022. There was impairment recorded on Unconsolidated Properties held by unconsolidated entities for the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company closed on the sale of of the properties for which it exercised its put rights. Unconsolidated Entity Management and Related Fees The Company acts as the operating partner and day-to-day manager for the Mark 302 JV, the UTC JV, and Tech Ridge JV. The Company is entitled to receive certain fees for providing management, leasing, and construction supervision services to certain of its unconsolidated entities. Refer to Note 2 for the Company s accounting policies. The Company earned million, million and million from these services for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 F- 22 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Variable rental income 

Total rental income 

Lessee Disclosures The Company has ground lease and corporate office lease which are classified as operating leases. As of December 31, 2022 , and 2021, the outstanding amount of right of use assets were million and million, respectively. The Company recorded rent expense related to leased corporate office space of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Such rent expense is classified within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, the Company recorded ground rent expense of approximately million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. Such ground rent expense is classified within property operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The ground lease requires the Company to make fixed annual rental payments and expires in assuming all extension options are exercised. The Company expects to make cash payments on operating leases of million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million for the periods thereafter. The present value discount is million. 

Weighted average discount rate 

Cash paid for operating leases 

Sale-leaseback Financing Obligations During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company completed a sale-leaseback transaction for its property in Hialeah, Florida for million which is included in sales-leaseback financing obligations on the consolidated balance sheets. As part of the sale-leaseback transaction, the Company agreed to lease all land and improvements on the land for a fixed term of at an initial base rent of million per annum which will increase by per year thereafter. For the initial periods of the sale-leaseback, cash payments are less than the interest expense recognized, which causes the obligation to increase during the initial years of the lease term. The implied interest rate is approximately . . The Hialeah property was reflected as a long-lived asset and depreciated over its remaining useful life. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased the property and concurrently sold it to another buyer, thus terminating the sales-leaseback financing obligation. Original Master Lease and Holdco Master Lease On February 28, 2019, the Company and certain affiliates of Transform Holdco LLC Holdco ), an affiliate of ESL Investments, Inc. ESL , executed the Holdco Master Lease (the Holdco Master Lease which became effective on March 12, 2019 when the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the Bankruptcy Court issued an order approving the rejection of the Original Master Lease. The Company analyzed this transaction under applicable accounting guidance and determined that the termination of the Original Master Lease and entering into the Holdco Master Lease should be accounted for as a modification. The Holdco Master Lease provided the Company with the right to recapture the space occupied by the tenant at all properties (other than five specified properties) and the right to recapture any automotive care centers which are free-standing or attached as appendages to the properties, all outparcels or outlots and certain portions of parking areas and common areas. properties under the Original Master Lease prior to its rejection on March 12, 2019 and Holdco exercised termination rights with respect to all remaining properties under the Holdco Master Lease during the year ended December 31, 2020, and the remaining five properties terminated in March 2021. 

Variable rental income 

Total rental income 

, the Operating Partnership, as borrower, and the Company, as guarantor, entered into a Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement (the Term Loan Agreement providing for a billion term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility with Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska Berkshire Hathaway as lender and Berkshire Hathaway as administrative agent. The Term Loan Facility provided for an initial funding of billion at closing (the Initial Funding and includes a million incremental funding facility (the Incremental Funding Facility subject to certain conditions described below. The Term Loan Facility matures on , with the ability to extend based on meeting certain criteria. Funded amounts under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at an annual rate of and unfunded amounts under the Incremental Funding Facility are subject to an annual fee of until drawn. The Company prepays the annual fee and amortizes the expense to interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company s ability to access the Incremental Funding Facility is subject to (i) the Company achieving rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants, on an annualized basis (after giving effect to SNO Leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months) for the fiscal quarter ending prior to the date of incurrence of the Incremental Funding Facility, of not less than million, (ii) the Company s good faith projection that rental income from non-Sears Holdings tenants (after giving effect to SNO Leases expected to commence rent payment within 12 months) for the succeeding four consecutive fiscal quarters (beginning with the fiscal quarter during which the incremental facility is accessed) will be not less than million, and (iii) the repayment by the Operating Partnership of any deferred interest permitted under the amendment to the Term Loan Amendment as further described below. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not yet achieved the requirements to access the Incremental Funding Facility. The Term Loan Facility is guaranteed by the Company and, subject to certain exceptions, is required to be guaranteed by all existing and future subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The Term Loan Facility is secured on a first lien basis by a pledge of the capital stock of the direct subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership and the guarantors, including its joint venture interests, except as prohibited by the organizational documents of such entities or any joint venture agreements applicable to such entities, and contains a requirement to provide mortgages and other customary collateral upon the breach of certain financial metrics described below, the occurrence and continuation of an event of default and certain other conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement. During 2019, mortgages were recorded on a majority of the Company s portfolio and during the year ended December 31, 2021, mortgages were recorded on the remaining unmortgaged properties in all but three locations. The Term Loan Facility includes certain financial metrics to govern springing collateral requirements and certain covenant exceptions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, including: (i) a total fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2018 through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, and not less than to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter; (ii) an unencumbered fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2018 through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, and not less than to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter thereafter; (iii) a total leverage ratio of not more than ; (iv) an unencumbered ratio of not more than ; and (v) a minimum net worth of at least billion. Any failure to satisfy any of these financial metrics limits the Company s ability to dispose of assets via sale or joint venture and triggers the springing mortgage and collateral requirements but will not result in an event of default. The Term Loan Facility also includes certain limitations relating to, among other activities, the Company s ability to: sell assets or merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of its assets; incur additional debt; incur certain liens; enter into, terminate or modify certain material leases and/or the material agreements for the Company s properties; make certain investments (including limitations on joint ventures) and other restricted payments; pay distributions on or repurchase the Company s capital stock; and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The Term Loan Facility contains customary events of default, including (subject to certain materiality thresholds and grace periods) payment default, material inaccuracy of representations or warranties, and bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. If there is an event of default, the lenders may declare all or any portion of the outstanding indebtedness to be immediately due and payable, exercise any rights they might have under any of the Term Loan Facility documents, and require the Company to pay a default interest rate on overdue amounts equal to in excess of the then applicable interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with certain of the financial metrics described above. As a result, the Company was previously required to receive the consent of Berkshire Hathaway to dispose of assets via sale or contribution to another entity and, as of June 16, 2022, Berkshire Hathaway had provided such consent for all such transactions submitted for approval. The Third Term Loan Amendment (defined below) executed on June 16, 2022 eliminates this requirement. The Company believes it is in compliance with all other terms and conditions of the Term Loan Agreement. The Company incurred million of debt issuance costs related to the Term Loan Facility which are recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the Term Loan Facility and amortized over the term of the Term Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized balance of the Company s debt issuance costs were million and million, respectively. On May 5, 2020, the Operating Partnership and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership and Berkshire Hathaway as initial lender and administrative agent that permits the deferral of payment of interest under the Term Loan Agreement if, as of the first day of each applicable month, (x) the amount of unrestricted and unencumbered (other than liens created under the Term Loan Agreement) cash on hand of the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, minus (y) the aggregate amount of anticipated necessary expenditures for such period (such sum, Available Cash is equal to or less than 30.0 million. In such instances, for each interest period, the Operating Partnership is obligated to make payments of interest in an amount equal to the difference between (i) Available Cash and (ii) 20.0 million (provided that such payment shall not exceed the amount of current interest otherwise due under the Term Loan Agreement). Any deferred interest shall accrue interest at in excess of the then applicable interest rate and shall be due and payable on July 31, 2023; provided, that the Operating Partnership is required to pay any deferred interest from Available Cash in excess of million (unless otherwise agreed to by the administrative agent under the Term Loan Agreement in its sole discretion). In addition, repayment of any outstanding deferred interest is a condition to any borrowings under the million incremental funding facility under the Term Loan Agreement. The Company has paid all interest due under the Term Loan Agreement and has not deferred any interest as permitted under the Term Loan Amendment. Additionally, the Term Loan Amendment provides that the administrative agent and the lenders express their continued support for asset dispositions, subject to the administrative agent s right to approve the terms of individual transactions due to the occurrence of a Financial Metric Trigger Event, as such term is defined under the Term Loan Agreement. On November 24, 2021, the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Second Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway to which the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway mutually agreed that (i) the make whole provision in the Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement shall not be applicable to prepayments of principal ; and (ii) the Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement, as amended for (i) above, may at the Operating Partnership s election be extended for from to (the Maturity Date if its principal has been reduced to million by the Maturity Date. If it has not been reduced to this limit by the Maturity Date, the loan will be due and payable on that date. In all other respects, the Senior Secured Term Loan Agreement remains unchanged. On June 16, 2022, the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway entered into an amendment (the Third Term Loan Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement by and among the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway to which the Operating Partnership, the Company and Berkshire Hathaway mutually agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the asset sale covenant, the parent, borrower, and their respective subsidiaries will be permitted without the consent of the administrative agent to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of properties (including but not limited to properties or equity interests of any subsidiary) to unaffiliated third parties for no less than fair market value, provided that the borrower deposits all net proceeds received into a controlled account and the use of such net proceeds will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Term Loan Agreement, including but not limited to the restricted payments and investments/loans covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid down million towards the Term Loan Facility s unpaid principal balance. The aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2022 was billion. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company paid down an additional million reducing the Term Loan Facility s unpaid principal balance to million. Pursuant to the terms of the Term Loan Facility, by reducing our outstanding principal balance to million, the maturity date for the Term Loan Facility was extended for to . 

 of REIT taxable income to its stockholders, which provides the Company with greater flexibility to use its free cash flow. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company is subject to federal, state and local income taxes on its taxable income at applicable tax rates and is no longer entitled to a tax deduction for dividends paid. The Company operated as a REIT for the 2021 tax year and prior years, and existing REIT requirements and limitations, including those established by the Company s organizational documents, remained in place through December 31, 2021. As a result of the Company s revocation of its REIT status in fiscal year 2022, the Company incurred a one-time, non-cash deferred tax benefit of approximately million during the three months ended March 31, 2022. As a result of ongoing operations and sales activity, the Company recognized a deferred tax benefit of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance of million against the deferred tax asset pursuant to ASC 740, as discussed in more detail below. The Company s effective tax rate of differs from the U.S. statutory rate of in 2022 primarily due to the recognition of a valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets.) 

Tax on pre-tax book income (loss) 
 
 () 

Non-controlling interest 

State taxes on current year income, permanent items 
 
 () 

Deferred tax asset build-up 
 
 () 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred rate change 

Other 

Income tax expense 

Effective tax rate 

The significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities of million as of December 31, 2022 consist of book to tax basis differences, net operating losses, and carryover net operating losses. As discussed below, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. As the Company was taxed as a REIT through December 31, 2021, it reported deferred tax assets in years prior to 2022. 

Difference between book and tax basis of property, plant, and equipment 

Straight-line rent 
 
 () 

Prepaid insurance 
 
 () 

Allowance for bad debts 

Joint ventures 

Accrued bonus 

Stock compensation 

Prepaid rent 

Unearned revenue 

State depreciation differences 
 
 () 

Valuation allowance 
 
 () 

Net deferred income tax asset 

Valuation allowances are recorded related to deferred tax assets based on the more likely than not criteria. ASC 740 states that deferred tax assets shall be reduced by a valuation allowance if there is insufficient objectively verifiable evidence to support that it is more likely than not that they will be realized. This evaluation requires significant judgment which should be weighted commensurate with the extent to which the evidence can be objectively verified. Additionally, under ASC 740, forming a conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed is difficult when there is negative evidence such as cumulative losses in recent years. Given the Company s history of cumulative losses combined with the fact that the Company s utilization of deferred tax assets is highly dependent on the outcome of the review of a broad range of strategic alternatives announced by its Board of Trustees and the uncertainty in timing and volume of future property sales, we have deemed that their realization, at this time, cannot be objectively verified. The Company has therefore recorded a full valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. The Company will evaluate this position each quarter as verifiable positive evidence becomes available, such as the execution of asset sales, to support the future utilization of the deferred tax assets. 

(1) Includes 161.3 million of valuation allowance recorded for change in taxable status. 

 (2) Relates to valuation allowance impact recorded through additional paid-in capital due to exchange of equity interest in operating partnership for Class A shares. 

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis on our consolidated balance sheets consist of real estate assets that have been written down to estimated fair value and are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, in accordance with ASC 360-10, Property, Plant and Equipment , the Company recorded impairment losses of million, million and million, respectively, on real estate assets which is included in impairment on real estate assets within the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, in accordance with ASC 323, Equity Method and Joint Ventures , the Company recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses of million on investments in unconsolidated entities which are included in equity in loss of unconsolidated entities within the consolidated statements of operations. No such impairment was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company, in connection with the strategic review and the Plan of Sale, determined that the best plan for all assets and its investments in unconsolidated entities is to pursue sales. As a result of the foregoing, the Company s anticipated holding periods with respect to certain assets and investments has decreased. This affected the Company s view of recoverability of the carrying value of those assets over their respective holding periods. Of the million of impairments recorded during the year, approximately million resulted from the change in holding period as a result of the Company s decision to monetize additional assets through sales calculated based on fair value estimates described below. Additionally, million of impairment is the result of the Company agreeing to sell certain assets below their carrying value and is driven from negotiated contract values. The Company continues to evaluate the portfolio, including development plans and holding periods, which may result in additional impairments in future periods on our consolidated properties. The fair value estimates used to determine the impairment charges were determined primarily by discounted cash flow analyses, market comparable data, third-party appraisals/valuations and/or offers received, as applicable. The cash flows utilized in such analyses are comprised of unobservable inputs which include, among other things, estimated revenue and expense growth rates, discount rates and capitalization rates based upon market conditions and future expectations. Comparable data utilizes comparable sales, listings, sales contracts and letters of intent which are subject to judgment as to comparability to the valued property. Because of these inputs, we have determined that the fair values of these properties are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy Financial Assets and Liabilities not Measured at Fair Value Financial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets include cash equivalents and term loan facility. The fair value of term loan facility is classified as Level 2. Cash equivalents and restricted cash are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The fair value of debt obligations is calculated by discounting the future contractual cash flows of these instruments using current risk-adjusted rates available to borrowers with similar credit ratings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair values of the Company s debt obligations were billion and billion, respectively, which approximated the carrying value at such dates as the current risk-adjusted rate approximates the stated rates on the Company s debt obligations. 

F- 28 

million. As of December 31, 2021, the balance of the environmental reserve was approximately million and was included in the accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As a result of the litigation settlement referenced below, the Company was released from any obligation to reimburse Holdco for remediation work performed and determined that the Company is no longer required to maintain the environmental reserve. The extinguishment of the million liability has been recorded to miscellaneous income during the year ended December 31, 2022. There was liability as of December 31, 2022. Litigation and Other Matters In accordance with accounting standards regarding loss contingencies, the Company accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, and the Company discloses the amount accrued and the amount of a reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued or discloses the fact that such a range of loss cannot be estimated. The Company does not record liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. On April 18, 2019, at the direction of the Restructuring Sub-Committee of the Restructuring Committee of the Board of Directors of Sears Holdings, Sears Holdings, Sears, Roebuck Co., Sears Development Co., Kmart Corporation, and Kmart of Washington, LLC filed a lawsuit (the Litigation in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the Bankruptcy Court against, among others, Edward S. Lampert, ESL and certain of its affiliates and investors, Fairholme Capital Management, L.L.C., certain members of the Sears Holdings board of directors, and the Company, the Operating Partnership, and certain of our affiliates and subsidiaries (the Company, the Operating Partnership, and certain of our affiliates and subsidiaries collectively, the Seritage Defendants ). The Litigation is dual captioned as In re: Sears Holdings Corporation, et al., Case No. 18-23538 (RDD) and Sears Holdings Corporation et al., v. Lampert et al., Case No. 19-08250 (RDD). The Litigation alleged, among other things, that certain transactions undertaken by Sears Holdings since 2011 constituted actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and/or illegal dividends by Sears Holdings. The challenged transactions include the July 2015 transactions giving rise to Seritage, the execution of the Original Master Lease with Sears Holdings, and the acquisition of real estate from Sears Holdings. The Litigation alleged, among other things, that the real estate acquired by Seritage from Sears Holdings in July 2015 was worth at least to million more than the purchase price paid. The Litigation sought as relief, among other things, declaratory relief, avoidance of the allegedly actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and either (i) rescission of the transfers of real estate from Sears Holdings to Seritage in 2015 and return of the proceeds of the transactions between Sears Holdings and Seritage, or, in the alternative, (ii) payment by Seritage to Sears Holdings of damages at least equal to the value of the transferred property. On October 15, 2019, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order (the Confirmation Order confirming the Modified Second Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Sears Holdings and its affiliated debtors (the Chapter 11 Plan ). Pursuant to the terms of the Confirmation Order, upon the effective date of the Chapter Plan, a liquidating trust would be formed, and the Litigation would vest in the liquidating trust. The Confirmation Order further provides that, prior to the effective date of the Chapter 11 Plan and the formation of the liquidating trust, the Litigation would be controlled by five litigation designees selected by Sears Holdings and the Unsecured Creditors Committee (the UCC ). For further information, refer to the Chapter 11 Plan, Confirmation Order and liquidating trust agreement, each of which has been publicly filed with the Bankruptcy Court. On February 21, 2020, the Seritage defendants filed a partial motion to dismiss seeking dismissal of the claims in the operative complaint in the Litigation relating to the release received in the Sears Holdings derivative litigation, unjust enrichment, and equitable subordination. On March 15, 2021, the Court consolidated the Litigation with a case captioned Sears Holding Corp. et al. v. Andrew H. Tisch, et al., Case No. 20-07007 (RDD) (the Shareholder Litigation, and, together with the Litigation, the Consolidated Litigation ). The Shareholder Litigation was brought by the UCC, Sears Holdings Corporation, and Sears, Roebuck and Co., against certain shareholders of Sears Holdings or its related companies. Seritage was not named as a defendant in the Shareholder Litigation, which alleges, among other things, that certain transactions undertaken by Sears Holdings since 2014 (including the July 2015 transactions giving rise to Seritage, the execution of the Original Master Lease with Sears Holdings, and the acquisition of real estate from Sears Holdings) constituted actual and/or constructive fraudulent transfers and/or illegal dividends. The Company believes that the claims against the Seritage Defendants in the Consolidated Litigation are without merit. On April 6, 2022, the Court entered an order in the Consolidated Litigation, upon the agreement of the parties thereto, providing for a mediation of the litigation. The parties and the Court extended the mediation several times, through August, and up until the settlement described below was reached. On August 9, 2022, following the mediation, all of the parties to the Litigation and certain of the parties to the Shareholder Litigation (to which Seritage is not a defendant) entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the defendants paid to the Sears estate million (of which the Seritage Defendants contributed approximately million) in exchange for dismissal of the Consolidated Litigation and for the full and final satisfaction and release of all claims in the Consolidated Litigation (including, in the case of the Seritage Defendants, any and all claims between the Seritage Defendants and the Sears estate in the Sears bankruptcy proceeding). On September 2, 2022, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York entered an order approving the settlement and, on October 18, 2022, the Litigation was dismissed. While the Company believes that the claims against the Seritage Defendants in the Litigation were without merit, the Company entered into the settlement, without admitting any fault or wrongdoing, in order to avoid the continued imposition of legal defense costs, distraction, and the uncertainty and risk inherent in any litigation. The Company made a settlement payment of million based on the Company s contributions to the settlement of the Litigation. This payment is recorded as litigation settlement in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. On March 2, 2021, the Company brought a lawsuit in Delaware state court against QBE Insurance Corporation, Endurance American Insurance Company, Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Company and Continental Casualty Company, each of which are D O insurance providers of the Company (the D O Insurers ). The Company s lawsuit is seeking, among other things, declaratory relief and money damages as a result of certain of the D O Insurers refusal to pay certain costs and expenses related to the defense of the Litigation discussed above. Any amounts received from the insurers will offset the Seritage Defendants contribution. The Company reached settlement agreements with two of the D O Insurers for gross proceeds of million which is recorded in interest and other income in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company reached a settlement agreement with the other two D O Insurers for gross proceeds of million. In addition to the litigation described above, the Company is subject, from time to time, to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business and due to the current environment. While the resolution of such matters cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes, based on currently available information, that the final outcome of such matters will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or liquidity of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 , and 2021, the Company did not record any amounts for litigation or other matters. 

 F- 30 

N 
 of the outstanding Class A shares as of December 31, 2022. Subsidiaries of Holdco, as lessees, and subsidiaries of the Company, as lessors, were parties to the Holdco Master Lease and subsidiaries of Sears Holdings, as lessees, and subsidiaries of the Company, as lessors, were parties to the Original Master Lease (see Note 5). Winthrop Capital Advisors On December 29, 2021, the Company entered into a Services Agreement with Winthrop Capital Advisors LLC to provide additional staffing to the Company. On January 7, 2022, the Company announced that John Garilli, an employee of Winthrop, has been appointed interim chief financial officer on a full-time basis, effective January 14, 2022. The Company pays Winthrop a monthly fee of million and reimbursement for certain employee expenses. Unconsolidated Entities Certain unconsolidated entities have engaged the Company to provide management, leasing, construction supervision and development services at the properties owned by the unconsolidated entities. Refer to Note 2 for the Company s significant accounting policies. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 , the Company incurred development expenditures at properties owned by certain unconsolidated entities for which the Company will be repaid by the respective unconsolidated entities. These amounts are included in tenant and other receivables, net on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company had incurred million of these development expenditures. The Company has certain put rights on properties held by the Unconsolidated Entities, which may require the Company s partner to buy out the Company s investment in such properties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exercised its put rights on properties to two of its partners. The Company closed on the sale of the three of the previously exercised put rights during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 interest in the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022. 

Class A common shares were issued and outstanding. Class A shares have a par value of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , OP Units were exchanged for an equal number of Class A shares. Class B Non-Economic Common Shares As of December 31, 2022 , there were Class B non-economic common shares issued or outstanding. Series A Preferred Shares In December 2017, the Company issued Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares (the Series A Preferred Shares in a public offering at per share. The Company received net proceeds from the offering of approximately million, after deducting payment of the underwriting discount and offering expenses. On and after December 14, 2022, the Company may redeem any or all of the Series A Preferred Shares at per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. The Series A Preferred Shares have no stated maturity, are not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless the Company redeems or otherwise repurchases them or they are converted. Dividends and Distributions The Company s Board of Trustees has not declared dividends on the Company s Class A common shares during 2022 or 2021. The last dividend on the Company s Class A and C common shares that the Board of Trustees declared was on February 25, 2019, which was paid on April 11, 2019 to shareholders of record on March 29, 2019. Our Board of Trustees will determine future distributions following the pay down of the Term Loan Facility. 

2022 

November 1 
 
 December 30 
 
 January 16, 2023 

July 26 
 
 September 30 
 
 October 17 

April 26 
 
 June 30 
 
 July 15 

February 16 
 
 March 31 
 
 April 15 

2021 

October 26 
 
 December 31 
 
 January 14, 2022 

July 27 
 
 September 30 
 
 October 15 

April 27 
 
 June 30 
 
 July 15 

February 23 
 
 March 31 
 
 April 15 

F- 32 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Preferred dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders - Basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Denominator - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding 

Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - Basic 

Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - Diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to Class A and common shareholders - Basic 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to Class A and common shareholders - Diluted 

() 

() 

() 

No adjustments were made to the numerator for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 because the Company generated a net loss. During periods of net loss, undistributed losses are not allocated to the participating securities as they are not required to absorb losses. No adjustments were made to the denominator for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 because (i) the inclusion of outstanding non-vested restricted shares would have had an anti-dilutive effect and (ii) including the non-controlling interest in the Operating Partnership would also require that the share of Operating Partnership loss attributable to such interests be added back to net loss, therefore, resulting in no effect on earnings per share. As of December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, there were , and shares, respectively, of non-vested restricted shares outstanding. 

 . The Plan provides for grants of restricted shares, share units, other share-based awards, options, and share appreciation rights, each as defined in the Plan (collectively, the Awards ). Directors, officers, other employees, and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates are eligible for Awards. Restricted Shares and Share Units Pursuant to the Plan, the Company has periodically made grants of restricted shares or share units. The vesting terms of these grants are specific to the individual grant and vary in that a portion of the restricted shares and share units vest in equal annual amounts over the subsequent (time-based vesting) and a portion of the restricted shares and share units vest on the third, and in some instances, the fourth anniversary of the grants subject to the achievement of certain performance criteria (performance-based and market-based vesting). In general, participating employees are required to remain employed for vesting to occur (subject to certain limited exceptions). Restricted shares and share units that do not vest are forfeited. Dividends on restricted shares and share units with time-based vesting are paid to holders of such shares and share units and are not returnable, even if the underlying shares or share units do not ultimately vest. Dividends on restricted shares and share units with performance-based vesting are accrued when declared and paid to holders of such shares on the third, and in some instances, the fourth anniversary of the initial grant subject to the vesting of the underlying shares. See Note 2 for valuation information related to the grants of the awards that are subject to market-based vesting conditions. 

Restricted shares and share units granted 

Restricted shares and share units vested 

() 

() 

() 

Restricted shares and share units forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Unvested restricted shares and share units at end of period 

The Company recognized million in share-based compensation expense related to the restricted shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 . The Company recognized share-based compensation of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company recognized share-based compensation of million for the year ended December 31, 2020 offset by million of forfeitures of unvested shares related to the resignation of certain executives. Compensation expenses related to the restricted shares are included in general and administrative expenses on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 , there were approximately million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the outstanding restricted shares which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. As of December 31, 2021 , there were million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to the outstanding restricted shares which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. In light of the actions taken by the Board of Trustees to commence a process to review a broad range of strategic alternatives, on March 9, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee approved certain modifications to the Company s existing performance-based compensation programs to reflect the Company s current focus on this strategic process and approved retention incentives to employees whose efforts will be critical to the execution of the strategic review process in the coming months. These actions include: (i) amending the Company s 2021 annual equity award program, pursuant to which grants are scheduled to be made in 2022 to be comprised entirely of time-based restricted stock units (rather than a mix of time-based and performance-based restricted stock units), which will vest ratably over a period of , subject to acceleration provisions in the event of certain termination of employment events; (ii) amending the Company s annual cash bonus program to provide that annual cash bonuses for the 2022 performance year will be paid to employees who are eligible to receive a bonus in an amount equal to each individual s target annual cash bonus incentive; and (iii) amending the Company s 2022 and future annual equity award programs to provide for awards that would be scheduled to be granted in 2023 and subsequent years to be comprised of cash awards, in lieu of any further equity awards, with the cash awards to be in an amount equal to the eligible individual s annual target equity award value and, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee at the time of grant, subject to the vesting conditions applicable to the 2021 annual equity award program above. No previously granted awards were modified during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 F- 34 

() 

(4) 

Glendale 
 
 AZ 

(3) 

- 

() 

() 

(4) 

Mesa/East 
 
 AZ 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Phoenix 
 
 AZ 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Phoenix-Desert Sky 
 
 AZ 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Yuma 
 
 AZ 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

El Cajon 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

El Centro 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Fresno 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Merced 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

- 

() 

(4) 

Riverside 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Riverside 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

San Bernardino 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Temecula 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Thousand Oaks 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

West Covina 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

West Covina 
 
 CA 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Thornton 
 
 CO 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Waterford 
 
 CT 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Boca Raton 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Clearwater/Cntrysd 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Doral(Miami) 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Ft Myers 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Hialeah/Westland 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Lakeland 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Miami 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Orlando Colonial 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Panama City 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Pensacola 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Plantation 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

St Petersburg 
 
 FL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Cedar Rapids 
 
 IA 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Costs Capitalized 

Gross Amount at Which Carried 

Acquisition Costs 

Subsequent to Acquisition (1) 

at Close of Period (2) 

Life Upon Which 

Buildings and 

Buildings and 

Buildings and 

Accumulated 

Date 
 
 Depreciation 

City 
 
 State 
 
 Encumbrances 

Land 

Improvements 

Land 

Improvements 

Land 

Improvements 

Total 

Depreciation 

Acquired 
 
 is Computed 

Chicago 
 
 IL 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Lombard 
 
 IL 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

N Riverside 
 
 IL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Orland Park 
 
 IL 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Springfield 
 
 IL 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Steger 
 
 IL 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Ft Wayne 
 
 IN 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Merrillville 
 
 IN 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Braintree 
 
 MA 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Bowie 
 
 MD 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Edgewater 
 
 MD 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Burnsville 
 
 MN 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Maplewood 
 
 MN 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

St Paul 
 
 MN 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Kearney 
 
 NE 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Manchester 
 
 NH 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Las Vegas(Meadows) 
 
 NV 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Reno 
 
 NV 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Albany 
 
 NY 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

East Northport 
 
 NY 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Rochester-Greece 
 
 NY 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Yorktown Hts 
 
 NY 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Hicksville 
 
 NYC 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Watchung 
 
 NYC 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Canton 
 
 OH 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Dayton Mall 
 
 OH 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Mentor 
 
 OH 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Middleburg Hts 
 
 OH 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Okla City/Sequoyah 
 
 OK 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Happy Valley 
 
 OR 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

King of Prussia 
 
 PA 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Chrlstn/Northwoods 
 
 SC 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Costs Capitalized 

Gross Amount at Which Carried 

Acquisition Costs 

Subsequent to Acquisition (1) 

at Close of Period (2) 

Life Upon Which 

Buildings and 

Buildings and 

Buildings and 

Accumulated 

Date 
 
 Depreciation 

City 
 
 State 
 
 Encumbrances 

Land 

Improvements 

Land 

Improvements 

Land 

Improvements 

Total 

Depreciation 

Acquired 
 
 is Computed 

Cordova 
 
 TN 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Memphis/Poplar 
 
 TN 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Austin 
 
 TX 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Central Park 
 
 TX 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

El Paso 
 
 TX 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Houston 
 
 TX 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Ingram 
 
 TX 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Irving 
 
 TX 

(3) 

() 

() 

() 

(4) 

Shepherd 
 
 TX 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Valley View 
 
 TX 

(3) 

() 

- 

- 

(4) 

Layton 
 
 UT 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Fairfax 
 
 VA 

(3) 

() 

(4) 

Warrenton 
 
 VA 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Redmond-Overlake Pk 
 
 WA 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Greendale 
 
 WI 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Madison-West 
 
 WI 

(3) 

() 

() 

(4) 

Various 

(3) 

n/a 
 
 (4) 

() 

() 

(1) Includes reductions related to partial site sales and impairment of long-lived assets. 	 

 (2) The aggregate cost of land, building and improvements for U.S. federal income tax purposes is approximately 1.6 billion. 

 (3) The Term Loan Facility is secured on a first lien basis by individual mortgages and a pledge of the capital stock of the direct subsidiaries of the Company, including those that own each of the Company s properties. See Note 6. 

 (4) Depreciation is computed based on the following estimated useful lives: 

Building: 

Site improvements: 

Tenant improvements: 

SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES NOTES TO SCHEDULE III (Dollars in thousands) Reconciliation of Real Estate 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at beginning of year 

Additions 

Impairments 

() 

() 

() 

Dispositions 

() 

() 

() 

Write-offs 

(1,881) 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Reconciliation of Accumulated Depreciation 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at beginning of year 

Depreciation expense 

Dispositions 

() 

() 

() 

Write-offs 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

F- 38 

<EX-10>
 2
 srg-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.2 
 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 OF SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES, L.P. 
 THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP of Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. (the Partnership ), dated January 4, 2023 (this Agreement ), is entered into between the undersigned (herein called the Partners, which term shall include any persons hereafter admitted to the Partnership and shall exclude any persons who cease to be Partners). 
 WHEREAS, the Partnership was formed as a limited partnership under the laws of the State of Delaware including, without limitation, the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the Delaware Act on April 22, 2015; 
 WHEREAS, the initial general partner and limited partners of the Partnership entered into an original agreement of limited partnership of the Partnership, effective as of July 7, 2015 (the Original Partnership Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, the Original Partnership Agreement was amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, effective as of December 14, 2017 (the Prior Partnership Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, effective January 1, 2022, Seritage Growth Properties, a Maryland real estate investment trust and the general partner of the Partnership (the General Partner ), revoked its election to be a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 WHEREAS, on July 6, 2022, ESL Partners, L.P. and Edward S. Lampert, as limited partners of the Partnership, exercised their redemption rights with respect to all of their Common Units (as defined in the Prior Partnership Agreement), and the General Partner elected to acquire all of such tendered Common Units in exchange for the REIT Shares Amount (as defined in the Prior Partnership Agreement) (the Exchange ); 
 WHEREAS, simultaneously with the Exchange, the General Partner transferred 12,354,963 Common Units to SRG Limited Partner, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SRG Limited Partner ), and SRG Limited Partner was admitted as a limited partner of the Partnership. SRG Limited Partner is a wholly owned subsidiary of the General Partner and is disregarded as a separate entity from the General Partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 WHEREAS, the Partners of the Partnership are Seritage Growth Properties, as the General Partner and a limited partner, and SRG Limited Partner, as a limited partner; and 
 WHEREAS, Seritage Growth Properties and SRG Limited Partner believe it is desirable and in the best interest of the Partnership to amend and restate the Prior Partnership Agreement as set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 ARTICLE I GENERAL PROVISIONS 

1.1 Continuation 

The Partners hereby agree to continue the limited partnership (the Partnership pursuant to and in accordance with the Delaware Act. The term of the Partnership commenced on April 22, 2015 and shall continue until dissolution of the Partnership in accordance with the provisions of Article V. 
 1.2 Partnership Name 

The name of the Partnership is Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. 
 1.3 Registered Agent; Place of Business and Office 

The registered agent of the Partnership for service of process in the State of Delaware and the registered office of the Partnership in the State of Delaware is at The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange St., Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The principal place of business of the Partnership shall be at 500 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1530, New York, New York 10110, or such other place as the General Partner may determine. 
 1.4 Fiscal Year 

The fiscal year of the Partnership (the Fiscal Year for accounting and tax purposes shall be the calendar year. The General Partner is authorized to take such action as it may deem necessary or appropriate to adopt a Fiscal Year ending on any other date. The General Partner is also authorized to make all elections for tax or other purposes as it may deem necessary or appropriate in such connection, including the establishment and implementation of transition periods. 
 1.5 General Partner 

The general partner of the Partnership is Seritage Growth Properties. 
 1.6 Limited Partners 

The limited partners of the Partnership (the Limited Partners are Seritage Growth Properties and SRG Limited Partner, LLC. 
 1.7 Liability of Partners 

Except as provided herein or by the Delaware Act, the General Partner shall have the liabilities of a partner in a partnership without limited partners. The Limited Partners shall have no liability under this Agreement except as provided herein or by the Delaware Act. 
 - 2 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 1.8 Purposes of the Partnership 

The purpose of the Partnership is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which limited partnerships may be organized under the Delaware Act. 
 1.9 Reliance by Third Parties 

Persons dealing with the Partnership are entitled to rely conclusively upon the power and authority of the General Partner as herein set forth. 
 ARTICLE II MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS OF THE PARTNERSHIP 

2.1 Management Generally 

The management of the Partnership shall be vested exclusively in the General Partner. The Limited Partners shall have no part in the management or control of the Partnership and shall have no authority or right to act on behalf of the Partnership in connection with any matter. 
 2.2 Authority of the General Partner 

The General Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to carry out any and all of the objects and purposes of the Partnership set forth in Section 1.8 and to perform all acts which it may deem necessary or advisable. 
 Each of the Partners agrees that all determinations, decisions and actions made or taken by the General Partner shall be conclusive and absolutely binding upon the Partnership, the Partners and their respective successors, assigns and personal representatives. 
 2.3 Tax Matters 

The Partners intend that the Partnership will be treated as disregarded as a separate entity from Seritage Growth Properties for U.S. federal, state and local tax purposes, and agree that the Partners shall not take any action inconsistent with such treatment without the prior written consent of the General Partner. 
 ARTICLE III CONTRIBUTIONS 

3.1 Capital Contributions of the General Partner 

The General Partner has made capital contributions to the Partnership in such amounts as are reflected on the books and records of the Partnership. The General Partner may, but is not required to, lend any funds or make additional capital contributions to the Partnership. 
 - 3 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 3.2 Capital Contributions of the Limited Partners 

The Limited Partners have made capital contributions to the Partnership in such amount as is reflected on the books and records of the Partnership. The Limited Partners are not required to lend any funds or to make additional capital contributions to the Partnership. 
 ARTICLE IV DISTRIBUTIONS 

The Partnership shall make all distributions to the Partners at the times and in the amounts that the General Partner determines. Distributions will be made to the Partners pro rata (based upon value) in accordance with the Partners relative equity interests (which are set out in Exhibit A). 

ARTICLE V DURATION 

The Partnership shall continue until the General Partner s determination to dissolve the Partnership and to wind up the Partnership s affairs. 
 ARTICLE VI TRANSFERABILITY OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 

6.1 Transfer 

No Partner may sell, exchange, transfer, assign, make a gift of, donate, bequeath, devise, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part of its interest in the Partnership without the consent of the General Partner. 
 6.2 Payment Upon Withdrawal 

Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, unless the General Partner determines otherwise, no distribution shall be paid to a Partner upon its withdrawal, whether in the connection with the voluntary assignment of its entire partnership interest or otherwise. 
 ARTICLE VII ADMISSION OF LIMITED PARTNERS 

The General Partner may cause the Partnership to admit additional limited partners Additional Limited Partners at any time. 
 - 4 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 ARTICLE VIII INDEMNIFICATION AND EXCULPATION 

8.1 Indemnification . 

(a) The Partnership shall indemnify an Indemnitee (as defined below) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the Partnership as set forth in this Agreement in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, unless (i) it is established that the act or omission of the Indemnitee constituted fraud, intentional harm or gross negligence on the part of the Indemnitee; (ii) the claim is brought by the Indemnitee (other than to enforce the Indemnitee s rights to indemnification or advance of expenses); or (iii) the Indemnitee is found to be liable to the Partnership, and then only with respect to each such claim. Without limitation, the foregoing indemnity shall extend to any liability of any Indemnitee, pursuant to a loan guaranty or otherwise, for any indebtedness of the Partnership or any Subsidiary of the Partnership (including, without limitation, any indebtedness that the Partnership or any Subsidiary of the Partnership has assumed or taken subject to), and the General Partner is hereby authorized and empowered, on behalf of the Partnership, to enter into one or more indemnity agreements consistent with the provisions of this Section 8.1 in favor of any Indemnitee having or potentially having liability for any such indebtedness. The termination of any proceeding by judgment, order or settlement does not create a presumption that the Indemnitee did not meet the requisite standard of conduct set forth in this Section 8.1(a) . The termination of any proceeding by conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, or any entry of an order of probation prior to judgment, creates a rebuttable presumption that the Indemnitee acted in a manner contrary to that specified in this Section 8.1(a). Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 8.1 shall be made only out of the assets of the Partnership. 

(b) Reasonable expenses incurred by an Indemnitee who is a party to a proceeding may be paid or reimbursed by the Partnership in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding upon receipt by the Partnership of (i) a written affirmation by the Indemnitee of the Indemnitee s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Partnership as authorized in Section 8.1(a) has been met and (ii) a written undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay the amount if it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. 

(c) The indemnification provided by this Section 8.1 shall be in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee or any other Person may be entitled under any agreement, pursuant to any vote of the Partners, as a matter of law or otherwise, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to serve in such capacity. 

(d) The Partnership may purchase and maintain insurance, on behalf of the Indemnitees and such other Persons as the General Partner shall determine, against any liability that may be asserted against or expenses that may be incurred by such Person in connection with the Partnership s activities, regardless of whether the Partnership would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement. 

- 5 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 (e) For purposes of this Section 8.1 , the Partnership shall be deemed to have requested an Indemnitee to serve as fiduciary of an employee benefit plan whenever the performance by it of its duties to the Partnership also imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, it to the plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on an Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to applicable law shall constitute fines within the meaning of this Section 8.1 ; and actions taken or omitted by the Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan in the performance of its duties for a purpose reasonably believed by it to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the plan shall be deemed to be for a purpose which is not opposed to the best interests of the Partnership. 

(f) In no event may an Indemnitee subject the Limited Partners to personal liability by reason of the indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement. 

(g) An Indemnitee shall not be denied indemnification in whole or in part under this Section 8.1 because the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to which the indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement. 

(h) The provisions of this Section 8.1 are for the benefit of the Indemnitees, their heirs, successors, assigns and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit of any other persons. Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 8.1 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitations on the Partnership s liability to any Indemnitee under this Section 8.1 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted. 

(i) If and to the extent any reimbursements to the General Partner pursuant to this Section 8.1 constitute gross income of the General Partner (as opposed to the repayment of advances made by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership) such amounts shall constitute guaranteed payments within the meaning of section 707(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the Code ), shall be treated consistently therewith by the Partnership and all Partners, and shall not be treated as distributions for purposes of computing the Partners Capital Accounts. 

(j) Indemnitee means (i) any person made a party, or threatened to be made a party, to a proceeding by reason of his, her or its status as (a) Seritage Growth Properties, (b) the General Partner or (c) a director, trustee, officer, or employee of Seritage Growth Properties, the General Partner or the Partnership, and (ii) such other persons (including, without limitation, affiliates, officers, employees and agents of Seritage Growth Properties, the General Partner or the Partnership or any of their respective Subsidiaries) as the General Partner may designate from time to time (whether before or after the event giving rise to potential liability), in its sole and absolute discretion. Subsidiary means, with respect to any person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity of which 50 or more of (i) the voting power of the voting equity securities or (ii) the outstanding equity interests is owned, directly or indirectly, by such person. 

8.2 Liability of the General Partner 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the 

- 6 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 General Partner shall not be liable or accountable in damages or otherwise to the Partnership, any Partners or any Assignees for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits derived as a result of errors in judgment or mistakes of fact or law or any act or omission except in the event of the General Partner s willful misconduct or recklessness. 

(b) The Limited Partners expressly acknowledge that the General Partner is acting for the benefit of the Partnership, the Limited Partners and the General Partner s shareholders collectively, that the General Partner is under no obligation to give priority to the separate interests of the Limited Partners or the General Partner s shareholders (including, without limitation, the tax consequences to Limited Partners or Assignees or to shareholders) in deciding whether to cause the Partnership to take (or decline to take) any actions and that the General Partner shall not be liable to the Partnership or to any Partner for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred, or benefits not derived by Limited Partners in connection with such decisions, except in the event of the General Partner s willful misconduct or recklessness. 

(c) Subject to its obligations and duties as General Partner set forth in Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 , the General Partner may exercise any of the powers granted to it by this Agreement and perform any of the duties imposed upon it hereunder either directly or by or through its agents. The General Partner shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent appointed by it, except in the event of the General Partner s willful misconduct or recklessness. 

(d) Any amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 8.2 or any provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way affect the limitations on the General Partner s liability to the Partnership and the Limited Partners under this Section 8.2 as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may arise or be asserted. 

8.3 Other Matters Concerning the General Partner 

(a) The General Partner may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, debenture, or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. 

(b) The General Partner may consult with legal counsel, accountants, appraisers, management consultants, investment bankers and other consultants and advisers selected by it, and any act taken or omitted to be taken in reliance upon the advice or opinion of such persons as to matters which such General Partner reasonably believes to be within such person s professional or expert competence shall be conclusively presumed to have been done or omitted in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion. 

(c) The General Partner shall have the right, in respect of any of its powers or obligations hereunder, to act through any of its duly authorized officers and a duly appointed attorney or attorneys-in-fact. Each such attorney shall, to the extent provided by the General Partner in the power of attorney, have full power and authority to do and perform all and every act 

- 7 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 and duty which is permitted or required to be done by the General Partner hereunder. 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement or any nonmandatory provision of the Act, any action of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership or any decision of the General Partner to refrain from acting on behalf of the Partnership, undertaken in the good faith belief that such action or omission is necessary or advisable in order (i) to protect the ability of the General Partner to qualify as a REIT through December 31, 2021 or (ii) to avoid the General Partner incurring any taxes under section 857 or section 4981 of the Code for any taxable period ended on or before December 31, 2021, is expressly authorized under this Agreement and is deemed approved by all of the Limited Partners. 

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 

9.1 Amendments to the Agreement 

This Agreement may be changed or amended by the General Partner without the consent of the Limited Partners. 
 9.2 Governing Law; Severability 

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. In particular, it shall be construed to the maximum extent possible to comply with all of the terms and conditions of the Delaware Act. If, nevertheless, it shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that any provision or wording of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable under the Delaware Act or other applicable law, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the entire agreement. In that case, this Agreement shall be construed to the extent permitted by applicable law so as to limit any term or provision so as to make it enforceable or valid within the requirements of any applicable law, and, in the event such term or provision cannot be so limited, this Agreement shall be construed to omit such invalid or unenforceable provisions. 
 9.3 Power of Attorney 

The Limited Partners do hereby constitute and appoint the General Partner as their true and lawful representatives and attorneys-in-fact, in their name, place and stead to make, execute, sign and file any such instruments, documents and certificates which may from time to time be required by the laws of the United States of America, the State of Delaware or any other state in which the Partnership shall determine to do business or any political subdivision or agency thereof, to effectuate, implement and continue the valid and subsisting existence or qualification to do business of the Partnership or in connection with any tax returns, filings or related matters or in relation to any admissions of any Additional Limited Partners in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The power of attorney granted hereby is coupled with an interest and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the subsequent death, bankruptcy, incompetence or dissolution of any Limited Partner. 
 9.4 Effectiveness of Agreement 

- 8 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 In accordance with section 17-201 of the Delaware Act, this Agreement shall be effective as of July 6, 2022. 
 
 - 9 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 

- 10 - 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 
 
 The undersigned have executed and delivered this Agreement on the date first above written. 
 SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES as General Partner 
 
 By: 	 
 Name: 
 Title: Authorized Person 
 
 SERITAGE GROWTH PROPERTIES as Limited Partner 
 
 By: 	 
 Name: 
 Title: Authorized Person 
 
 SRG Limited partner, llc as Limited Partner 
 
 By: 	 
 Name: 
 Title: Authorized Person 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Seritage Growth Properties L.P.] 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 

EXHIBIT A 
 PARTNERS, CONTRIBUTIONS AND PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS 
 As of January 4, 2023 
 Common Units 

Name and Address of Partner 
 
 Economic Units 
 Economic Percentage Interest 

GENERAL PARTNER 

Seritage Growth Properties 
 31,856,054 
 56.85294 

LIMITED PARTNERS 

SRG Limited Partner, LLC 
 12,354,963 
 22.04968 

Seritage Growth Properties 
 11,821,364 
 21.09738 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 31293378 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 srg-ex10_34.htm
 EX-10.34

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.34 

Benjamin Schall 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 14, 2019 Eric Dinenberg 
 edinenberg@gmail.com 

Dear Eric, 
 
 We are pleased to extend to you our offer to join Seritage Growth Properties (the Company as Senior Vice President, Development and Construction, reporting to James Bry, Executive Vice President, Development and Construction. This position will be located at 500 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1530 New York, NY 10110, and we anticipate that you will commence employment with us on April 16, 2019. This letter (the Letter Agreement serves as confirmation of our offer, subject to the terms and conditions below. 
 
 The key elements of your compensation package and the other conditions of your employment are as follows: 
 
 1. Base Salary. Your annual base salary will be at a rate of 340,000. 

2. Sign-On Compensation. 

a. You will receive a one-time sign-on bonus of 25,000. (the Sign-On Bonus which will be payable within 30 days following your start date. You will also be paid 100,000 in March 2020, and 100,000 in March 2021, at the Company s election in cash or in stock. 

b. In the event you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company without Good Reason (as defined below) or are terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined below) within twelve (12) months immediately following your start date, you will be required to immediately repay the Sign-On Bonus. 

3. Annual Bonus and Awards. 

a. You will be eligible to participate in the Seritage Growth Properties Discretionary Incentive Program adopted by the Compensation Committee. Your bonus will be a combination of cash and equity, with the cash bonus target percentage being 40 of your base salary, and the equity bonus target percentage being 20 of your base salary, which will not be prorated for 2019. Any equity award will be subject to the vesting schedule set forth in the Discretionary Incentive Program. You must be actively employed by Seritage Growth Properties on the date that bonuses are distributed in order to receive an award, and all such awards are subject to approval by the Board of Directors. It should be noted that bonuses are discretionary, and may be higher or lower than your target depending on both personal and company performance. 

4. Termination. 

a. Your employment shall be at will and you may be terminated by the Company at any time with or without Cause. Cause shall mean (i) a material breach by you (other than a breach resulting from your incapacity due to death or a Disability) of your duties and responsibilities which breach is demonstrably willful and deliberate on your part, is committed in bad faith or without reasonable belief that such breach is in the best interests of the Company or the Company's affiliates and is not remedied in a reasonable period of time after receipt of 

Eric Dinenberg March 13, 2019 
 Page 2 
 
 written notice from the Company specifying such breach; or (ii) the conviction of you of a felony (other than vehicular-related). Disability shall mean disability as defined under the Company's long-term disability plan (regardless of whether you are a participant under such plan) or if no such plan exists, your inability by reason of disability to perform your duties for 180 consecutive days. 
 
 b. If you are terminated for Cause, you shall not be entitled to any of the benefits or amounts set forth in section 5 hereof (except with respect to section 5(c) to the extent required by law) and all Shares granted to you prior to the date of termination will be forfeited. 

5. Other Benefits and Compensation Matters. 

a. Severance . In the event you are terminated by the Company without Cause or resign for Good Reason (as defined below), (i) you shall be eligible for a cash severance payment equivalent to twelve (12) months of base salary (payable in equal installments over a twelve 

(12) month period) and a prorated Annual Bonus for the year of termination (based on performance of the Company for the full year in which the termination occurs). The payments and awards contemplated above shall be subject to you continuing to comply with sections 6, 7 and 8 hereof at all times and you signing a release, on the thirtieth (30 th day following termination of your employment, in a form satisfactory to the Company (a Release ). Good Reason shall mean, without your written consent, (1) a reduction of ten percent (10 or more of your annual base salary, annual cash bonus opportunity and annual equity grant opportunity from those in effect as of the date of this Letter Agreement or, if the reduction does not also apply to other senior executives of the Company equally, then a material reduction of the foregoing; (2) your mandatory relocation to an office more than twenty five (25) miles from the primary location at which you are required to perform your duties on your start date; (3) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of the terms of this Letter Agreement, including failure of a successor company to assume or fulfill the obligations under this Letter Agreement; (4) a material reduction in your duties or adverse change in title. In each case, you must provide the Company with written notice of the facts giving rise to a claim that Good Reason exists within ten (10) days of the occurrence of such facts, and the Company shall have a right to remedy such event within sixty (60) days after receipt of such written notice. 
 
 b. Change of Control . In the event there is a change in control of the Company, the Shares granted to you shall be treated as set forth in the Equity Plan and underlying award agreements as established by the Compensation Committee. 

c. Vacation . You will be eligible to receive up to four weeks of paid vacation per year to be taken in accordance with Company policy at that time, which shall be prorated during you first year of service based on your start date. 

d. Benefits . You will be eligible to participate in all retirement, life insurance, health and welfare programs on a basis no less favorable than other senior executives of the Company, in accordance with the applicable terms, conditions and availability of those programs. 

e. Section 409A . If you are a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended) Section 409A ), to the extent required by Section 409A, you will not be entitled to receive the benefits of section 5(a) hereof until the first (1 st day of the seventh (7 th month following the date of termination of your employment. 

Eric Dinenberg March 13, 2019 
 Page 3 

6. Non-Solicitation of Employees. During your employment with the Company and for twelve (12) months following the termination of your employment with the Company, you will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any person to leave her/his employment with the Company or hire or assist in any way with the hiring of any Company employee by any future employer or other entity. 

7. Non-Competition. You acknowledge that as a result of your position at the Company, you have learned or developed, or will learn or develop, confidential information and that use or disclosure of such confidential information is likely to occur if you were to render advice or services to any Seritage Competitor (as defined below). For twelve (12) months following the termination of your employment with the Company, you will not, directly or indirectly, aid, assist, participate in, consult with, render services for, accept a position with, become employed by, or otherwise enter into any relationship with (other than having a passive ownership interest in or being a customer of) any Seritage Competitor. For purposes of this Letter Agreement, Seritage Competitor means the companies listed on Appendix A , each of which you acknowledge is a Seritage Competitor. 

8. Confidentiality. You will not, during the term of your employment with the Company or thereafter, and other than in the performance of your duties and obligations during your employment with the Company or as required by law or legal process, and except as the Company may otherwise consent or direct in writing, reveal or disclose, sell, use, lecture upon or publish any confidential information of the Company. You further agree that the existence and terms of this Letter Agreement, including any compensation paid to you, and discussions with the Company regarding this Letter Agreement, shall be considered confidential and shall not be disclosed or communicated in any manner except: 

(a) as required by law or legal process; (b) to your spouse or domestic partner; (c) to your financial/legal advisors, all of whom shall agree to keep such information confidential; or (d) if such Letter Agreement is hereafter publicly filed by the Company. 
 
 9. Irreparable Harm. You acknowledge that irreparable harm would result from any breach by you of sections 6, 7, and/or 8 hereof, and that monetary damages alone would not provide adequate relief for any such breach. Accordingly, if you breach or threaten to breach this Letter Agreement, the Company may seek injunctive relief in favor of the Company without the necessity of the Company posting a bond. Moreover, any award of injunctive relief shall not preclude the Company from seeking or recovering any lawful compensatory damages which may have resulted from a breach of this Letter Agreement. 

10. Cooperation. You agree, without receiving additional compensation, to reasonably cooperate with the Company, both during and after the period of employment with the Company, with respect to matters that relate to your period of employment, in all investigations, potential litigation or litigation in which the Company is involved or may become involved other than any such investigations, potential litigation or litigation between the Company and you. The Company will reimburse you for reasonable travel and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with any such investigations, potential litigation or litigation. 

11. Future Enforcement or Remedy. Any waiver, or failure to seek enforcement or remedy for any breach or suspected breach, of any provision of this Letter Agreement by the Company or you in any instance shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision in the future. 

12. Severability. If any provision(s) of this Letter Agreement shall be found invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision(s) shall be modified or restricted so as to effectuate as nearly as possible in a valid and enforceable way the provisions hereof, or shall be deemed excised from this Letter Agreement, as the case may require, and this Letter Agreement shall 

Eric Dinenberg March 13, 2019 
 Page 4 
 
 be construed and enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, as if such provision(s) had been originally incorporated herein as so modified or restricted or as if such provision(s) had not been originally incorporated herein, as the case may be. 
 
 13. Governing Law. This Letter Agreement will be governed under the internal laws of the state of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. You agree that the state and federal courts located in the state of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any action, lawsuit or proceeding based on or arising out of this Letter Agreement, and you hereby: (a) submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consent to the service of process in connection with any action, suit, or proceeding against you; and (c) waive any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction, venue or service of process. 

14. Right to Jury. You agree to waive any right to a jury trial on any claim contending that this Letter Agreement or any Release is illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, and you agree to try any claims brought in a court or tribunal without use of a jury or advisory jury. 

15. Entire Agreement. This Letter Agreement contains and comprises the entire understanding and agreement between you and the Company and fully supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and may be amended only by a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

16. Tax Withholding. Any compensation paid or provided to you under this Letter Agreement shall be subject to any applicable federal, state or local income and employment tax withholding requirements. 

17. Assignment. The Company may assign its rights under this Letter Agreement to any successor by merger, consolidation, or sale of assets. This Letter Agreement shall be binding whether it is between the Company and you or between any such successor and you. 

18. Counterparts. This Letter Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, which together shall constitute a valid and binding agreement. 

19. Section 409A Compliance. 

a. To the extent that a payment or benefit under this Letter Agreement is subject to Section 409A, it is intended that this Letter Agreement as applied to that payment or benefit comply with the requirements of Section 409A, and the Letter Agreement shall be administered and interpreted consistent with this intent. 

b. With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses of in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of your taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 

c. For purposes of Section 409A, your right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Letter Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Letter Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days e.g. , payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of 

Eric Dinenberg March 13, 2019 
 Page 5 
 
 termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company. 
 
 20. Employee Representation. You hereby represent to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Letter Agreement by you and the Company and the performance by you of your duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which you are a party or otherwise bound, and further that you are not subject to any limitation on your activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which you have entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate you for Cause or not permit you to commence employment. 

21. Background Check. This offer, and your employment by the Company, is contingent upon completion (satisfactory to the Company) of a background reference check, employment authorization verification, and the submission of required documents. 

Eric, we are looking forward to you joining the Company. We are excited about the important contributions you will make to the Company and look forward to your acceptance of our offer. If you need additional information or clarification, please call. 
 
 This offer will expire if not accepted within five (5) days from the date of this letter. To accept, sign below and return this letter to my attention. 
 
 Sincerely, 

Benjamin Schall 
 President Chief Executive Officer bschall@seritage.com 
 
 Enclosures 

[Letter Agreement Acceptance Signature Page Follows] 

I understand and am in agreement with the above terms and conditions of my prospective employment, including the employee representations set forth in the Letter Agreement. In addition, I consent to references and a background check. I acknowledge that this Letter Agreement embodies our entire employment agreement. My acceptance of this offer is made voluntarily and after careful consideration. 

Eric Dinenberg	Date 

[Letter Agreement Acceptance Signature Page] 

APPENDIX A 
 Seritage Competitors 

Ggp Simon Macerich Westfield Rouse 
 Wp glimcher Kimco Brixmor 
 Cbl Starwood 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 srg-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Seritage Growth Properties, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage SRC Finance LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage KMT Finance LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage SRC Mezzanine Finance LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage KMT Mezzanine Finance LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage Management LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage GS Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage SPS Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage MS Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage GS Holdings (2017) LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG Mark 302 Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Mark 302 JV LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Mark 302 Property Owner LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG UTC Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SI UTC LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SI UTC Property Owner LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRC WH Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SF WH Joint Venture LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SF WH Property Owner LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRC NJ Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage JV Holdco LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG Landmark Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG Cockeysville Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG Tech Ridge Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Tech Ridge JV Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Tech Ridge JV Developer LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG Carson Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Seritage TRS LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG Riverside Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG West Covina Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG-FP Riverside JV LLC 
 
 Delaware 

SRG-FP West Covina JV LLC 
 
 Delaware 

West Covina Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

West Covina Property Owner LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Riverside (CA) Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 srg-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-205538 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-261418 on Form S-3 of our reports dated March 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Seritage Growth Properties and the effectiveness of Seritage Growth Properties internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 srg-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andrea Olshan, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Seritage Growth Properties; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Andrea Olshan 
 
 Date: March 14, 2023 

Andrea Olshan 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 srg-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, John Garilli, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Seritage Growth Properties; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John Garilli 
 
 Date: March 14, 2023 

John Garilli 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 srg-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Seritage Growth Properties, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Andrea Olshan, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Andrea Olshan 

Andrea Olshan 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 14, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Seritage Growth Properties and will be retained by Seritage Growth Properties and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 srg-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Seritage Growth Properties, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, John Garilli, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ John Garilli 

John Garilli 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

March 14, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Seritage Growth Properties and will be retained by Seritage Growth Properties and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 srg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 srg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 srg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 srg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 srg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

