<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1421636_0001213900-23-025315.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9896825</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>321349</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1793216</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2245631</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2668729</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2673459</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025315.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331145533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025315
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			C-Bond Systems, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001421636
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTORS, NEC [6799]
		IRS NUMBER:				261315585
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53029
		FILM NUMBER:		23786829

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6035 SOUTH LOOP EAST
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832-649-5658

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6035 SOUTH LOOP EAST
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77033

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WestMountain Alternative Energy Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025315.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cbondsystems.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates based upon the closing price of 0.0115 per share of common stock as of June 30, 2022 (the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was . 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock are issued and
outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

None 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. 

FORM 10-K 

December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 13 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 13 
 
 Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 13 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 13 

PART II 
 
 14 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 14 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 15 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 15 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 27 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 27 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 27 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 27 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 28 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 28 

PART III 
 
 29 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 29 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 31 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 37 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 39 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 40 

PART IV 
 
 41 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 41 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 45 

Signatures 
 
 46 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements,
other than statements of historical facts, contained in this Report, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future
financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management and expected market growth, are forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, could, 
 will, would, should, expect, plan, , anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, intend, predict, seek, contemplate, project, 
 continue, potential, ongoing or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to obtain additional funds for our operations; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products and our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others; 

our reliance on third party distributors; 

the initiation, timing, progress and results of our research and development programs; 

our dependence on current and future collaborators for developing new products; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of our commercial products; 

the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for our business; 

our estimates of our expenses, losses, future revenue and capital requirements, including our needs for additional financing; 

our reliance on third party suppliers to supply the materials and components for our products; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified key management and technical personnel; 

our financial performance; 

the impact of government regulation and developments relating to our competitors or our industry; and 

other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption Risk Factors. 

These statements relate to
future events or our future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations
include, among other things, those listed under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 

Any forward-looking statement
in this Report reflects our current view with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions
relating to our business, results of operations, industry, and future growth. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Report completely
and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

This Report also contains
estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for certain glass strengthening solutions,
hydrophobic products, and window film mounting solutions, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets and their projected
growth rates. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties
and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise
expressly stated, we obtained these industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data
prepared by third parties, industry, and general publications, government data and similar sources. In some cases, we do not expressly
refer to the sources from which these data are derived. 

You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. Except as required by law, we
do not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect any events or circumstances,
whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise, after the date hereof. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements
that appear elsewhere in this Report. 

As used in this Report and
unless otherwise indicated, the terms C-Bond Systems, Inc., Company, we, us, or
 our refer to C-Bond Systems, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, C-Bond Systems, LLC, and its 80 owned subsidiary, Mobile
Tint, LLC, as the context may require. 

Overview 

We are a materials development
company and sole owner, developer, and manufacturer of the patented C-Bond technology. We are engaged in the implementation of proprietary
nanotechnology applications and processes to enhance properties of strength, functionality, and sustainability of brittle material systems.
Our primary focus is in the multi-billion-dollar glass and window film industry with target markets in the United States and internationally.
Additionally, we have expanded our product line to include disinfection products. We operate in two divisions: C-Bond Transportation Solutions
and Patriot Glass Solutions. C-Bond Transportation Solutions sells a windshield strengthening, water repellent solution called C-Bond
nanoShield as well as disinfection products. Patriot Glass Solutions sells multi-purpose glass strengthening primer and window
film mounting solutions, including C-Bond BRS, a ballistic-resistant film system, and C-Bond Secure, a forced entry system. 

On June 30, 2021, we entered
into a Share Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Exchange Agreement with (i) Mobile Tint LLC, a Texas limited
liability company doing business as A1 Glass Coating Mobile ), (ii) the sole member of Mobile (the Mobile Shareholder ),
and (iii) Michael Wanke as the Representative of the Mobile Shareholder. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, C-Bond agreed to acquire
80 of Mobile s units, representing 80 of Mobile s issued and outstanding capital stock (the Mobile Shares ).
On July 22, 2021, we closed the Exchange Agreement and acquired 80 of the Mobile Shares. Mobile provides quality window tint solutions
for auto, home, and business owners across Texas, specializing in automotive window tinting, residential window film, and commercial window
film that stop harmful UV rays from passing through its window films for reduced glare, comfortable temperatures, and lower energy bills.
Mobile also carries products that offer forced-entry protection and films that protect glass from scratches, graffiti, other types of
vandalism, and even bullets, including C-Bond BRS and C-Bond Secure products. 

We expect that our recent acquisition of
Mobile will be the springboard to provide glass security solutions across the United States. We recently launched Patriot Glass Solutions
to protect personal and business property across the United States using C-Bond s proprietary glass strengthening technology to
protect property from looting, rioting, break-ins, and gunfire. With our recent acquisition of Mobile, we are re-branding our Safety Solutions
Group as Patriot Glass Solutions. Patriot Glass Solutions primary products include C-Bond BRS, a ballistic-resistant
film system; and C-Bond Secure, a multi-purpose glass strengthening primer and window film mounting solution that deters forced entry. 

Our Business 

Product and Service Offerings 

C-Bond s core products
are patented, low-cost technologies that significantly increase the mechanical performance of glass. We have implemented the following
business structure integrating the Transportation Solutions Group and Patriot Glass Solutions. 

Transportation Solutions Group 

C-Bond Transportation Windshield Performance Solution 

C-Bond nanoShield 
is a patented, nanotechnology, windshield glass strengthening and hydrophobic (water repellent) all-in-one performance system. It is designed
to improve windshield safety and performance by increasing windshield chip and crack resistance and improving windshield visibility in
wet weather conditions to provide extended driver reaction time. We believe that C-Bond nanoShield is unique in the market and that
the product has no direct competitors. With C-Bond nanoShield, we intend to create new markets and channels in the aftermarket
automotive windshield segment, including fleets, automotive dealers, and service providers. 

1 

Disinfectant Products 

On May 20, 2020, we entered
into a two-year Distributor Agreement with an entity where we were appointed as a distributor to exclusively sell MB-10 Disinfectant Tablets
for use in certain markets. In February 2022, we and the entity amended the Distributor Agreement to include the sale of Vimoba Tablets
in those same markets and extended the term of the Distributor Agreement for another year. MB-10 Disinfectant Tablets are the most convenient
way yet to deliver the benefits of chlorine dioxide to hygiene or biosafety programs. MB-10 disinfectant tablets have one of the broadest,
most complete EPA registration labels on the market. It is a safe, easy, and effective way to disinfect a vehicle s interior using
an EPA registered disinfectant (Reg No.70060-19-46269) included on List N for use against human coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. It is proven effective
against emerging viral pathogens, including enveloped and large and small non-enveloped viruses. MB-10 Tablets provide fast-acting virus
and bacteria protection that is safe for all vehicle surfaces including LED screens and electronics without leaving a residue or odor.
Vimoba Tablets are 100 non-corrosive, chlorine dioxide producing tablets that maintain the exact same efficacy, EPA Label claims, dilution
rates and contact times as MB-10 Tablets, while including a buffering agent that makes the Vimoba solution completely non-corrosive on
stainless steel even after prolonged use or exposure and even when the solution dries on the surface. We were appointed
as a distributor to exclusively sell MB-10 Disinfectant Tablets and Vimoba Tablets for use in the following markets: 

Automotive, Trucking, RV, rental agencies (auto and truck), service vehicles (taxi, Uber, Lyft), mass transit (train, buses), golf carts, aviation, train, marine (potential future growth) 

Dealerships 

Global Distribution 

Service Providers 

Transportation Detailing. 

Patriot Glass Solutions 

C-Bond Secure Strengthening Primer and Window Film Mounting Solution 

C-Bond Secure is a patented,
non-toxic, water-based nanotechnology solution designed to significantly increase the strength of architectural glass and improve the
performance properties of window film-to-glass products. C-Bond Secure improves the performance of window film-to-glass products by reducing
glass breakage from impact and stress environments and filling the capillary voids on the glass surface to prevent the trapping of moisture
and impurities that impede cure time and adhesion between the glass and any succeeding window film product. This is important because
when glass does break, this nanotechnology improves the chances that no large shards/pieces will escape the immediate area of the glass
surface and result in serious laceration or personal injury. C-Bond Secure has been tested against untreated glass by third-party
laboratories and shown to outperform untreated glass in this capacity. C-Bond Secure faces market competition from basic soap and
water products (such as baby shampoo and dishwashing soap) as the recognized industry standard window film application solutions, which
we believe provide no structural benefits and are designed to wash hair and dishes, respectively. C-Bond Secure increases overall glass
strength, improves window film product performance, and can be used in conjunction with any manufacturer s film product. 

C-Bond BRS (Ballistic-Resistant Film System) 

C-Bond BRS is a patented,
nanotechnology Ballistic-Resistant Film System that increases the structural integrity of glass and provides National Institute of Justice
(NIJ) Level I, Level II, Level IIA, and Underwriter Laboratories (UL) 752 ballistic-resistant protection. C-Bond BRS includes a specified glass thickness
and glass type, the C-Bond window film mounting solution to improve the glass mechanical strength, and the C-Bond window film product.
This product is targeted to police, fire, emergency services, media outlets, schools, airports, and government buildings due to the utility
of ballistic-resistant glass protection in their respective fields. The C-Bond BRS system seeks to combine simplicity and affordability
with a one-way capability (the ability to shoot-out but prevent shooting in) ballistic protection compared to other costlier ballistic
resistant material (polycarbonate and glass laminate) products. 

Commercial Market Strategy 

We utilize a distributor
model to reach potential customers. This approach takes advantage of existing resources and facilitates relationships between us
and our enterprise partners to leverage their collective strengths. We require industry partners to generate economic growth, support
commercialization activities, provide more developed business networks, knowledge of and access to supply and demand channels, and supplement
limited financial resources. We and our industrial partners work together to determine scalability, adaptability, affordability, usability
and intellectual property. From a business perspective, the long-term scope and strategic benefits of our plug and play business strategy
are to be able to carry out business on a global basis at a lower cost and be better informed and more adaptive to changing market conditions,
which is dependent on securing these relationships. 

2 

C-Bond Authorized Distributor Network 

Our Authorized Distributor
Program focuses on channeling distribution agreements with industry specific business-to-business and original equipment manufacturing
customers to develop a global distribution network. This program aims to partner with high quality distributors that can grow revenues
and margins. For the year ended December 31, 2022, no customer accounted for over 10 of total sales. For the year ended December 31,
2022, all sales were in the United States. Almost all sales generated through Mobile are performed in Texas. No other geographical area
accounted for more than 10 of total sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A reduction in sales from or loss of our
customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

Suppliers 

Currently, we rely on two
main suppliers, Madico, Inc. and Eastman Performance Films, LLC, for our window film; one main supplier, Gelest, Inc., for our chemicals;
and one main supplier, Quip Laboratories, for disinfectant products. However, we believe that, if necessary, alternate window film
and chemical suppliers could be found without material disruption to our business. 

Intellectual Property 

To date, we have filed, licensed
and/or acquired a total of 23 individual patents and patent applications spanning core and strategic nano-technology applications and
processes. We intend to continue to expand our patent coverage. Our focus remains on building a patent portfolio that protects our core
intellectual property and delivers shareholder value. 

We own four provisional United
States patents and licenses, seven United States patents, and 12 foreign patents on a non-exclusive basis from William Marsh Rice University Rice University with claims directed toward various aspects of our current products and products under development including
the use of nanotechnology for glass strengthening and the processes and composition of our products. 

Pursuant to an agreement
dated April 8, 2016, between us and Rice University, Rice University has granted a non-exclusive license to us, in nanotube-based surface
treatment for strengthening glass and related materials under Rice s intellectual property rights, to use, make, distribute, offer
and sell the licensed products specified in the agreement. In consideration, we had to pay a one-time non-refundable license fee of 10,000
and royalty payments of 5 of net sales of the licensed products during the term of the agreement and a sell-off period of 180 days from
termination. In addition, we are required to pay for the maintenance of the patents. This agreement will continue until the expiration
of the last to expire of the licensed property rights, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the agreement. To date,
no royalties have been due under this agreement. 

The C-Bond 
and C-Bond nanoShield names and logos are registered trademarks issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 

Research and Development 

We did not incur any research and development expenses during 2022. 

Competition 

C-Bond nanoshield Windshield Performance System 

We believe we have no direct
competition in the windshield glass strengthening space. 

C-Bond nanoShield also provides
a complementary hydrophobic or water repellent quality. There are competitors in this space, including Rain-X, AquaPel, and Diamon-Fusion.
We believe these products do not provide chip or crack resistance and have hydrophobic properties that degrade sooner than C-Bond nanoShield.
Accordingly, management believes there is no product that is truly comparable to C-Bond nanoShield currently on the market. We had
the performance of C-Bond nanoShield verified at our request, based on a modified chip test for paint on metal parts, SAEJ 400, to provide
windshield glass chip protection when compared to untreated glass. 

3 

C-Bond Secure Glass Strengthening Primer and
Window Film Mounting Solution 

C-Bond Secure faces competition
from alternative window film mounting products in the market; however, all these products have similar ingredients to a soap and water
mix, which we believe provides no structural benefit. These solutions are used to provide a window film installer the ability to
slip or move the film on the surface to which it is applied. The industry standard solution most commonly used to apply window film
to glass is a mixture containing commonly available baby shampoo or dishwashing soap and water that we believe has the following negative
attributes: provides no structural benefits, often bubbles or yellows and scatters light, can only be applied within a limited temperature
range, and may require 30 to 120 days of dry time to set completely depending on the film thickness. C-Bond Secure
provides the same slip properties while also strengthening the glass and improving film adhesion. 

C-Bond BRS 

C-Bond BRS faces competition
from alternative bulletproof or bullet-resistant glass products in the market. Alternative bulletproof solutions use polycarbonate or
glass laminate materials that are expensive, thick, heavy, often require reframing and retrofit of existing structure and revised building
codes, and yellow and discolor over time. These alternative solutions are often cost prohibitive to cost sensitive customers such
as educational and municipal facilities. C-Bond BRS allows for increased safety and security at an affordable cost. Most importantly,
it provides a deterrent to an intruder and valuable time to secure the facility. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022,
C-Bond had one full-time employee, and multiple part-time employees, including our chief executive officer, who operate as
independent contractors of the Company. Additionally, Mobile had 16 full-time employees and 3 independent contractors. We have established an extensive network
of external partners, contractors, and consultants to minimize administrative overhead and maximize efficiency. 

We believe that a diverse
workforce is important to our success. We will continue to focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of women and underrepresented
populations, and to cultivate an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future, we intend to continue to evaluate our use of
human capital measures or objectives in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development, attraction
and retention of personnel and maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The success of our business
is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees.
We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs,
including benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from
work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help
them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer choice where possible so they
can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

We also provide robust compensation
and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. We believe that we maintain a satisfactory working relationship with our
employees and have not experienced any labor disputes. 

General Company Information 

C-Bond Systems, Inc., formerly
WestMountain Alternative Energy, Inc. WestMountain ), was incorporated in the state of Colorado on November 13, 2007. C-Bond
Systems, LLC is a Texas-based limited liability company that was formed in 2013, headquartered in Houston, Texas. On April 25, 2018, WestMountain
Energy, WestMountain s wholly owned subsidiary, WETM Acquisition Corp., a corporation formed in the State of Colorado on April 18,
2018, (the Acquisition Sub ), and C-Bond Systems, LLC, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization Merger
Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, on April 25, 2018, referred to as the Closing Date, the Acquisition
Sub merged with and into C-Bond Systems, LLC, which was the surviving corporation and became a wholly owned subsidiary of WestMountain
(the Merger ). The Merger was effective as of April 26, 2018, upon the filing of a Certificate of Merger with the Secretary
of State of the State of Texas. On July 18, 2018, we changed our name to C-Bond Systems, Inc. Our common stock is currently quoted
on the OTC Pink marketplace on a limited basis under the trading symbol CBNT . Our principal executive offices are located
at 6035 South Loop East, Houston, Texas, 77033. Our website address is http://cbondsystems.com/, and our telephone number is (832)
649-5658. The content of any website of ours is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Report. The Company s Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections
13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These reports and any other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free
of charge on our website. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common
stock involves a high degree of risk. You should not invest in our stock unless you are able to bear the complete loss of your investment.
You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information provided to you in this annual report on Form 10-K,
including information in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones facing C-Bond Systems. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently
believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of our common stock could decline, and you may lose
all or part of your investment. 

We have incurred substantial losses to date,
may continue to incur losses in the future, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

We have incurred substantial
net losses since our inception, including net losses of 5,156,478 and 7,128,858 (which included stock-based compensation of 1,039,943
and 4,085,868, respectively), for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and these losses may continue. The net
cash used in operations was 1,584,918 and 1,807,051 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31,
2022, we had an accumulated deficit, shareholders deficit, and working capital deficit of 62,693,184, 7,050,669 and 4,349,384,
respectively. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve
months from the issuance date of this report. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately achieve profitable
operations or become cash flow positive or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern
will require us to obtain additional financing to fund our current operations, which may be unavailable on attractive terms, if at all. 

As of December 31, 2022,
our recurring operating losses, cash used in operations and our current operating plans raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance date of this report. Our ability to continue as a going concern will
require us to obtain additional financing to fund our current operating plans. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents
will not be sufficient to fund our current operating plans. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would
be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our commercialization efforts. 

Unfavorable global economic, business, or
political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Our results of operations
could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including conditions that
are outside of our control, including the impact of health and safety concerns, such as those relating to the current COVID-19 outbreak.
The most recent global financial crisis caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged
economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our products and our ability to raise
additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could strain our domestic and international
customers, possibly resulting in delays in customer payments. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all
the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

We hold our cash and cash equivalents that
we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts that could be adversely affected if the financial institution
holding such funds fails. 

We hold our cash and cash
equivalents that we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts. At times, the balance held in these
accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, standard deposit insurance limit of 250,000. If the financial
institution in which we hold such funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we could
be subject to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of such
uninsured funds. Any such loss or lack of access to these funds could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and ability to meet our
operating expense obligations, including payroll obligations. 

For example, on March 10,
2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, and Signature Bank, were closed by state regulators and the FDIC was appointed receiver for each bank.
The FDIC created successor bridge banks and all deposits of SVB and Signature Bank were transferred to the bridge banks under a systemic
risk exception approved by the United States Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. If the financial institution
in which we hold funds for working capital and operating expenses were to fail, we cannot provide any assurances that such governmental
agencies would take action to protect our uninsured deposits or investments in a similar manner. 

5 

Our future revenues are very difficult to
predict with any accuracy. 

Predicting the timing or
the amount of revenues that we will receive from the sale, or license, of our products is very difficult. Any delay in the development
and acceptance of one or more of our products, could result in significant delays in the realization of revenues, the need to raise additional
capital through the issuance of additional equity or debt securities sooner than we intend, and may allow competitors to reach certain
of such markets with products before we do. In view of the emerging nature of the technology involved in certain of these markets, and
the attendant uncertainty as to whether our products will achieve meaningful commercial acceptance, if at all, there can be no assurance
that we will realize revenues sufficient to achieve profitability. 

Our intellectual property is subject to
patents and exclusive license agreements that may expire or change. 

We rely on U.S. patents to
protect our propriety products that form the core of our revenue potential. These patents are subject to standard patent expiration terms.
Upon expiration of our patents, we will no longer be able to prevent our competitors from developing similar products to ours. Additionally,
we rely on exclusive license agreements to use certain technologies. The terms of the exclusive license agreements may change upon expiration
of their current terms. We may not be able to renew or extend our current licenses, or they may become non-exclusive licensees. The inability
to maintain our exclusive licenses agreements would have a significant impact on our potential future revenues. 

If we are unable to adequately protect our
intellectual property, our competitive position and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

Protecting our intellectual
property is critical to our innovation efforts. We own patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property
rights related to many of our products, and also have exclusive and non-exclusive license rights under intellectual property owned by
others. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, particularly in countries where property
rights are not highly developed or protected, or we may be unable to maintain, renew or enter into new license agreements with third-party
owners of intellectual property on reasonable terms. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights or inability to preserve existing
intellectual property rights could adversely impact our competitive position and results of operations. 

We are dependent on key personnel, and our
ability to grow and compete in our industry will be harmed if we do not retain the continued services of our key personnel, or we fail
to identify, hire, and retain additional qualified personnel. 

Our success depends on the
efforts of our senior management team and other key personnel. The loss of services of members of our senior management team could have
an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we expect to grow our operations, it will be necessary for us to attract and retain
additional qualified personnel. If we are unable to attract or retain qualified personnel as needed, the growth of our operations could
be slowed or hampered. 

Potential adverse outcomes in legal proceedings
may adversely affect results. 

Our business exposes us to
product liability claims that are inherent in the design, manufacture and sale of our products and the products of suppliers. We may not
be able to obtain insurance on acceptable terms or our insurance may not provide adequate protection against actual losses. In addition,
we are subject to the risk that one or more of our insurers may become insolvent and become unable to pay claims that may be made in the
future. Even if we maintain adequate insurance, claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and
results of operations and on our ability to obtain suitable, adequate or cost-effective insurance in the future. 

6 

If we are unable to successfully introduce
new products, our future growth may be adversely affected. 

Our ability or failure to
develop new products based on innovation can affect our competitive position and requires the investment of significant time and resources.
Difficulties or delays in research, development, production or commercialization of new products and services may reduce future revenues
and adversely affect our competitive position. If we are unable to create sustainable product differentiation, our organic growth may
be adversely affected. 

Research and development for continued growth
of our IP portfolio and product offerings is expensive, and we may not have sufficient funds to continue research and develop activities
and may not be able to acquire additional funding. 

Our ability to continue our
research and development activities to improve and expand our products and service offerings requires extensive amounts of funding. We
may not be able to obtain the necessary funding on attractive terms and in a timely basis to continue our research and development activities,
which has caused our research and development activities to be delayed, reduced or terminated. Delaying, reducing or terminating our research
activities would impede our estimated growth and results of operations. 

We rely heavily on collaborative partners such as distributors,
manufacturers and vendors and our relationships with such parties may restrict or limit our business operations. 

We are currently working
with several third-party entities with respect to the validation, optimization, and distribution of our products. Our current and future
collaborations and joint ventures are important as they allow greater access to funds, to research, development and testing resources,
validation, and to manufacturing, sales and distribution resources that we would otherwise not have. We intend to continue to significantly
rely on such collaborative and joint venture arrangements. Some of the risks and uncertainties related to the reliance on such collaborations
and joint ventures include the fact that such relationships could actually serve to limit or restrict us, while our partners are free
to pursue other products either on their own or with others. Further, our partners may terminate a collaborative technology relationship
and such termination may require us to seek other partners or expend substantial resources to pursue these activities independently. 

We rely primarily on a third-party distribution
model for our products and the number and quality of distributors can vary and may impact our revenues. 

We rely on numerous third-party
distributors for the distribution of our products. While we believe that alternative distributors could be located if required, our product
sales could be affected if any of these distributors do not continue to distribute our products in required quantities or at all, or with
the required levels of quality. In addition, difficulties encountered by these distributors, such as fire, accident, natural disasters,
or political unrest, could halt or disrupt distributions, resulting in delay or cancellation of orders. Any of these events could result
in delayed deliveries by us of our products, causing reduced sales and harm to our reputation and brand name. 

We only have one manufacturing facility for our propriety products. 

We manufacture our proprietary
products at our Houston, Texas facility. In the event of a fire, flood, tornado, hurricane or other form of a catastrophic event, we may
be unable to fulfill any then-existing demand for our products, possibly for a prolonged period, depending upon the severity of the event.
As a result, should a catastrophic event occur, our financial condition and results of operation would be materially adversely affected. 

Our lease on our Houston,
Texas facility expires on May 31, 2025. If we are not able to renew or extend our lease on the Houston, Texas facility, we may have to
move our corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility. Doing so could cause us to incur significant expenses and could delay or reduce
our ability to manufacture our products for some time. Our financial condition and results of operation could be materially adversely
affected by any such move. 

7 

The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified members of the board
of directors. 

As a public company, we are
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the OTC and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules
and regulations requires significant legal and financial compliance costs, makes some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly
and increases demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight
may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business
and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future to comply with these regulatory requirements, which will increase
our costs and expenses. 

In addition, changing laws,
regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing
legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject
to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve
over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance
matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply
with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new
laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice,
regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 

We also expect that being
a public company with these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance,
and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make
it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members for our board of directors, particularly to serve any committees, and
qualified executive officers. 

As a result of disclosure
of information in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which we believe
may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business
and operating results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims,
and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating
results. 

We may not reach sufficient size to justify our
public reporting status. If we are forced to become a private company, then our stockholders may lose their ability to sell their shares. 

We may not be able to fulfill our obligation
to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting. 

We are required, pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting annually. This assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management
in our internal control over financial reporting. Management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 was not effective, see We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which
could, if not remediated, result in a material misstatement in our financial statement. below. In the future, we may not be
able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. Failure to comply, or any adverse results from
such evaluation, could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on the trading price
of our equity securities. Achieving continued compliance with Section 404 may require us to incur significant costs and expend significant
time and management resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully comply with Section 404 or that we will be able to conclude
that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 

8 

Risks Related to the Glass Strengthening and Water Repellent
Industries 

We face competition from companies that
have substantially greater capital resources, research and development, manufacturing, and marketing resources. 

While we believe that we
have significant competitive benefits offered by our proprietary products, there are competitors with much longer operating histories,
greater name recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we have.
As we grow and become successful with our products, we expect these competitors to increase the resources they dedicate to our market.
Such competition could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

We may face increased pricing pressures
from current and future competitors and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that competitive pressures will not require us to reduce
our prices . 

It is likely that we will
experience significant competitive pressure over time. Accordingly, the use and pricing of our products may decline as the market becomes
more competitive. Any material reduction in the price of our products will negatively affect our gross margin and results of operations. 

We may have difficulty developing brand
awareness for our products. 

We believe that a developed
market for glass strengthening products currently does not exist. Generation of the brand and market communications are essential to the
Company s long-term success. Funding constraints will limit the Company s ability to build product awareness through marketing
and advertising. Without clear market communication the risk of having the product confused with other applications such as a stand-alone
hydrophobic product is possible. If we are unable to develop such a market or create demand for our products, it would adversely impact
our business and operating results. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink,
which may limit the liquidity and price of our common stock more than if our common stock were listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or another
national exchange. 

Our securities are currently
quoted on the OTC Markets, specifically the OTC Pink (the OTC Pink ), an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity
securities. Quotation of our securities on the OTC Pink may limit the liquidity and price of our securities more than if our securities
were listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or another national exchange. As an OTC Pink company, we do not attract the extensive analyst coverage
that accompanies companies listed on national securities exchanges. Further, institutional and other investors may have investment guidelines
that restrict or prohibit investing in securities traded on the OTC Pink. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and
price of our common stock. 

The trading price of our common stock may
decrease due to factors beyond our control. 

The stock market from time
to time has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for smaller reporting
companies, and which often have been unrelated to the operating performance of the companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. If our shareholders sell substantial amounts of their common stock in the public market,
the price of our common stock could fall. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity, or equity-related securities,
in the future at a price we deem appropriate. 

9 

The market price of our common
stock may also fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control: 

variations in our quarterly operating results, 

changes in general economic conditions and in our industry, 

changes in market valuations of similar companies, 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant new contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures, or capital commitments, 

loss of a major customer, partner or joint venture participant and 

the addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel. 

Any such fluctuations may
adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result, stockholders may be
unable to sell their shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss. 

The market price for our common shares is
particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float, limited operating
history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common shares at
or above your purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

The market for our common
shares is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will continue
to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of
factors. First, as noted above, our common shares are sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the
trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either
direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our common shares are
sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse
impact on its share price. Secondly, we are a speculative or risky investment due to our limited operating history and lack
of profits to date. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their
investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at
greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease
the market price of our common shares, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what
the prevailing market price for our common shares will be at any time, including as to whether our common shares will sustain their current
market prices, or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common shares for sale at any time will have on the
prevailing market price. 

Penny stock regulations may impose certain
restrictions on marketability of our securities. 

Our common stock is subject
to penny stock rules, which may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock or affect their ability to sell
our securities. As a result, purchasers and current holders of our securities could find it more difficult to sell their securities. Trading
volume of OTC Pink stocks have been historically lower and more volatile than stocks traded on an exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market.
In addition, we may be subject to rules of the SEC that impose additional requirements on broker-dealers when selling penny stocks to
persons other than established customers and accredited investors. In general, an accredited investor is a person with net worth in excess
of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 individually, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse. The relevant SEC regulations
generally define penny stocks to include any equity security not traded on an exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market with a market price
(as defined in the regulations) of less than 5 per share. Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability
determination as to the purchaser and must have the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Prior to any transaction
in a penny stock covered by these rules, a broker-dealer must deliver a disclosure schedule about the penny stock market prepared by the
SEC. Broker-dealers must also make disclosure concerning commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and any registered representative
and provide current quotations for the securities. Finally, broker-dealers are required to send monthly statements disclosing recent price
information for the penny stock held in an account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

You may find it difficult to sell our common
stock. 

As mentioned above, there
has been a limited trading market in our common stock. We cannot assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will develop
or be sustained. Regardless of whether an active and liquid public market exists, negative fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating
results will likely cause the market price of our common stock to fall, making it more difficult for you to sell our common stock at a
favorable price, or at all. 

10 

We intend to issue additional equity and
stock options to employees and consultants as compensation in the future, which will result in dilution to existing and new investors. 

We provide and intend to
continue to provide additional equity-based compensation to our employees, officers, directors, consultants, and independent contractors
through an equity incentive plan. Our equity incentive plan permits the award of options to purchase shares of common stock and the issuance
of restricted shares of our common stock. Because stock options granted under the plan will generally only be exercised when the exercise
price for such option is below the then market value of the common stock, the exercise of such options or the issuance of shares will
cause dilution to the book value per share of our common stock and to existing and new investors. 

Holders of convertible debt issued by the
Company may convert their promissory notes and exercise warrants into shares of our common stock, which will result in significant dilution
to existing and new investors. 

We closed a various financing
transactions in 2021 and 2022 with investors whereby the respective investor purchased convertible promissory notes and warrants from
the Company. If the investors convert their notes and exercise their warrants, the Company will issue shares of the Company s common
stock to the investor, which may cause substantial dilution to the book value per share of our common stock and to existing and new investors. 

Holders of Series B Preferred Shares or
Series C Preferred Shares issued by the Company may, as of December 31, 2022, convert such shares into approximately 164,635,079
and 432,250,000 shares of our common stock, respectively, which could result in significant dilution to existing and new investors. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 1,000 Series B and 17,290 Series C shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. If a holder of Series B Preferred shares or
Series C Preferred shares issued by the Company elects to convert such shares into approximately 164,635,079 and 432,250,000 shares
of our common stock, respectively, it would result in significant dilution to existing and new investors. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to fall. 

We have not entered into
lock-up agreements with any of our existing stockholders. As a result, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in
the public market could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of
additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 

Our stock price is likely to be volatile. 

There is generally significant
volatility in the market prices and limited liquidity of securities of companies at our stage. Contributing to this volatility are various
events that can affect our stock price in a positive or negative manner. These events include, but are not limited to: governmental regulations
or actions; market acceptance and sales growth of our products; litigation involving our industry; developments or disputes concerning
our patents or other proprietary rights; departure of key personnel; future sales of our securities; fluctuations in our financial results
or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; investors general perception of us; announcements by us of significant
contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments, and general economic, industry and market conditions.
If any of these events occur, it could cause our stock price to fall. 

The price of our common stock may be adversely
affected by the future issuance and sale of shares of our common stock or other equity securities. 

We cannot predict the size
of future issuances or sales of our common stock or other equity securities future acquisitions or capital raising activities, or the
effect, if any, that such issuances or sales may have on the market price of our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts
of common stock or other equity securities or announcement that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. Any decline in the price of our common stock may encourage short sales, which could place further downward
pressure on the price of our common stock and may impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

11 

Our reduced stock price may adversely affect
our liquidity. 

Our common stock has limited
trading history. Many market makers are reluctant to make a market in stock with a trading price of less than 5.00 per share, as well
as shares quoted on the OTC Pink. To the extent that we have fewer market makers for our common stock, our volume and liquidity will likely
decline, which could further depress our stock price. 

We have never paid dividends on our common
stock and cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders in the future. 

We have never paid dividends
on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to reinvest in the development and growth
of our business and, therefore, do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. However, in the future, our board of directors may
declare dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and
will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as our board of directors
deems relevant. Accordingly, investors may need to sell their shares of our common stock to realize a return on their investment, and
they may not be able to sell such shares at or above the price paid for them. We cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders
in the future. 

Colorado law and our Articles of Incorporation
protect our directors from certain types of lawsuits, which could make it difficult for us to recover damages from them in the event of
a lawsuit. 

Colorado law provides that
our directors will not be liable to our company or to our stockholders for monetary damages for all but certain types of conduct as directors.
Our Articles of Incorporation require us to indemnify our directors and officers against all damages incurred in connection with our business
to the fullest extent provided or allowed by law. The exculpation provisions may have the effect of preventing stockholders from recovering
damages against our directors caused by their negligence, poor judgment, or other circumstances. The indemnification provisions may require
our company to use our assets to defend our directors and officers against claims, including claims arising out of their negligence, poor
judgment, or other circumstances. 

Additional risks may exist since we became
public through a reverse merger. 

Because our business became
public by means of a reverse merger, we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms. Securities analysts
of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of
our common stock. We cannot assure you that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on our behalf in the future. 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting which could, if not remediated, result in a material misstatement in our financial statements. 

We are subject to the
reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act, including the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which
require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As reported in Item 9A hereof, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
was due to the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting: (1) the lack of multiple levels of
management review on complex business, accounting, and financial reporting issues and (2) a lack of adequate segregation of duties
as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel. Until such time as we expand our staff to include additional accounting and executive personnel, it is
likely we will continue to report material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

While management has undertaken
and will continue to undertake steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting to address and remediate the material weaknesses,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully remediate the identified material weaknesses, or that we will not identify
additional control deficiencies or material weaknesses in the future. If we are unable to successfully remediate our existing or any future
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely
affected, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities laws regarding the timely filing of periodic reports, investors may
lose confidence in our financial reporting and the price of our ordinary shares may decline. 

12 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

On January 20, 2022, we received
an Order Directing Examination and Designating Officers to Take Testimony (a Formal Order from the SEC. The Formal Order
authorizes that an examination be made to determine whether a stop order should be issued under Section 8(d) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act with respect to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, and any supplements and amendments thereto. The Formal Order
indicates that the Form S-1 may be deficient in that it may contain untrue statements of material fact or omit to state material facts
necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading concerning, among
other things, the Company s revenue and financial condition. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our corporate headquarters
and manufacturing facility is located in an 8,385 square foot facility in Houston, Texas at 6035 South Loop East. The lease on
the Houston facility expires on May 31, 2025. 

In connection with the Exchange
Agreement with Mobile, the Company was named as guarantor of a Commercial Lease Agreement dated July 21, 2021, by and between landlord
MDW Management, LLC, a company owned by Michael Wanke and his wife and tenant Mobile. The term of this lease is 60 months, at a minimum
monthly rent of 5,600 (not including tax), with two five-year options for the tenant to renew. The Company s obligation as guarantor
of the Lease will terminate upon the occurrence of earlier of the following: (i) the date of the Company s acquisition of 100 of
the ownership interests of Mobile; (ii) the date that the Company beneficially owns less than an 80 )ownership interest in Mobile; or
(iii) two (2) years from and after the effective date of the guaranty. Our Mobile manufacturing and warehouse facility is located in an
approximate 4,000 square foot facility in Universal City, Texas at 2029 Pat Booker Rd. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may
become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject
to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. 

Except as set forth below,
the Company is not involved in any pending or threatened legal proceedings that it believes could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

On January 20, 2022, we received
the Formal Order from the SEC. The Formal Order authorizes that an examination be made to determine whether a stop order
should be issued under Section 8(d) of the Securities Act with respect to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, and
any supplements and amendments thereto. The Formal Order indicates that the Form S-1 may be deficient in that it may contain untrue statements
of material fact or omit to state material facts necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading concerning, among other things, the Company s revenue and financial condition. 

On March 8, 2021, a former
officer of the Company resigned. The Company and the former officer alleged certain claims against each other, including certain compensation
claims. Neither party has initiated litigation. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against any possible claims and assert
any relevant claims against the former executive and believes it will prevail. 

In July 2021, a former employee of the Company filed a small claims
case for approximately 16,000 in Harris County, TX, and the Company filed its response on August 2021. This case is no longer shown as
pending with the Harris County, Texas Court system. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against any claim made and believes
it will prevail. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

13 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is quoted
on the OTC Pink operated by the OTC Markets Group, under the symbol CBNT. Trading in OTC Pink stocks can be volatile, sporadic
and risky, as thinly traded stocks tend to move more rapidly in price than more liquid securities. Such trading may also depress the market
price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their common stock. Our common stock does not have an established
public trading market. 

The following table reflects
the high and low closing price for our common stock for the period indicated. The bid information was obtained from the OTC Markets Group,
Inc. and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.0160 
 0.0050 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.0170 
 0.0070 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.0289 
 0.0106 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.0300 
 0.0130 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.05 
 0.02 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.05 
 0.02 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.06 
 0.02 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.15 
 0.04 

On March 30, 2023, the closing price of the Company s
common stock on OTC Pink was 0.0048. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of March 30, 2023, there
were approximately 213 record holders of our common stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common
stock whose shares are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees, or other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

Historically, we have not
paid any cash dividends on our common stock. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but
rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. However, in the future, our board of directors may declare dividends
on our common stock. Payment of future dividends on our common stock, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and
will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements and surplus, financial condition, contractual restrictions
and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. We cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends to our stockholders in
the future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

See Part III. Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information concerning our
equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On October 3, 2022, we issued
3,000,000 shares of our common stock for investor relations services to be rendered. 

On December 1, 2022, we issued 6,535,274 shares
our common stock upon the conversion of 250 shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of 25,000. The conversion price
was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

In connection with the Letter
Agreement dated December 15, 2022, in order to induce GS Capital to extend the due dates of the GS Capital Notes, we issued 15,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock to GS Capital. 

The above securities were
issued in reliance upon the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act. 

14 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and the related notes and other financial information included in this Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and
analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties as described under the heading Cautionary Note Regarding Our Forward-Looking
Statements elsewhere in this Report. You should review the disclosure under the heading Risk Factors in this Report
for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by
the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

We are a nanotechnology company
and sole owner, developer, and manufacturer of the patented C-Bond technology. We are engaged in the implementation of proprietary nanotechnology
applications and processes to enhance properties of strength, functionality, and sustainability of brittle material systems. Our present
primary focus is in the multi-billion-dollar glass and window film industry with target markets in the United States and internationally.
We operate in two divisions: C-Bond Transportation Solutions and Patriot Glass Solutions. C-Bond Transportation Solutions sells a windshield
strengthening, water repellent solution called C-Bond nanoShield as well as disinfection products. Patriot Glass Solutions sells
multi-purpose glass strengthening primer and window film mounting solutions, including C-Bond BRS, a ballistic-resistant film system,
and C-Bond Secure, a forced entry system. 

To date, we have filed, licensed
and/or acquired a total of 23 individual patents and patent applications spanning core and strategic nano-technology applications and
processes. Our intellectual property portfolio was recently valued at 33.7 million by a leading, independent, global intellectual property
valuation firm. The IP valuation firm s review covered the valuation of our intangible assets including our developed technology,
trade name, customer relationships, and assembled workforce, and the Company s determination of the fair value or other amounts
of any assets and liabilities including current assets, real property, personal property, and current liabilities. Our developed technology
includes C-Bond nanoShield, C-Bond Secure, and C-Bond BRS. The valuation firm also reviewed historical and projected financial information
for the Company giving consideration to general economic and industry trends. 

On May 20, 2020, we entered
into a two-year Distributor Agreement with an entity where we were appointed as a distributor to exclusively sell MB-10 Disinfectant Tablets
for use in certain markets. In February 2022, we and the entity amended the Distributor Agreement to include the sale of Vimoba Tablets
in those same markets and extended the term of the Distributor Agreement for another year. MB-10 Disinfectant Tablets are the most convenient
way yet to deliver the benefits of chlorine dioxide to hygiene or biosafety programs. MB-10 disinfectant tablets have one of the broadest,
most complete EPA registration labels on the market. It is a safe, easy, and effective way to disinfect a vehicle s interior using
an EPA registered disinfectant (Reg No.70060-19-46269) included on List N for use against human coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. It is proven effective
against emerging viral pathogens, including enveloped and large and small non-enveloped viruses. MB-10 Tablets provide fast-acting virus
and bacteria protection that is safe for all vehicle surfaces including LED screens and electronics without leaving a residue or odor.
Vimoba Tablets are 100 non-corrosive, chlorine dioxide producing tablets that maintain the exact same efficacy, EPA Label claims, dilution
rates and contact times as MB-10 Tablets, while including a buffering agent that makes the Vimoba solution completely non-corrosive on
stainless steel even after prolonged use or exposure and even when the solution dries on the surface. We were appointed
as a distributor to exclusively sell MB-10 Disinfectant Tablets and Vimoba Tablets for use in the following markets: 

Automotive, Trucking, RV, rental agencies (auto and truck), service vehicles (taxi, Uber, Lyft), mass transit (train, buses), golf carts, aviation, train, marine (potential future growth) 

Dealerships 

Global Distribution 

Service Providers 

Transportation Detailing. 

15 

On June 30, 2021, we entered
into a Share Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Exchange Agreement with (i) Mobile Tint LLC, a Texas limited
liability company doing business as A1 Glass Coating Mobile ), (ii) the sole member of Mobile (the Mobile Member ),
and (iii) Michael Wanke as the Representative of the Mobile Member. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, we agreed to acquire 80 of Mobile s
member units, representing 80 of Mobile s issued and outstanding capital stock (the Mobile Member Units ). On July
22, 2021, we closed the Exchange Agreement and acquired 80 of the Mobile Shares. The Mobile Member Units were exchanged for restricted
shares of the Company s common stock, in an amount equal to 800,000, divided by the average of the closing prices of the Company s
common stock during the 30-day period immediately prior to the closing as defined in the Exchange Agreement. In connection with the Exchange
Agreement, we issued 28,021,016 shares of its common stock. Two years after closing, we have the option to acquire the remaining 20 of
Mobile s issued and outstanding membership interests in exchange for a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal
to 300 of Mobile s average EBIT value, divided by the price of the Company s common stock as defined in the Exchange Agreement
(the Additional Closing ). Mobile provides quality window tint solutions for auto, home, and business owners across Texas,
specializing in automotive window tinting, residential window film, and commercial window film that stop harmful UV rays from passing
through its window films for reduced glare, comfortable temperatures, and lower energy bills. Mobile also carry products that offer forced-entry
protection and films that protect glass from scratches, graffiti, other types of vandalism, and even bullets, including our C-Bond BRS
and C-Bond Secure products. As part of the transaction, Mobile s owner-operator, Michael Wanke, joined the Company as President
of its Safety Patriot Glass Solutions Group. Mobile has been in business for more than 30 years and produced annual revenue of approximately
 2 million in both 2019 and 2020. As part of the transaction, Mobile s owner-operator, Michael Wanke, has agreed to join us as President
of our Patriot Glass Solutions group. 

We expect that our recent acquisition
of Mobile will be the springboard to provide glass security solutions across the United States. We recently launched Patriot Glass Solutions
to protect personal and business property across the United States using C-Bond s proprietary glass strengthening technology to
protects property from looting, rioting, break-ins, and gunfire. With our recent acquisition of Mobile, we are re-branding our Safety
Solutions Group as Patriot Glass Solutions. Patriot Glass Solutions primary products include C-Bond BRS, a ballistic-resistant
film system; and C-Bond Secure, a multi-purpose glass strengthening primer and window film mounting solution that deters forced entry. 

The following discussion
highlights our results of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial condition as well as our liquidity and
capital resources for the periods described and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding
of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on
our consolidated financial statements contained in this Report, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles GAAP ). You should read the discussion and analysis together with such financial statements and the
related notes thereto. 

Operating Overview 

We are a nanotechnology company
and sole owner, developer, and manufacturer of the patented C-Bond technology. We are engaged in the implementation of proprietary nanotechnology
applications and processes to enhance properties of strength, functionality, and sustainability of brittle material systems. Our present
primary focus is in the multi-billion-dollar glass and window film industry with target markets in the United States and internationally.
We operate in two divisions: C-Bond Transportation Solutions and Patriot Glass Solutions. C-Bond Transportation Solutions, which sells
a windshield strengthening, water repellent solution called C-Bond nanoShield as well as disinfection products, and Patriot Glass
Solutions, which sells multi-purpose glass strengthening primer and window film mounting solutions, including C-Bond BRS, a ballistic-resistant
film systems, and C-Bond Secure, a forced entry system. The C-Bond technology enables ordinary glass to dissipate energy by permeating
the glass surface and detecting microscopic flaws and defects that are randomly distributed all over the glass surface. C-Bond s
unique qualities then work to locate and repair the identified surface imperfections that weaken the glass composite structure and ultimately
act as failure initiators. The C-Bond formula is engineered to maintain original glass design integrity while increasing the mechanical
performance properties of the glass unit. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic we created partnerships to distribute disinfection related
products, which we began to sell in the second quarter of 2020. The Company currently sells MB-10 Tablets and Vimoba Tablets. 

Revenue is generated by the
sale of products through distributors and directly to dealers. C-Bond nanoShield and disinfection sales are generated through distribution
channels. Sales of C-Bond Secure are made primarily to window film dealers who offer the product as an upsell during installation. Revenue
is generated from the sale of C-Bond BRS on a project basis. C-Bond BRS is specified into project plans providing authorized installers
a competitive advantage. 

16 

Additionally, through the
acquisition of 80 of Mobile Tint, LLC, we now provide quality window tint solutions for auto, home, and business owners across Texas,
specializing in automotive window tinting, residential window film, and commercial window film that stop harmful UV rays from passing
through its window films for reduced glare, comfortable temperatures, and lower energy bills. Mobile also carries products that offer
forced-entry protection and films that protect glass from scratches, graffiti, other types of vandalism, and even bullets, including our
C-Bond BRS and C-Bond Secure products. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements, the Company had a net loss of 5,156,478 and 7,128,858 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which included stock-based compensation of 1,039,943 and 4,085,868 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The net cash used in operations was 1,584,918 and 1,807,051 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit, shareholders deficit, and working capital deficit of 62,693,184,
 7,050,669 and 4,349,384, respectively, on December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance date of this report. Management cannot
provide assurance that the Company will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow positive or raise additional
debt and/or equity capital. The Company is seeking to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity financings to fund its
operations in the future. Although the Company has historically raised capital from sales of common shares, preferred shares and
from the issuance of convertible and other promissory notes, there is no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. If the
Company is unable to raise additional capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects that the Company
will need to curtail its operations. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

COVID-19 

In March 2020, the World Health
Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. We were materially affected
by the COVID-19 outbreak to in 2020 and 2021 and the ultimate duration and severity of the outbreak and its impact on the economic environment
and our business is uncertain. The Company saw a material decrease in sales from its international customers as a result of the unprecedented
public health crisis from the COVID-19 pandemic and a decrease in domestic sales due to a decrease in business spending on discretionary
items. As a result, during 2021 and 2020, the Company s international customers delayed the ordering of products and delayed or
defaulted on payment of balances due to the Company. The lack of collection of accounts receivable balances, which the Company believes
was attributable to COVID-19, had a material impact on the cash flows of the Company. The Company believes that COVID-19 had minimal impact
on its operations in 2022. The Company cannot estimate the future impact of the pandemic on its business. A severe or prolonged economic
downturn could result in a variety of risks to the Company s business, including weakened demand for its products and a decreased
ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. Currently, the Company is unable to estimate the impact
of this event on its operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The following discussion
and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation
of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management continually evaluates such
estimates, including those related to estimates for allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts receivable, the estimates for obsolete
or slow moving inventory, estimated used in the calculation of percentage of completion on uncompleted jobs, purchase price allocation
of acquired businesses, the useful life of property and equipment, assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-term assets, the estimate
of the fair value of the right of use asset and lease liability, the valuation of redeemable and mandatorily redeemable preferred stock,
the value of beneficial conversion features and deemed dividends, the valuation of deferred tax assets, and the fair value of non-cash
equity transactions. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates and assumptions could cause a material change
to our reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. Management believes the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 

17 

Segment reporting 

During the year ended December
31, 2022 and from July 22, 2021 (date of acquisition of Mobile) to December 31, 2021, we operated in two reportable business segments
- (1) the manufacture and sale of a windshield strengthening water repellent solution as well as a disinfection product, and the sale
of multi-purpose glass strengthening primer and window film mounting solutions, including ballistic-resistant film systems and a forced
entry system (the C-Bond Segment ), and (2) the distribution and installation of window film solutions (the Mobile Segment ). Our reportable segments were strategic business units that offered different products. They were managed separately
based on the fundamental differences in their operations and locations. 

Accounts receivable 

The Company recognizes an
allowance for losses on accounts receivable in an amount equal to the estimated probable losses net of recoveries. The allowance is based
on an analysis of historical bad debt experience, current receivables aging, and expected future write-offs, as well as an assessment
of specific identifiable customer accounts considered at risk or uncollectible. The expense associated with the allowance for doubtful
accounts is recognized as general and administrative expense. 

Inventory 

Inventory, consisting of
raw materials and finished goods, is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value utilizing the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.
A reserve is established when management determines that certain inventories may not be saleable. If inventory costs exceed expected net
realizable value due to obsolescence or quantities in excess of expected demand, the Company will record reserves for the difference between
the cost and the net realizable value. These reserves are recorded based on estimates and included in cost of sales. 

Revenue recognition 

We follow the Financial
Accounting Standards Board s (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). This standard establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to
use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most of the existing revenue recognition
guidance. ASC 606 requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services and
requires certain additional disclosures. 

We sell our products, which
include standard warranties primarily to distributors and authorized dealers. Product sales are recognized at a point in time when the
product is shipped to the customer and title is transferred and are recorded net of any discounts or allowances. The warranty does not
represent a separate performance obligation. 

Revenues from contracts for
the distribution and installation of window film solutions are recognized over time on the basis of the Company s estimates of the
progress towards completion of contracts using various output or input methods depending on the type of contract terms including (1) the
ratio of number of labor hours spent compared to the number of estimated labor hours to complete a job, (2) using the milestone method,
or (3) using a units completed method. These methods are used because management considers these to be the best available measure of progress
on these contracts. We use the same method for similar types of contracts. The asset, contract assets represents revenues
recognized in excess of amounts billed. The liability, contract liabilities, represents billings in excess of revenues recognized. 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation
is accounted for based on the requirements of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation , which requires
recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee, director, and non-employee services received in exchange for an award
of equity instruments over the period the employee, director, or non-employee is required to perform the services in exchange for the
award (presumptively, the vesting period). The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee, director, and non-employee services
received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as
they occur as permitted under Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-09 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment . 

See Note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements for a summary of significant accounting policies and recent accounting pronouncements. 

18 

Results of Operations 

The following comparative
analysis on results of operations was based primarily on the comparative consolidated financial statements, footnotes and related information
for the periods identified below and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. The results discussed
below are for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the Years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Sales 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, sales amounted to 2,232,646 as compared to 1,476,828 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 755,818, or 51.2 .
The increase was primarily attributable to the acquisition of 80 of Mobile on July 22, 2021, which generated sales of 1,853,910 for the
year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1,042,017 for the period from acquisition (July 22, 2021) to December 31, 2021, an increase
in C-Bond nanoShield solution sales of 122,471, and an increase in disinfectant product of 3,574, offset by a decrease in sales of C-Bond
ballistic resistant glass protection systems and C-Bond Secure window film application solution of 167,113, a decrease in freight and
delivery revenue of 2,864, and a decrease in sale of installation and other services of 12,143. 

Cost of Goods Sold 

In connection with our C-Bond
Solutions segment, cost of goods sold is comprised primarily of cost of raw materials and finished inventory sold, packaging costs, and
warranty costs. In connection with our Mobile segment, cost of goods sold is comprised primarily of cost of raw materials such as film,
labor, subcontractor costs, equipment rental, and supplies. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, cost of sales amounted to 954,402 as compared to 657,298 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 297,104, or
45.2 . This increase in cost of sales is primarily attributable to the acquisition of 80 of Mobile on July 22, 2021, which
generated cost of sales of 889,016 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cost of sales of 518,700 for the period from
acquisition (July 22, 2021) to December 31, 2021, an increase of 370,316. The increase was offset by a decrease in cost of sales of 70,212
related to an increase in sales of C-Bond nanoShield solution which were offset by a decrease in sales of C-Bond ballistic resistant glass
protection systems and C-Bond Secure window film application solution products. Generally, we recognize a higher gross profit percentage
on the sale of C-bond nanoShield and C-bond ballistic resistant glass protections systems than we do on the Mobile. 

Gross Profit 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, gross profit amounted to 1,278,244, or 57.3 of sales, as compared to 819,530, or 55.5 of sales, for the year ended December
31, 2021, an increase of 458,714, or 56.0 . This increase in gross profits is primarily attributable to the acquisition of 80 of Mobile on July 22, 2021, which generated gross profit of 863,736, or 46.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to gross
profit of 482,092, or 46.3 from acquisition date (July 22, 2021) to December 31, 2021, an increase of 381,644. Additionally, we had
an increase in gross profits of 77,070, related to an increase in sales of C-Bond nanoShield solution offset be a decreased in sales
of C-Bond ballistic resistant glass protection systems, C-Bond Secure window film application solution, and a decrease in sales of disinfectant
products. Generally, we recognize a higher gross profit percentage on the sale of C-bond nanoShield and C-bond ballistic resistant glass
protections systems than we do on the sale of disinfection products and from Mobile Tint installations and services. During the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, gross profits percentages related to the sale of sales of C-Bond nanoShield solution, C-Bond ballistic resistant
glass protection systems, C-Bond Secure window film application solution, and disinfectant products were 86.4 and 70.9 , respectively. 

19 

Operating Expenses 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, operating expenses amounted to 4,470,738 as compared to 7,829,649 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 3,358,911,
or 42.9 . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating expenses consisted of the following: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Compensation and related benefits, including stock-based compensation charges of 1,039,943 and 4,085,868 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 2,844,783 
 6,165,006 
 
 Research and development 
 - 
 (3,250 
 
 Professional fees 
 815,542 
 1,031,540 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 810,413 
 636,353 

Total 
 4,470,738 
 7,829,649 

Compensation and related benefits 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, compensation and related benefits decreased by 3,320,223, or 53.9 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease
was primarily due to a decrease in stock-based compensation of 3,045,925 and a decrease in compensation and related benefits of 640,324
to C-Bond employees primarily attributable to a decrease in bonuses, offset by an increase in compensation and related benefits of 366,026
from the acquisition of Mobile Tint. 

On January 6, 2022, the Board
of Directors of the Company agreed to satisfy 278,654 of accrued compensation owed to its executive officers (collectively, the Management as of December 31, 2021 and included in accrued compensation on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. Management agreed
to accept 278 shares of the Company s Series B convertible preferred stock in settlement of this accrued compensation. The conversion
feature of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial on the commitment date. Because the Series
B Preferred Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any time from the date of issuance, the
Company immediately recorded non-cash stock-based compensation of 957,556 related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the
issuance of Series B Preferred Stock. On January 18, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company agreed to satisfy 295,000 of accrued
compensation owed to its executive officers and former executive officer (collectively, the Management through a Liability
Reduction Plan (the Plan ). Under this Plan, Management agreed to accept 295 shares of the Company s Series B convertible
preferred stock in settlement of accrued compensation. The conversion feature of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time of issuance
was determined to be beneficial on the commitment date. Because the Series B Preferred Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date,
and the conversions could occur any time from the date of issuance, the Company immediately recorded non-cash stock-based compensation
of 3,778,810 related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the issuance of Series B Preferred Stock. 

Research and development 

Research and development
expenses (recovery) consisted primarily of contracted development services, third party testing laboratories, materials used and allocated
overhead expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not incur any research and development fees due to a lack of working capital.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a research and development recovery of 3,250 related to a receipt of a refund of previous
research and development costs of 3,250. 

20 

Professional fees 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, professional fees decreased by 215,998, or 20.9 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily
related to a decrease in legal fees of 130,044, a decrease in consulting fee of 148,156, a decrease in investor relations fees of 24,739,
and a decrease in other professional fees of 6,013, offset by an increase in accounting fees of 92,954 attributable to the acquisition
of Mobile. 

General and administrative 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increased by 174,060, or 27.4 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase
was primarily attributable to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of 43,252 related to the acquisition of Mobile,
an increase in rent expense of 44,699, an increase in advertising expense of 4,111, and an increase in other selling, general and administrative
expenses of 117,096, offset by a decreased in bad debt expense of 31,639 and a decrease in shipping and handling expense of 3,459. 

Loss from Operations 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, loss from operations decreased by 3,817,625, or 54.5 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other Income (Expenses), net 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, other expense, net amounted to 1,963,984 as compared to 118,739 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an
increase of 1,845,245, or 1,554.0 . This change was due to an increase in interest expense of 1,337,130 related to an increase in
the amortization of debt discount, an increase in interest-bearing debt of 1,466,000, and the accrual of a default penalty of 206,250 related
to convertible debt that defaulted due to non-payment, and a decrease in other income of 67,778 and an increase in loss on debt
extinguishment and inducement expenses of 440,337. 

Net Loss 

Due to factors discussed
above, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net loss amounted to 5,156,478 and 7,128,858, respectively. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, net loss attributable to common shareholders, which included a deemed dividend related to price protection, beneficial
conversion features on preferred stock, and the dividends accrued on Series B and C preferred stock of 60,090 and the deduction of net
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of 38,513, amounted to 5,178,055, or (0.02) per basic and diluted common share. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net loss attributable to common shareholders, which included a deemed dividend related to price protection,
beneficial conversion features on preferred stock, and the dividends accrued on Series B and C preferred stock of 4,401,907 and the
deduction of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of 15,525, amounted to 11,546,290, or (0.05) per basic and diluted
common share. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability
of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had cash of 97,091 and 519,898 as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our primary uses of cash
have been for compensation and related benefits, fees paid to third parties for professional services, and general and administrative
expenses. We have received funds from the sales of products and from various financing activities such as from the sale of our common
shares, from the sale of preferred shares and from debt financings. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in changes in
our liquidity over the near to long term: 

An increase in working capital requirements to finance our current business, 

Research and development fees; 

Addition of administrative and sales personnel needed for business growth; 

The cost of being a public company; 

21 

Marketing expense for building brand; 

Capital requirements for production capacity. 

Working capital requirements to support acquired companies. 

Since inception, we have
raised proceeds from the sale of common shares and preferred shares, and from debt to fund our operations and research and development
initiatives. 

On May 10, 2021, we entered
into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement and a Secured Promissory Note (the Note in the amount
of 500,000 with a lender. The Note shall accrue interest at 8 per annum, compounded annually, and all outstanding principal and accrued
interest is due and payable of May 10, 2023. Our obligations under the Loan Agreement and the Note are secured by a second priority security
interest in substantially all of the Company s assets (the Collateral ). The Loan Agreement and Note contain customary
representations, warranties and covenants, including certain restrictions on our ability to incur additional debt or create liens on its
property. The Loan Agreement and the Note also provide for certain events of default, including, among other things, payment defaults,
breaches of representations and warranties and bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, the occurrence of which, after any applicable cure
period, would permit Lender, among other things, to accelerate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement and the Note,
as applicable, and to exercise its remedies with respect to the Collateral. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Loan
Agreement and Note, all amounts then outstanding (including principal and interest) shall bear interest at the rate of 18 per annum,
compounded annually until the Event of Default is cured. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, principal amount due under this Note amounted
to 500,000. 

On August 25, 2021, we entered
into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor whereby the investor agreed to purchase 3,000 shares of the Company s
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for 300,000, or 100.00 per share, the stated value, which was used for working capital purposes.
The conversion feature of the Series C Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial on the commitment date.
Because the Series C Preferred Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any time from the date
of issuance, the Company immediately recorded a non-cash deemed dividend of 1,509,523 related to the beneficial conversion feature arising
from the issuance of Series C Preferred Stock. This non-cash deemed dividend increased the Company s net loss attributable to common
stockholders and net loss per share. 

On October 15, 2021, we
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (the Investor ),
pursuant to which the Company received 750,000 (less 10,000 of Investor s fees) in exchange for the issuance of a 10 Original
Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Note (the Initial Note in the principal amount of 825,000, and a five-year
warrant (the Initial Warrant to purchase, in the aggregate, shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of 0.05 per share in an amount equal to 50 of the conversion shares to be issued. The transactions contemplated under the SPA
closed on October 18, 2021. Pursuant to the SPA, the Investor has agreed to purchase an additional 825,000 10 Original Issue Discount
Senior Convertible Promissory Note (the Second Note, and together with the Initial Note, the Notes ), and
a five-year warrant (the Second Warrant, and together with the Initial Warrant, the Warrants to purchase,
in the aggregate, shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.05 per share from the Company in an amount equal
to 50 of the conversion shares to be issued upon the same terms as the Initial Note and Initial Warrant (subject to there being no event
of default under the Initial Note or other customary closing conditions), within three trading days of a registration statement registering
the shares of the Company s common stock issuable under the Notes (the Conversion Shares and upon exercise of the
Warrants (the Warrant Shares being declared effective by the SEC. The Notes mature 12 months after issuance, bear interest
at a rate of 4 per annum, and are initially convertible into the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.025
per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock combinations, dilutive issuances, and similar events, as described in the Notes.
On April 20, 2022, the Company and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (the Investor entered into an Exchange Agreement
(the Exchange Agreement that amended a 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Note (See Note 7). The
original SPA remains in effect. Per the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the Parties agreed to exchange (i) the Initial Note for a new
Convertible Promissory Note (the New Note and (ii) the Initial Warrant for a new five-year warrant to purchase, in the
aggregate, 33,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.025 per share (the New Warrant 
and together with the New Note, the New Securities ), according to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Agreement. On
April 20, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the Investor surrendered the Prior Securities in exchange for the New
Securities. Other than the surrender of the Prior Securities, no consideration of any kind whatsoever was given by the Investor to the
Company in connection with the Exchange Agreement. The terms of the New Securities are the same as the Prior Securities except for the
pricing of the shares issuable under the New Note and the shares issuable upon exercise of the New Warrant. The New Securities are composed
of the New Note, which is a 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 825,000, and the
New Warrant. The New Note matures on October 15, 2022, bears interest at a rate of 4 per annum, and is initially convertible into the
Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.0125 per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock combinations,
dilutive issuances, and similar events, as described in the New Note. The Notes may be prepaid at any time for the first 90 days at face
value plus accrued interest. From day 91 through day 180, the Notes may be prepaid in an amount equal to 110 of the principal amount
plus accrued interest. From day 181 through the day immediately preceding the maturity date, the Notes may be prepaid in an amount equal
to 120 of the principal amount plus accrued interest. The Notes and Warrants contain conversion limitations providing that a holder
thereof may not convert the Notes or exercise the Warrants to the extent (but only to the extent) that, if after giving effect to such
conversion, the holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock immediately after giving effect to such conversion or exercise. A holder may increase or decrease its beneficial ownership
limitation upon notice to the Company provided that in no event such limitation exceeds 9.99 , and that any increase shall not be effective
until the 61st day after such notice. In connection with the SPA, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement dated October
15, 2021 (the Registration Rights Agreement ), with the Investor pursuant to which it is obligated to file a registration
statement with the SEC within 45 days after the date of the agreement to register the resale by the Investor of the conversion shares
and warrant shares, and use all commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective by the SEC within
60 days after the registration statement is filed. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Notes, the Investor has the right
to be prepaid at 125 of the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest, and interest accrues at 18 per annum. The Company has
also granted the Investor a 12-month (or until the Notes are no longer outstanding) right to participate in specified future financings,
up to a level of 30 . On October 15, 2022, the due date of the New Note, the New Note defaulted due to non-payment. Accordingly, the
Company added a default penalty of 206,250, or 25 , to the principal balance and recorded interest expense of 206,250, and interest
shall accrue at 18 per annum. 

22 

On March 14, 2022,
the Company entered into an Original Issue Discount Promissory Note and Security Agreement (the March 2022 Note in the
principal amount of 197,500 with Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (the Investor ). The March 2022 Note was funded
on March 14, 2022 and the Company received net proceeds of 175,000 which is net of an Original Issue Discount and investor legal fees
of 22,500. The March 2022 Note matures 12 months after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 3 per annum. At any time, the Company
may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of the March 2022 Note and any accrued and unpaid interest without penalty. The
March 2022 Note also creates a lien on and grants a priority security interest in all of the Company s assets. 

On May 2, 2022, the Company
entered into a Promissory Note (the May 2022 Note in the principal amount of 250,000 with the Company s chief executive
officer. The May 2022 Note was funded in May 2022 and the Company received net proceeds of 250,000. The May 2022 Note bears interest
at a rate of 6 per annum and all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest is due on May 2, 2024. At any time, the Company
may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of the May 2022 Note and any accrued and unpaid interest without penalty. 

On June 23, 2022, the Company
entered into entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Agreement with GS Capital Partners, LLC GS Capital ),
pursuant to which a Promissory Note (the GS Capital Note was made to GS Capital in the aggregate principal amount of 195,000.
The Note was purchased for 176,000, reflecting an original issuance discount of 19,000, and was funded on June 24, 2022 (less legal
and other administrative fees). The Company received net proceeds of 148,420. The Company further issued GS Capital a total of 1,750,000
commitment shares Commitment Shares as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note (See Note 9). Principal and
interest payments shall be made in 10 installments of 21,060 each beginning on the 90th-day anniversary following the issue date and
continuing thereafter each 30 days for nine months. The GS Capital Note matures 12 months after issuance and bears interest at a rate
of 8 per annum. GS Capital shall have the right at any time following an Event of Default to convert all or any part of the outstanding
and unpaid principal, interest, penalties, and all other amounts under this Note at a conversion price of 0.011, subject to adjustment
as defined in the GS Capital Note. The Company did not calculate a beneficial conversion feature since the GS Capital Note is contingently
convertible upon default on the GS Capital Note. As of September 30, 2022, the Company is not in default on this note. In the event that
following the Issue Date the closing trading price of the Company s common stock is then being traded is below 0.011 per share
for more than ten consecutive trading days, then the conversion price shall be equal to 0.004 per share. The GS Capital Note
contains conversion limitations providing that a holder thereof may not convert the Note to the extent (but only to the extent) that,
if after giving effect to such conversion, the holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock immediately after giving effect to such conversion or exercise. A holder may increase or decrease
its beneficial ownership limitation upon notice to the Company provided that in no event such limitation exceeds 9.99 , and that any increase
shall not be effective until the 61st day after such notice. Events of default include, amongst other items, failure to pay principal
or interest, bankruptcy, delisting of the Company s stock, financial statement restatements, or if the Company effectuates a reverse
split. Upon the occurrence of any event of default, the GS Capital Note shall become immediately and automatically due and payable and
the Company shall pay to GS Capital, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to: (a) the then outstanding principal
amount of this note plus (b) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this note to the date of payment (the
 mandatory prepayment date plus (y) default interest, if any, multiplied by 120 . On December 15, 2022, the Company
and GS Capital entered into a letter agreement to extend the due date of the GS Capital June 2022 note by 60 days. Specifically, the maturity
date of the GS Capital June 2022 note was extended to August 23, 2023 and the next payment due date was extended to February 28, 2023.
Through December 31, 2022, the Company paid 53,512 of principal balance. On December 31, 2022, the principal balance due on the GS Capital
Note amounted to 141,488 and accrued interest payable amounted to 7,471. 

On July 26, 2022, the Company
closed a Securities Purchase Agreement July 2022 Agreement with GS Capital, pursuant to which a Promissory Note July
2022 Note was made to GS Capital in the aggregate principal amount of 195,000. The July 2022 Note was purchased for 176,000,
reflecting an original issuance discount of 19,000, and was funded on July 28, 2022 (less legal and other administrative fees). The Company
received net proceeds of 158,920. The Company further issued GS Capital a total of 2,600,000 commitment shares July 2022 Commitment
Shares as additional consideration for the purchase of the July 2022 Note. In addition, the Company issued 998,008 of its common
stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raise, respectively. The July Commitment Shares and the placement agent shares were
recorded as a debt discount of 34,606 based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the Note. Principal and
interest payments shall be made in 10 installments of 21,060 each beginning on the 90th-day anniversary following the issue date and
continuing thereafter each 30 days for nine months. The July 2022 Note matures 12 months after issuance and bears interest at a rate of
8 per annum. GS Capital shall have the right at any time following an Event of Default to convert all or any part of the outstanding
and unpaid principal, interest, penalties, and all other amounts under the July 2022 Note at a conversion price of 0.011, subject to
adjustment as defined in the Note. The Company did not calculate a beneficial conversion feature since the GS Capital July 2022 Note is
contingently convertible upon a default on the July 2022 Note. As of September 30, 2022, the Company is not in default on this note. In
the event that following the Issue Date the closing trading price of the Company s common stock is then being traded is below 0.011 per
share for more than ten consecutive trading days, then the conversion price shall be equal to 0.004 per share. The July 2022
Note contains conversion limitations providing that a holder thereof may not convert the Note to the extent (but only to the extent) that,
if after giving effect to such conversion, the holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock immediately after giving effect to such conversion or exercise. A holder may increase or decrease
its beneficial ownership limitation upon notice to the Company provided that in no event such limitation exceeds 9.99 , and that any increase
shall not be effective until the 61st day after such notice. . On December 15, 2022, the Company and GS Capital entered into a letter
agreement to extend the due date of the GS Capital July 2022 note by 60 days. Specifically, the maturity date of the GS Capital July 2022
note was extended to September 26, 2023 and the next payment due date was extended to February 28, 2023. Through December 31, 2022, the
Company paid 34,120 of principal balance. On December 31, 2022, the principal balance due on the GS Capital July 2022 Note amounted to
 160,880 and accrued interest payable amounted to 6,441. 

23 

On September 6, 2022, the
Company closed a Securities Purchase Agreement September 2022 Agreement with GS Capital, pursuant to which a Promissory
Note September 2022 Note was made to GS Capital in the aggregate principal amount of 195,000. The September 2022 Note
was purchased for 176,000, reflecting an original issuance discount of 19,000, and was funded on September 6, 2022 (less legal and other
administrative fees). The Company received net proceeds of 158,920. The Company further issued GS Capital a total of 3,300,000 commitment
shares September 2022 Commitment Shares as additional consideration for the purchase of the September 2022 Note. In addition,
the Company issued 773,626 of its common stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raise, respectively. The September Commitment
Shares and the placement agent shares were recorded as a debt discount of 30,326 based on the relative fair value method to be amortized
over the life of the Note. Principal and interest payments shall be made in 9 installments of 23,400 each beginning on the 120th-day
anniversary following the issue date and continuing thereafter each 30 days for eight months. The September 2022 Note matures 12 months
after issuance and bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum. GS Capital shall have the right at any time following an Event of Default
to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest, penalties, and all other amounts under the September 2022
Note at a conversion price of 0.009, subject to adjustment as defined in the Note. The Company did not calculate a beneficial conversion
feature since the GS Capital July 2022 Note is contingently convertible upon a default on the September 2022 Note. As of September 30,
2022, the Company is not in default on this note. In the event that following the Issue Date the closing trading price of the Company s
common stock is then being traded is below 0.009 per share for more than ten consecutive trading days, then the conversion
price shall be equal to 0.0032 per share. The September 2022 Note contains conversion limitations providing that a holder thereof may
not convert the Note to the extent (but only to the extent) that, if after giving effect to such conversion, the holder or any of its
affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock immediately after giving
effect to such conversion or exercise. A holder may increase or decrease its beneficial ownership limitation upon notice to the Company
provided that in no event such limitation exceeds 9.99 , and that any increase shall not be effective until the 61st day after such notice.
On December 15, 2022, the Company and GS Capital entered into a letter agreement to extend the due date of the GS Capital September 2022
note by 60 days. Specifically, the maturity date of the GS Capital September 2022 note was extended to November 6, 2023 and the next payment
due date was extended to March 6, 2023. On December 31, 2022, the principal balance due on the GS Capital September 2022 Note amounted
to 195,000 and accrued interest payable amounted to 5,001. 

On November 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note (the November 2022 Note with a private investor (the Private
Investor in the principal amount of 200,000 and received net proceeds of 200,000. The November 2022 Note bears interest at a
rate of 8 per annum and all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest is due on November 8, 2024. At any time, the Company
may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of the November 2022 Note and any accrued and unpaid interest without penalty. As
security for payment of the principal and interest on the November 2022 Note, the Company and the Private Investor previously entered
into that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated May 10, 2021, which is incorporated into the November 2022 Note. On December 31, 2022,
the principal balance due on the November 2022 Note amounted to 200,000 and accrued interest payable amounted to 2,367. 

On November 9, 2022, the
Company closed a Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 4, 2022, with 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, Diagonal ), pursuant to which a Promissory Note (the November 2022 Diagonal Note dated November 4, 2022,
was made to Diagonal in the aggregate principal amount of 104,250 and the Company received net proceeds of 100,000 which was net of
fees of 4,250. The November 2022 Diagonal Note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum (22 upon the occurrence of an event of a default)
and all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest are due on May 4, 2024. On December 27, 2022, the Company closed a Securities
Purchase Agreement dated December 27, 2022, with 1800 Diagonal pursuant to which a Promissory Note December 2022 Diagonal Note dated December 27, 2022, was made to Diagonal in the aggregate principal amount of 64,250 and the Company received net proceeds of 60,000
which was net of fees of 4,250. The December 2022 Diagonal Note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum (22 upon the occurrence of
an event of a default) and all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest are due on June 27, 2024. The Company has the right
to prepay the November 2022 and December 2022 Diagonal Notes (principal and accrued interest) at any time during the first six months
the note is outstanding at the rate of 115 during the first 30 days after issuance, 120 during the 31 st to 60 th 
day after issuance, and 125 during the 61 st to the 180 th day after issuance. The November 2022 and December 2022
Diagonal Notes may not be prepaid after the 180th day following the issuance date, unless Diagonal agrees to such repayment and such terms.
Diagonal may in its option, at any time beginning 180 days after the date of the Diagonal Notes, convert the outstanding principal and
interest on the November 2022 and December 2022 Diagonal Notes into shares of our common stock at a conversion price per share equal to
65 of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices of our common stock during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion.
At no time may the November 2022 and December 2022 Diagonal Notes be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would
result in Diagonal and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. 

24 

On November 22, 2022, the
Company entered into a Promissory Note and Security Agreement (the November 2022 Note in the principal amount of 65,000
with Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (the Investor ). The November 2022 Note was funded on November 22, 2022 and
the Company received net proceeds of 62,500 which is net of investor legal fees of 2,500. The legal fees were recorded as a debt discount
to be amortized over the life of the November 2022 note. The November 2022 Note matures on August 22, 2023 and bears interest at a rate
of 8 per annum. At any time, the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of the November 2022 Note and any accrued
and unpaid interest without penalty. 

Additional cash liquidity
is generated from product sales. However, to date, we are not profitable, and we cannot provide any assurances that we will be profitable.
We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to fund our current operating plans. 

Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table shows
a summary of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,584,918 
 (1,807,051 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 5,500 
 301,901 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,156,611 
 1,701,641 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (422,807 
 196,491 
 
 Cash - beginning of the year 
 519,898 
 323,407 
 
 Cash - end of the year 
 97,091 
 519,898 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities: 

Net cash flow used in operating
activities was 1,584,918 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net cash flow used in operating activities of 1,807,051
for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 222,133. 

Net cash flow used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily reflected a net loss of 5,156,478, which was then adjusted for the add-back
(deduction) of non-cash items primarily consisting of depreciation and amortization of 89,219, stock-based compensation expense of 1,039,943,
stock-based professional fees of 298,571, amortization of debt discount of 1,059,752, non-cash interest expense for default penalty
and put premiums of 296,981, bad debt expense of 7,716, gain on sale of property and equipment of (5,500), and a non-cash loss on debt
extinguishment of 343,895, and changes in operating assets and liabilities consisting primarily of an increase in accounts receivable
of 100,160, a decrease in inventory of 5,485, an increase in prepaid expenses of 746, a decrease in contract assets of 82,526, a decrease
in accounts payable of 49,709, an increase in accrued expenses of 299,660, an increase in contract liabilities of 12,211, an increase
in accrued compensation of 180,609, and an increase in accrued interest related party of 10,027. 

Net cash flow used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflected a net loss of 7,128,858, which was then adjusted for the add-back
(deduction) of non-cash items primarily consisting of depreciation and amortization of 45,967, stock-based compensation expense of 4,085,868,
stock-based professional fees of 478,129, amortization of debt discount of 171,875, bad debt expense of 39,355, allowance for obsolete
inventory of 45,000, gain on sale of property and equipment of (13,000), and a non-cash gain on debt extinguishment of (96,442), and
changes in operating assets and liabilities consisting primarily of an increase in accounts receivable of 73,180, a decrease in inventory
of 17,288, an increase in prepaid expenses of 13,211, an increase in contract assets of 50,106, an increase in accounts payable of
 88,853, an increase in accrued expenses of 92,148, an increase in accrued compensation of 601,431, and a decrease in customer deposits
of 110,000. 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities: 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we received proceeds of 5,500 from the sale of property and equipment. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, we received proceeds of 288,901 in connection with the acquisition of Mobile and 13,000 from the sale of property
and equipment. 

25 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities: 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 1,156,611 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1,701,641 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we received net proceeds from notes payable of 903,760, received proceeds from a related party note payable of 250,000, and
received net proceeds from convertible notes payable of 160,000. These proceeds were offset by the repayment of notes payable of 157,149. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, we received net proceeds from the sale of Series C preferred stock of 550,000, net proceeds from a loan of 500,000, and net
proceeds from convertible notes payable of 680,000. These proceeds were offset by the repayment of notes payable of 28,359. 

Funding Requirements 

We expect the primary use
of capital to continue to be salaries, legal, accounting and regulatory expenses and general overhead costs including sales and marketing.
Additional uses of capital will include additional headcount, tools and equipment, capacity expansion and operational control software.
We believe current cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to meet anticipated cash requirements. Additional capital will be
required to further research new product verticals and enhancements to current product offerings based on customer requirements. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we determined that there was substantial doubt about our ability to maintain operations as a going concern. Our consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities
and commitments in the normal course of business. Management cannot provide assurance that we will ultimately achieve profitable operations
or become cash flow positive or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. We will seek to raise capital through additional debt and/or
equity financings to fund operations in the future. Although we have historically raised capital from sales of common and preferred shares,
from the issuance of notes payable, and from the issuance of convertible promissory notes, there is no assurance that it will be able
to continue to do so. If we are unable to raise additional capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management expects
that the Company will need to curtail its operations. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to
the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our forecast of the period
of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves
risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially because of a number of factors. We have based this estimate on assumptions
that may prove to be wrong and could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our capital requirements
are difficult to forecast. Please see the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional
risks associated with our capital requirements. 

Until such time as we generate
substantial product revenue to offset operational expenses, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of public and private
equity offerings and debt financings. We may be unable to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements when needed or on favorable
terms or at all. Our failure to raise capital or enter into such other arrangements as and when needed would have a negative impact on
our financial condition. 

Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Contractual Obligations 

We have certain fixed contractual
obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments. Changes in our business needs, cancellation provisions, changing interest
rates, and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing
and amounts of payments. We have presented below a summary of the most significant assumptions used in our determination of amounts presented
in the tables, to assist in the review of this information within the context of our consolidated financial position, results of operations,
and cash flows. 

26 

The following tables summarize
our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, and the effect these obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows
in future periods. 

Payments Due by Period 
 
 Contractual obligations: 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-2 years 
 3-5 years 
 5 + years 
 
 Notes payable 
 1,918,203 
 1,709,399 
 208,804 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible note payable 
 1,199,750 
 1,031,250 
 168,500 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest on notes payable 
 477,734 
 477,734 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease gross base rent 
 436,259 
 147,466 
 249,593 
 39,200 
 - 
 
 Total 
 4,031,946 
 3,365,849 
 626,897 
 39,200 
 - 

We enter into agreements
in the normal course of business with contracted research and testing organization, product distribution and material vendors which are
payable or cancelable at any time with 30-day prior written approval. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements during the period presented as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Our consolidated financial
statements, together with the related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth on the pages indicated
in Item 15, Part IV of this Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure controls and procedures 

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, evaluated our company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on
Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31,
2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due
to material weaknesses, which we identified, in our report on internal control over financial reporting. 

27 

Internal control over financial reporting 

Management s annual report on internal
control over financial reporting 

Our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. Our management s evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting was based on the 2013 framework
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this
evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

The ineffectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures was due to the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting: (1)
the lack of multiples levels of management review on complex business, accounting and financial reporting issues, and (2) a lack of adequate
segregation of duties as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel. 

Until such time as we expand our staff to include
additional accounting and executive personnel, it is likely we will continue to report material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting. 

A material weakness is a
deficiency or a combination of control deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Internal control over financial
reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns
resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper management
override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis
by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.
Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

28 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets
forth certain information regarding our current directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Scott R. Silverman 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 Allison Tomek 
 
 47 
 
 President, Vice President of Corporate Communication, Secretary and Director 
 
 Barry M. Edelstein 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

Scott R. Silverman has
been the Chairman of the Board and a director of the Company since June 1, 2018. Mr. Silverman has served as Chief Executive Officer of
C-Bond Systems, LLC since December 2017 and Interim Chief Financial Officer since March 8, 2021. From 2003 to 2011, Mr. Silverman
served as Executive Chairman of VeriChip Corporation which completed an initial public offering on the NASDAQ in 2007 raising more than
 30 million. VeriChip Corporation subsequently sold to Stanley Works in 2008. From 2011 to 2016, Mr. Silverman founded and served
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Veriteq Corporation, a leader in RFID technology for medical devices which went public in 2013
and was subsequently sold to a leading breast implant manufacturer. Mr. Silverman is a graduate from the University of Pennsylvania and
Villanova University School of Law. We believe that Mr. Silverman s knowledge of our company, industry and business makes him
well-suited to serve on the board of directors. 

Allison Tomek has
served as Vice President of Corporate Communications and Corporate Secretary since April 2018, and as President and Director since March
8, 2021. She was previously Senior Vice President Investor Relations at PositiveID Corporation from 2007 to 2018, as well as Vice President
of Investor Relations at Veriteq Corporation from 2011 to 2015. She served as the director of investor relations and corporate communications
at Andrx Corporation at the time of its acquisition by Watson Pharmaceuticals in 2006 for 1.9 billion. She is a former two-time President
of the National Investor Relations Institute, South Florida chapter. She holds a B.S. in News/Editorial from the School of Journalism
and Mass Communication at the University of Colorado, Boulder. We believe that Ms. Tomek s knowledge of our company, regulations,
and business makes her well-suited to serve on the board of directors. 

Barry M. Edelstein has
been a director on the Board of the Company since June 1, 2018. Since June 2008, Mr. Edelstein has served as a Managing Partner of Structured
Growth Capital, Inc., which provides monetization financing to non-investment grade entities. Since January 2002, Mr. Edelstein
has also served as President and CEO of ScentSational Technologies, LLC, a leader in developing, patenting and licensing Olfaction Packaging
technologies to food, beverage and other consumer products companies. Mr. Edelstein has a JD from the Widener University School of Law
and a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Marketing from Drexel University s LeBow College of Business. Mr. Edelstein
brings a wealth of operational and financial experience to our board as well as a deep knowledge of the packaging industry. 

29 

Terms of Office 

All directors will hold office
until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified or appointed, unless sooner displaced. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between or among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Director Independence 

The Company s securities
are not listed on a national securities exchange, or an inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board
of directors be independent No member of the Board of Directors other than Mr. Edelstein is independent, as that term is defined in the
listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Board Meetings; Annual Meeting Attendance 

During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, the Board held three board meetings in person and via teleconference and acted via unanimous written consent on
9 occasions. The Company did not hold an annual meeting. 

Holders of our securities
can send communications to the Board via mail or telephone to the Secretary at the Company s principal executive offices. The Company
has not yet established a policy with respect to our directors attendance at the annual meetings. A stockholder who wishes to
communicate with the Board may do so by directing a written request addressed to our Corporate Secretary at the address appearing on
the first page of this Information Statement. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

As our Common Stock is not
presently listed for trading on a national securities exchange, we are not required to have board committees. However, the Company has
an audit committee which is comprised of Mr. Edelstein, an independent director. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

On March 12, 2019, we adopted
a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions in that our officers and directors serve in these capacities. A copy of
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available, without charge, on our website at http://cbondsystems.com/. We intend to satisfy
the disclosure requirements of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or a waiver from, any provision of our Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics by posting such amendment or waiver on our website. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight 

Currently, the Board is comprised
of three directors: Scott Silverman, Allison Tomek and Barry Edelstein, with Scott Silverman serving as our Chairman. Scott Silverman
is also our Chief Executive Officer. 

The Board recognizes that
the leadership structure and combination or separation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman roles is driven by the needs of the
Company at any point in time. We have no policy requiring combination or separation of these leadership roles and our governing documents
do not mandate a particular structure. This has allowed the Board the flexibility to establish the most appropriate structure for the
Company at any given time. 

30 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following summarizes
the compensation earned by our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table below (referred to herein as our
 named executive officers in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

This section also discusses
the material elements of our executive compensation policies and decisions and important factors relevant to an analysis of these policies
and decisions. It provides qualitative information regarding the manner and context in which compensation is awarded to and earned by
our named executive officers and is intended to place in perspective the information presented in the following tables and the corresponding
narrative. 

Overview 

Our named executive officers
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as follows: 

Scott R. Silverman Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer; 

Allison Tomek President, Vice President of Corporate Communication and Secretary since March 8, 2021; 

2022 Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth
information regarding compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each of the named executive officers for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Scott R. Silverman 
 2022 
 450,211 (3) 
 155,469 
 - 
 - 
 681,740 (4)(8) 
 1,287,420 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 2021 
 409,283 (3) 
 483,415 
 - 
 - 
 2,309,736 (5)(8) 
 3,202,434 

Allison Tomek 
 2022 
 180,000 (3) 
 70,219 
 - 
 - 
 279,000 (6) 
 529,219 
 
 President, Vice President of Corporate Communications, Secretary 
 2021 
 158,090 (3) 
 137,700 
 132,000 (7) 
 - 
 256,190 (6) 
 683,980 

(1) 
 
 Cash bonuses earned by Mr. Silverman and Ms. Tomek
 in 2022 were based on a bonus approved by the Board of Directors in December 2022 and also included bonuses accrued or paid based on a
 percentage of capital raises, in accordance with Mr. Silverman s employment agreement. Cash bonuses were earned by Mr. Silverman
 and Ms. Tomek in 2021 based on a bonus approved by the Board of Directors during 2021 and also included bonuses accrued or paid based
 on a percentage of capital raises, in accordance with Mr. Silverman s employment agreement. In connection with the December 2022
 and 2021 bonus, the bonus recipients and the Company agreed to pay 90 of the 2022 and 2021 year-end bonus in Series B preferred stock
 rather than cash. 

(2) 
 
 As required by SEC rules, the amounts in this
 column reflect the grant date or modification date fair value as required by FASB ASC Topic 718. A discussion of the assumptions and methodologies
 used to calculate these amounts, are contained in the notes to our financial statements under Note 10 Shareholders 
 Deficit . 

(3) 
 Includes accrued and unpaid deferred compensation. 

31 

(4) 
 
 On January 6, 2022, Mr. Silverman s
Series B preferred share issuance included non-cash compensation of 678,556 related to the conversion of accrued compensation to convertible
Series B preferred shares. The conversion feature of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial
on the issue date. Because the Series B Preferred Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any
time from the date of issuance, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company immediately recorded non-cash stock-based compensation
of 678,556 related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the issuance of Series B Preferred Stock which is included in Stock
Awards. 

(5) 
 
 In 2021, in lieu of cash compensation, Mr.
Silverman received 180 shares of series B preferred shares for unpaid and deferred compensation and a bonus of 180,000. In 2021, Mr.
Silverman s series B preferred share issuance included non-cash compensation of 2,305,714 related to the conversion of accrued
compensation to convertible Series B preferred shares. The conversion feature of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time of issuance
was determined to be beneficial on the issue date. Because the Series B Preferred Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and
the conversions could occur any time from the date of issuance, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company immediately recorded
non-cash stock-based compensation of 2,305,714 related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the issuance of Series B Preferred
Stock which is included in Stock Awards. 

(6) 
 
 In 2022, in lieu of cash compensation, Ms.
Tomek received 81 shares of series B preferred shares for unpaid and deferred compensation. In 2022, Ms. Tomek s series B preferred
share issuance included non-cash compensation of 279,000 related to the conversion of accrued compensation to convertible Series B preferred
shares. The conversion feature of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial on the issue date.
Because the Series B Preferred Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any time from the date
of issuance, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company immediately recorded non-cash stock-based compensation of 279,000
related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the issuance of Series B Preferred Stock which is included in Stock Awards.
In 2021, in lieu of cash compensation, Ms. Tomek received 20 shares of series B preferred shares for unpaid and deferred compensation
and bonus of 20,000. In 2021, Ms. Tomek s series B preferred share issuance included non-cash compensation of 256,190 related
to the conversion of accrued compensation to convertible Series B preferred shares. The conversion feature of the Series B Preferred
Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial on the issue date. Because the Series B Preferred Stock was perpetual with
no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any time from the date of issuance, during the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company immediately recorded non-cash stock-based compensation of 256,190 related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from
the issuance of Series B Preferred Stock which is included in Stock Awards. 

(7) 
 
 In 2021, stock awards include the issuance
of 2,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to Ms. Tomek with a fair value of 132,000. 

(8) 
 Includes reimbursement of medical expenses of 3,184 and 4,022 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table 

Except as otherwise described
below, there are no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any named
executive officer, that would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of
employment with the Company, or our subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following
a change in control of the Company. 

32 

Employment Agreement with Executive Officer 

Employment Agreement with Scott R. Silverman 

We entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Silverman on October 18, 2017, pursuant to which he serves as our Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of three
years that extends for successive one-year renewal terms unless either party gives 30-days advance notice of non-renewal. As consideration
for these services, the employment agreement provides Mr. Silverman with the following compensation and benefits : 

An annual base salary of 300,000, with a 10 increase on each anniversary date contingent upon achieving certain performance objectives as set by the Board. 

When the first 500,000 of equity investments was raised by the Company after entering into this employment agreement, Mr. Silverman receives a capital raise success bonus of 5 of all equity capital raised from investors/lenders introduced by him to the Company. 

Annual cash performance bonus opportunity as determined by the Board. 

An option to acquire 3,000,000 common shares of the Company, with a strike price of 0.31 per share. These options vested pro rata on a monthly basis for the term of the employment agreement. On each anniversary, Mr. Silverman will be eligible to be granted a minimum of 500,000 stock options of the Company at a strike price of 0.85 per common share contingent upon the achievement of certain performance objectives. 

Certain other employee benefits and perquisites, including reimbursement of necessary and reasonable travel and participation in retirement and welfare benefits. 

Mr. Silverman s employment agreement provides that, in the event that his employment is terminated by the Company without cause 
(as defined in his employment agreement), or if Mr. Silverman resigned for good reasons (as defined in his employment agreement),
subject to a complete release of claims, he will be entitled to (i) retain all stock options previously granted; and (ii) receive any
benefits then owed or accrued along with one year of base salary and any unreimbursed expenses incurred by him. All amounts shall be paid
on the termination date. In the event that Mr. Silverman s employment is terminated by the Company for cause (as defined
in his employment agreement), or if Mr. Silverman resigned without good reasons (as defined in his employment agreement),
subject to a complete release of claims, he will be entitled to receive any unpaid base salary and benefits then owed or accrued and any
unreimbursed expenses incurred by him. Additionally, if a change of control (as defined in his employment agreement) occurs during the
term of this agreement, all unvested stock options will vest in full, and Mr. Silverman shall be paid a bonus equal to three times his current minimum base salary
and minimum target bonus. 

Pursuant to the employment
agreement, Mr. Silverman is subject to a confidentiality covenant, a two-year post-termination non-competition covenant and a two-year
post-termination non-solicitation covenant. On June 30, 2020, the Company amended the employment agreement of Mr. Silverman to provide
for successive one-year extensions until either the executive or the Board of Directors of the Company gives notice to terminate the employment
agreement per its terms. This employment agreement amendment also included an allowance of up to 10,000 per year to cover uncovered medical/dental
expenses for Mr. Silverman and his family. 

Elements of Executive Compensation 

Base Salaries .
Base salaries for the named executive officers during 2022 and 2021 were determined, subject in each case to their employment agreements,
on the scope of each officer s responsibilities along with his or her respective experience and contributions during the prior year.
When reviewing base salaries, our board of directors took factors into account such as each officer s experience and individual
performance, company performance as a whole, and general industry conditions, but did not assign any specific weighting to any factor. 

33 

Equity Awards .
Equity awards granted by the board of directors to the named executive officers during 2022 and 2021 were determined based on their employment
agreements, on the scope of each officer s responsibilities along with his or her respective experience and contributions during
the prior year. When reviewing equity awards, our board of directors took factors into account such as each officer s experience
and individual performance, company performance as a whole, and general industry conditions, but did not assign any specific weighting
to any factor. 

Capital Raise Success
Bonus . Pursuant to Mr. Silverman s employment agreement, he receives a capital raise success bonus of 5 of all equity capital
raised from investors/lenders introduced by him to the Company. Mr. Silverman agreed to share this capital raise bonus with other executives. 

Bonus . In January
2021, the board of directors approved a bonus to Mr. Silverman and Ms. Tomek of 200,000 and 25,000, respectively. In December 2021,
the board of directors approved a bonus to Mr. Silverman and Ms. Tomek of 219,615 and 90,500, respectively. In December 2022, the board
of directors approved a bonus to Mr. Silverman and Ms. Tomek of 100,000 and 60,000, respectively. 

Other Benefits .
On June 30, 2020, we amended the employment agreement of Mr. Silverman to include an allowance of up to 10,000 per year to cover uncovered
medical/dental expenses for Mr. Silverman and his family. Currently, we do not offer any additional benefit packages to other employees. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following are the outstanding
equity awards for the named executive officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 

Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (Exercisable) 
 Number of 
Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
Options 
 (Unexercisable) 
 Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Option 
Exercise 
Price 
 )(1) 
 Option 
Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Scott R. Silverman 
 3,000,000 (2) 
 - 
 0 
 0.31 
 10/18/2027 

(1) 
 This reflects the exercise price of such options. 

(2) 
 These shares were fully vested prior to 2021. 

Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested )( 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Scott R. Silverman (1) 
 6,970,120 
 57,155 
 6,970,120 
 57,155 
 
 Allison Tomek (2) 
 4,750,000 
 38,950 
 4,750,000 
 38,950 

The market value of shares of stock is computed by multiplying the closing market price of our stock at the end of the last completed fiscal year of December 31, 2022 of 0.0082 by the number of shares of stock set forth to the left of such figure. 

(1) 
 6,970,120 shares vest on May 1, 2023, as extended by agreement. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Silverman also owns 655 shares of Series B Preferred stock, which may convert into approximately 107,761,859 common shares. 

(2) 
 4,750,000 shares vest on May 1, 2023, as extended per agreement. As of December 31, 2022, Ms. Tomek also owns 146 shares of Series B Preferred stock, which may convert into approximately 23,842,222 common shares. 

34 

C-Bond Systems, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive
Plan 

On June 7, 2018, our Board
of Directors and our stockholders approved the C-Bond Systems, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ), which
became effective on August 2, 2018. The purposes of the 2018 Plan is to advance the interests of the Company, its affiliates and its stockholders
and promote the long-term growth of the Company by providing employees, non-employee Directors and third-party service providers with
incentives to maximize stockholder value and to otherwise contribute to the success of the Company and its affiliates, thereby aligning
the interests of such individuals with the interests of the Company s stockholders and providing them additional incentives to continue
in their employment or affiliation with the Company. 

Summary of the Plan 

Administration 

The 2018 Plan will be administered
by a committee designated by the Board of Directors (the Committee or, in the absence of the Committee or in the case of
awards issued to non-employee Directors, the 2018 Plan will be administered by the Board of Directors (as applicable, the Administrator ). The
Administrator also has full and exclusive power and authority to administer the 2018 Plan. In administering awards under our 2018
Plan, the Administrator, has the power, subject to the terms of the 2018 Plan, to determine the terms of the awards granted under our
2018 Plan, including any applicable exercise or grant price, the number of shares subject to each award and the exercisability of the
awards. The Administrator also has full power to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which awards will be made
and to make all other determinations and take all other actions advisable for the administration of the 2018 Plan. 

On a calendar year basis,
the Board of Directors may, by resolution, delegate to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company the limited authority to grant awards
under the 2018 Plan during such calendar year to designated classes of employees, who are not officers of the Company or any affiliate
and subject to the provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and to service providers. 

Types of Awards 

Under our 2018 Plan, the
Administrator may grant: 

options to acquire our Common Stock, both incentive stock options that are intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code and nonqualified stock options which are not intended to satisfy such requirements. The exercise price of options granted under our 2018 Plan must at least be equal to the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant and the term of an option may not exceed ten years, except that with respect to an incentive stock option granted to any employee who owns more than 10 of the voting power of all classes of our outstanding stock as of the grant date the term must not exceed five years and the exercise price must equal at least 110 of the fair market value on the grant date. 

stock appreciation rights, or SARs, which allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in the fair market value of our Common Stock between the date of grant and the exercise date. The amount payable under the stock appreciation right may be paid in cash or with shares of our Common Stock, or a combination thereof, as determined by the Administrator. 

restricted stock awards, which are awards of our shares of Common Stock that vest in accordance with terms and conditions established by the Administrator. 

restricted stock units, which are awards that are based on the value of our Common Stock and may be paid in cash or in shares of our Common Stock. 

other types of stock-based or stock-related awards not otherwise described by the terms and provision of the 2018 Plan, including the grant or offer for sale of unrestricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, and which may involve the transfer of actual shares of the Company s Common Stock or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of shares of our Common Stock and may be designed to comply with or take advantage of the applicable local laws of jurisdictions other than the United States. 

other cash-based awards to eligible persons in such amounts and upon such terms as the Administrator shall determine. 

An award granted under the
2018 Plan must include a minimum vesting period of at least one year, provided, however, that an award may provide that the award will
vest before the completion of such one-year period upon the death or qualifying disability of the grantee of the award or a change of
control of the Company and awards covering, in the aggregate, 25,000,000 shares of our Common Stock may be issued without any minimum
vesting period. 

35 

Shares Authorized for Issuance 

The aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock that may be issued under the 2018 Plan and number of shares of our Common Stock that may be subject to incentive stock
options granted under the 2018 Plan is 50,000,000 shares. 

Term 

The Board may alter, amend,
or terminate our 2018 Plan and the Administrator may alter, amend, or terminate any award agreement in whole or in part; however, no termination,
amendment, or modification shall adversely affect in any material way any award previously granted, without the written consent of the
holder. Our 2018 Plan was adopted on June 7, 2018, became effective on August 2, 2018, and will continue indefinitely until it is terminated
by the Board as provided in the 2018 Plan. However, as required by the Internal Revenue Code, no incentive stock option awards may be
granted under our 2018 Plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the date the plan was adopted by the Board, unless our 2018 Plan is subsequently
amended, with the approval of stockholders, to extend the period for granting such awards. 

Disclosure of Equity Awards Based on Material Nonpublic Information :
None 

Pay Versus Performance (PVP) 

In accordance with the SEC s
disclosure requirements regarding pay versus performance, or PVP, this section presents the SEC-defined Compensation Actually Paid, 
or CAP of our PEO and NEOs for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and our financial performance. Also as required
by the SEC, this section compares CAP to various measures used to gauge performance at the Company for each such fiscal year. Also as
required by the SEC, this section compares CAP to various measures used to gauge performance at the Company. 

Pay versus Performance Table - Compensation
Definitions 

Salary, Bonus, Stock Awards,
and All Other Compensation are each calculated in the same manner for purposes of both CAP and Summary Compensation Table, or SCT values.
The primary difference between the calculation of CAP and SCT total compensation is the calculation of the value of Stock Awards, 
with the table below describing the differences in how these awards are valued for purposes of SCT total and CAP: 

SCT
 Total 
 
 CAP 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Grant date fair value of stock awards
 granted during the year 
 
 Fair value of stock awards that are unvested as of the end of the year, or vested during the year 

Pay Versus Performance Table 

In accordance with the SEC s new PVP rules,
the following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our NEOs for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, and our financial performance for each such fiscal year: 

Year (1) 
 Summary Compensation Table Total for PEO 
 Compensation Actually Paid to PEO (2)(3) 
 Average Summary Compensation Table Total for Non-PEO
 NEOs 
 Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO NEOs 
 Value of Initial Fixed 100 Investment Based On Total
 Shareholder Return 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 
 2022 
 1,287,420 
 1,146,624 
 529,219 
 473,669 
 7.45 
 (5,156,478 
 
 2021 
 3,202,434 
 2,633,672 
 1,027,876 
 211,683 
 25.82 
 (7,128,858 

(1) The PEO (CEO) in the 2022 and 2021 reporting year is Scott Silverman. The non-PEO NEO in the 2022 reporting
year is Allison Tomek. The non-PEO NEO s in the 2021 reporting year was Vince Pugliese and Allison Tomek. 

36 

(2) The CAP was calculated beginning with the PEO s and NEO s SCT total. In 2022 and 2021, the
following amounts were deducted from and added to the applicable SCT total compensation: 

SCT Total 
 Stock awards deducted from SCT 
 Increase for fair value of awards granted during the year that remain unvested as of
 year end 
 Decrease for change in fair value from prior year-end to current year-end for awards
 granted in prior years and unvested as of year end 
 Other 
 adjustments 
 Total CAP 

(A) 
 (B) 
 (C) 
 (D) 
 (E) 
 A - B + C + E 
 
 PEO 

2022 
 1,287,420 
 - 
 - 
 (140,796 
 - 
 1,146,624 
 
 2021 
 3,202,434 
 - 
 - 
 (568,762 
 - 
 2,633,672 

Average Non-PEO NEO 

2022 
 529,219 
 - 
 
 (55,550 
 - 
 473,669 
 
 2021 
 1,027,876 
 (132,000 
 16,400 
 (700,593 
 - 
 211,683 

(3) The fair value of stock awards reported for CAP purposes in columns (C) and (D) are based on the quoted closing price of the Company s
common stock on the vesting date or the year end date for unvested stock awards in accordance with the SEC rules. See Note 9, Stockholder s
Equity in the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended 2022 included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 2022 for more information regarding the Company s accounting for share-based compensation. 

Director Compensation 

Our non-executive board member
receives 5,000 in cash compensation each quarter plus 2,500 per quarter for serving as committee chair. 

The following table sets
forth compensation paid, earned or awarded during 2022 to each of our directors, other than Scott Silverman and Allison Tomek, whose compensation
is described in Summary Compensation Table . 

2022 Director Compensation 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Barry M. Edelstein 
 30,000 
 24,000 
 - 
 54,000 

(1) 
 On August 12, 2022, Mr. Edelstein received 2,000,000 shares of restricted stock valued at 24,000, or 0.012 per share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 

Directors are also entitled
to the protection provided by the indemnification provisions in our articles of incorporation, as amended, and our amended and restated
bylaws. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets
forth certain information relating to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023, by: 

each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

each of our directors; 

each of our named executive officers; and 

all directors and executive officers as a group. 

37 

The number of shares beneficially
owned by each entity, person, director or executive officer is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information
is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
over which the individual has sole or shared voting power or dispositive power as well as any shares that the individual has the right
to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2023 through the exercise of any stock option, warrants or other rights. Except as otherwise indicated,
and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect
to all shares of common stock held by that person. 

The percentage of shares beneficially
owned is computed on the basis of 447,704,272 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023, the implied conversion of 1,144
shares of our Series B Preferred Stock and related accrued dividends as of March 31, 2023 into 215,767,091 shares of common stock, and
the implied conversion of 16,270 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock and related accrued dividends as of March 31, 2023 into 406,750,000
shares of common stock for total shares outstanding of 1,070,221,363. Shares of common stock that a person has the right to acquire within
60 days of March 31, 2023, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such rights,
but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person, except with respect to the percentage
ownership of all directors and executive officers as a group. As a result of the Company s issuance of 1,144 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, which carries majority voting rights of 50 votes of Common Stock to every 1 share of Series B Preferred Stock, to named
executive officers and directors, they have the rights to 9,355,121,489 votes through their Series B holdings, of a total of 10,781,548,091
votes. The percentage of voting rights in the table below assumes that all Series B shares held by directors and named officers are voted
in any instance requiring shareholder vote. Unless otherwise noted below, the address of the persons listed on the table is c/o C-Bond
Systems, Inc., 6035 South Loop East, Houston, TX 77033. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of Outstanding Shares 
 Percent of Voting 
 Rights 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Scott Silverman (2) 
 207,636,080 
 35.1 
 63.1 
 
 Barry M. Edelstein (4) 
 20,728,097 
 4.6 
 3.6 
 
 Allison Tomek (5) 
 42,345,153 
 8.7 
 16.6 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) (6) 
 270,709,330 
 41.6 
 83.3 
 
 Other Greater Than 5 Stockholders: 

Jeff Badders (1) 
 30,844,916 
 6.9 

Mike Wanke 
 28,021,016 
 6.3 

Vince Pugliese (3) 
 33,751,992 
 7.1 
 10.3 

Indicates beneficial ownership of less than 1 of the total outstanding common stock. 

(1) 
 Jeff Badders has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. Mr. Badders address is 4002 North Street, Nacogdoches, TX 75965. 

(2) 
 Includes (i) 64,315,575 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards and subscription agreement; (ii) 745 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which may convert into 140,320,505 shares of Common Stock; and (iii) 3,000,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of vested stock options. 

(3) 
 Includes (i) 517,397
 shares held by Mr. Pugliese; (ii) 9,058,433 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards; (iii) 120 shares of Series B
 Preferred Stock, which may convert into 22,876,164 shares of Common Stock; and (iv) 1,299,998 shares issuable upon the exercise of
 vested stock options. The Company has concluded that Mr. Pugliese s resignation has resulted in him forfeiting his
 compensation and his restricted and unrestricted stock/equity, but this is not been reflected in its consolidated financial statements. 

(4) 
 Includes (i) 12,886,364 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards; and (ii) 41 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which may convert into 7,841,733 shares of Common Stock. 

(5) 
 Includes (i) 5,050,000 shares outstanding pursuant to restricted stock awards; and (ii) 200 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which may convert into 37,295,153 shares of Common Stock. 

(6) 
 Includes (i) 82,251,939 shares held pursuant to restricted stock awards; (iii) 986 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which may convert into 185,457,391 shares of Common Stock; and (iv) 3,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of vested stock options. 

38 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table sets
forth as of December 31, 2022 information regarding our common stock that may be issued under the Company s equity compensation
plans: 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
(a) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 (b) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding Securities Reflected in Columns (a)) (c) (1) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 8,445,698 
 0.40 
 9,403,232 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 8,445,698 
 0.40 
 9,403,232 

The table above includes 8,445,698 options that were issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement (adjusted for forfeitures and exercises since the issuance), by converting each option to purchase Common Units issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger into an option to purchase an equivalent number of shares of our common stock. 

(1) 
 Represents shares available under the C-Bond Systems, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan, under which the Company can issue options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and other types of stock-based awards. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Bohemian Companies, LLC and
BOCO Investments, LLC are two companies under common control. Mr. Klemsz, our President prior to the Merger, has been the Chief Investment
Officer of BOCO Investments, LLC since March 2007. On November 14, 2018, the Company also entered into a Revolving Credit Facility Loan
and Security Agreement Loan Agreement and a Secured Promissory Note (the Note with BOCO Investments, LLC.
Subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and the Note, BOCO Investments, LLC agreed to lend to
the Company up to 400,000 (the Maximum Loan Amount against the issuance and delivery by the Company of the Note for use
as working capital and to assist in inventory acquisition. As of December 31, 2018, BOCO Investments, LLC loaned us 400,000 and may
loan additional amounts to the Company at any time and from time to time through November 14, 2020, up to an aggregate amount not to
exceed the Maximum Loan Amount. The Company must repay all principal, interest and other amounts outstanding on or before November 14,
2020. The Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement and the Note are secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially
all of the Company s assets (the Collateral ). The outstanding principal advanced to Company pursuant to the Loan
Agreement bears interest at the rate of 12 per annum, compounded annually. The Loan Agreement and Note contain customary representations,
warranties and covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to maintain certain inventory and accounts receivable amounts, certain
restrictions on the Company s ability to incur additional debt or create liens on its property. The Loan Agreement and the Note
also provide for certain events of default, including, among other things, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties
and bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, the occurrence of which, after any applicable cure period, would permit Lender, among other
things, to accelerate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement and the Note, as applicable, and to exercise its remedies
with respect to the Collateral, including the sale of the Collateral. Commencing March 31, 2019 and at all times thereafter through the
remainder of the commitment period and for so long thereafter as there is any amount still due and owing under the Note, the Company
must maintain an accounts receivable balances plus inventory such that the outstanding principal borrowed by Company under the Loan Agreement
and Note is less than or equal to 85 of accounts receivable plus 50 of inventory, all as measured at the same point in time. Commencing
on January 10, 2019 and on or before the l0th day of each month thereafter, the Company shall pay BOCO Investments, LLC all interest
accrued on outstanding principal under the Loan Agreement and Notes as of the end of the month then concluded. As of December 31, 2022
the Company was in default of certain requirements under the Loan Agreement, including not meeting the requirement regarding minimum
asset amount as defined therein. Upon the occurrence of such event of defaults, the Lender may, at its option and in accordance with
the Loan Agreement, declare all obligations immediately due and payable, however, as of the date of this Report, the Lender has not made
any such declaration. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, Mr. Silverman, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Chairman of the
Board and a greater than 5 stockholder, and Ms. Tomek, the Company s President, Vice President of Corporate Communications,
Secretary, Director and a greater than 5 stockholder, owned 5 and 2.5 , respectively, of a customer of the Company. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized sales of 1,200 to this company. The terms of this transaction were considered as an
arm s length transaction. 

In December 2021, the Company
advanced 3,750 to a company partially owned by officers of the Company. The advance was non-interest bearing, payable on demand, and
as of December 31, 2021 was reflected as due from related party on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In June 2022, this advance
was deemed uncollectible and the balance was written off to bad debt expense. 

39 

On May 2, 2022, the Company
entered into a Promissory Note (the May 2022 Note in the principal amount of 250,000 with the Company s chief executive
officer. The May 2022 Note was funded in May 2022 and the Company received net proceeds of 250,000. The May 2022 Note bears interest
at a rate of 6 per annum and all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest is due on May 2, 2024. At any time, the Company
may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of the May 2022 Note and any accrued and unpaid interest without penalty. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense related party amounted to 10,027. On December 31, 2022, principal amount due and
accrued interest payable - related party amounted to 250,000 and 10,027, respectively. 

For information regarding
the number of restricted shares of stock, preferred stock, or options held by the Company s executive officers, and directors, or
an affiliate or immediate family member thereof, see Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Executive Compensation. 

Our board of directors intends
to adopt a written related person transaction policy, to set forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification
of related person transactions. This policy will cover, with certain exceptions set forth in Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Exchange Act, any transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships,
in which we were or are to be a participant, where the amount involved exceeds or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average
of our total assets as of the end of the last two completed fiscal years and a related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect
material interest, including purchases of goods or services by or from the related person or entities in which the related person has
a material interest, indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness and employment by us of a related person. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets
forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants, Salberg Company, P.A., for each of our last two fiscal years for
the categories of services indicated. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 Category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 100,100 
 92,700 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 7,500 
 64,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

Audit fees. 
Consists of fees billed for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements included in our Form 10-K, review of our interim
financial statements included in our Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees. 
Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees , review of our Forms 8-K filings and services
that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with non-year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Tax fees. Consists
of professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

Other fees. The services
provided by our accountants within this category consisted of advice and other services not related to the above categories. 

In June 2018, we established
an audit committee, which consists of Barry Edelstein (audit committee chairman). The audit committee s charter requires that the
audit committee pre-approve all audit and non-audit services that our independent auditors provide to the Company, provided that pre-approval
of non-audit services is not required if (i) the fees for all such services do not aggregate to more than 5 of total fees paid to the
independent auditors in that fiscal year; (ii) such services were not recognized as non-audit services at that time of engagement; and
(iii) such services are promptly brought to the attention of the audit committee and approved by the audit committee prior to the completion
of the audit. Prior to the formation of the audit committee, our board of directors would evaluate the scope and cost of the engagement
of an auditor before the auditor renders audit and audit-related services. All of the audit and audit related fees described above for
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by the audit committee. 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

A. The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 106) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 to F-44 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. 

3. 
 Exhibits: 

The following exhibits are
filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated as of April 25, 2018, among WestMountain Alternative Energy, Inc., WETM Acquisition Corp. and C-Bond Systems, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s SB-2 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on January 2, 2008, File No. 333-148440). 
 
 3.2 
 
 First Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with SEC on August 11, 2014, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 20, 2018, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2018, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 21, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Third Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of C-Bond Systems, Inc. dated June 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 3.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, dated April 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, dated November 14, 2018, with BOCO Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2018, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 6, 2019, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 9, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 

41 

4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated September 6, 2019, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 9, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 9, 2019, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated December 9, 2019, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 30, 2020 between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2020, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 30, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2020, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 23, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2020, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 23, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2020, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Senior Convertible Promissory Note, dated October 15, 2021, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 19, 2021, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated October 15, 2021, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 19, 2021, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Original Issue Discount Promissory Note and Security Agreement dated March 14, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2022, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 20, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2022). 
 
 4.14 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated April 20, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2022). 
 
 4.15 
 
 Promissory Note, dated June 23, 2022, issued by C-Bond Systems, Inc. in favor of GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2022). 
 
 4.16 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 26, 2022, issued by C-Bond Systems, Inc. in favor of GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022). 
 
 4.17 
 
 Promissory Note, dated September 6, 2022, issued by C-Bond Systems, Inc. in favor of GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022). 
 
 4.18 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 8, 2022, issued by C-Bond Systems, Inc. in favor of Jeff Badders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 4.19 
 
 Senior Convertible Promissory Note, dated November 4, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 4.20 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 27, 2022, in favor of Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2022, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 C-Bond Systems, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form S-8 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on September 25, 2018, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Form of C-Bond Systems, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form S-8 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on September 25, 2018, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Form of C-Bond Systems, Inc. Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form S-8 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on September 25, 2018, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between C-Bond Systems, LLC and Scott Silverman dated October 18, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between C-Bond Systems, LLC and Vince Pugliese dated October 12, 2015, as amended on February 11, 2016 and December 20, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Employee Agreement between C-Bond Systems, LLC and Vince Pugliese dated effective March 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019). 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement between C-Bond Systems, LLC and Bruce Rich dated January 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018, File No. 000-53029). 

42 

10.8 
 
 License Agreement between William Marsh Rice University and C-Bond Systems, Inc. dated April 8, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement related to the Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2018, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Lockup Agreement related to the Offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 1, 2018, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 14, 2018, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and BOCO Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2018, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.12+ 
 
 Employee Agreement between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Vince Pugliese dated effective March 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019, File No.: 000-53029). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated July 11, 2019 between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and an Accredited Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 16, 2019, File No.: 000-53029). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated July 17, 2019 between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and an Accredited Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 19, 2019, File No.: 000-53029). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated July 29, 2019 between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and an Accredited Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 31, 2019, File No.: 000-53029). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated September 6, 2019 between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 9, 2019 File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 15, 2019 between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 21, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated October 17, 2019, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 21, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 19, 2019, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.20+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 18, 2017 and amended November 19, 2019 between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Scott R. Silverman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 9, 2019, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 26, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2020 File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 26, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2020, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Note dated April 28, 2020, between Comerica Bank and C-Bond Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2020, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 23, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2020, File. No. 000-53029) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2020, File No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 2, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 5, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 

43 

10.28+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 18, 2017, and amended November 19, 2019 and June 30, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Scott R. Silverman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020 File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated August 20, 2020 between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated September 8, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 11, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated October 20, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 23, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated November 6, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2020 File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated December 14, 2020, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 18, 2020, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated February 24, 2021, between C-Bond Systems, Inc., and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form of Secured Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 10, 2021, with the Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 14, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 30, 2021, by and between C-Bond Systems, Inc., Mobile Tint LLC, the sole member of Mobile, and Michael Wanke as the Representative of the Mobile Shareholder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 7, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Form of Amendment to the Exchange Agreement, dated July 21, 2021, by and between C-Bond Systems, Inc., Mobile Tint LLC, the sole member of Mobile, and Michael Wanke as the Representative of the Mobile Shareholder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Form of Operating Agreement of Mobile Tint LLC issued July 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 20, 2021, by and between C-Bond Systems, Inc., Mobile Tint LLC, the sole member of Mobile, and Michael Wanke as the Representative of the Mobile Shareholder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 

44 

10.40+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 21, 2021, by and between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Michael Wanke (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Form of Commercial Lease Agreement, dated July 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 26, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.42 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.43 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 15, 2021, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 19, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.44 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 15, 2021, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 19, 2021, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 10.45 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated April 20, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2022). 
 
 10.46 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 23, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2022). 
 
 10.47 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 26, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022). 
 
 10.48 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 6, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 4, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 10.50 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 27, 2022, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2022, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated January 17, 2023, between C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Scott R. Silverman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 2023, File No. 333-227522). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019, File. No. 000-53029). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+ 
 Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 

As permitted, the registrant
has elected not to supply a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott R. Silverman 

Scott R. Silverman 

Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chairman of the Board 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Each person whose signature
appears below hereby appoints Scott R. Silverman as attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution, severally, to execute in the name
and on behalf of the registrant and each such person, individually and in each capacity stated below, one or more amendments to the annual
report on Form 10-K, which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact acting deems appropriate and to file
any such amendment to the annual report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Scott R. Silverman 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Scott R. Silverman 
 
 (principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Allison Tomek 
 
 President and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Allison Tomek 

/s/ Barry M. Edelstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Barry M. Edelstein 

46 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 to F-44 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of: 

C-Bond Systems, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of C-Bond Systems, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has a net loss and cash used in operations of 5,156,478 and 1,584,918 respectively, in 2022 and a working capital deficit,
shareholders deficit and accumulated deficit of 4,349,384, 7,050,669 and 62,693,184 respectively, at December 31, 2022.
These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s Plan in regard
to these matters is also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on
the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

2295 NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 
Boca Raton, FL 33431 

Phone: (561) 995-8270 Toll Free:
(866) CPA-8500 Fax: (561) 995-1920 

www.salbergco.com info@salbergco.com 

Member National Association of Certified
Valuation Analysts Registered with the PCAOB 

Member CPAConnect with
Affiliated Offices Worldwide Member Center for Public Company Audit Firms 

F- 2 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Salberg Company, P.A. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2017. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

C-BOND
SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Contract assets 

Due from related party 
 -

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset, net 

Intangible asset, net 

Goodwill 

Security deposit 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Notes payable, net of discount 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest payable - related party 
 
 -

Accrued compensation 

Contract liabilities 

Lease liability, current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Convertible notes payable, net of current portion and discount 
 
 -

Note payable, net of current portion and discount 

Note payable - related party 
 
 -

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Total Long-term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 11) 

Series B convertible preferred stock: par value, shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively redemption and liquidation value at December 31, 2022) 

Series C convertible preferred stock: par value, shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively redemption and liquidation value at December 31, 2022) 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Preferred stock: par value, shares authorized; Series B and Series C designated 
 -
 
 -

Common stock: par value, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total C-Bond Systems, Inc. shareholders deficit 

Noncontrolling Interest 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

C-BOND
SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

SALES: 

Third parties 

Related party 
 -

Total Sales 

COST OF SALES (excluding depreciation expense) 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Compensation and related benefits (including stock-based compensation of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively) 

Research and development 
 -

Professional fees 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): 

(Loss) gain on debt extinguishment and inducement expense, net 

Other income 
 -

Interest expense 

Interest expense - related party 
 
 -

Total Other Expenses, net 

NET LOSS 

Net loss (income) of subsidiary attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Preferred stock dividend and deemed dividend 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic and diluted

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

C-BOND
SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional 

Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Shareholders 

# of Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

-

Common shares issued for accounts payable 

-
 
 -

Common shares issued for acquisition 

-
 
 -

Common shares issued for professional fees 

-
 
 -

Common shares issued for compensation 

-
 
 -

Common shares issued for accrued compensation 

-
 
 -

Common shares issued for cashless warrant exercise 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Common shares issued for conversion of Series C preferred stock 

-
 
 -

Common stock issued in connection with convertible debt 

Preferred stock dividends and deemed dividend 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of stock-based compensation 

-
 
 -

Accretion of stock-based professional fees 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Beneficial conversion charge for issuance of Series B preferred shares for accrued compensation recorded as stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Initial noncontrolling in acquired business 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Beneficial conversion feature connection with convertible debt 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of warrants in connection with convertible debt 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued for accounts payable 

-
 
 -

Common stock issued for compensation 

-
 
 -

Common stock issued for professional fees 

-
 
 -

Common stock issued for conversion of Series C preferred stock 

-
 
 -

Common stock issued in connection with debt 

-
 
 -

Common stock issued as inducement to extend note payable 

-
 
 -

Preferred stock dividends and deemed dividend 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Relative fair value of warrants issued in connection with debt 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Beneficial conversion charge for issuance of Series B preferred shares for accrued compensation recorded as stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Beneficial conversion feature on convertible debt 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Beneficial conversion feature buyback related to debt extinguishment 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

C-BOND
SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Amortization of debt discount to interest expense 

Interest expense for put premium on convertible notes 
 
 -

Default penalty included in interest expense 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based professional fees 

Bad debt expense 

Allowance for obsolete inventory 
 -

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

Non-cash loss (gain) on debt extinguishment and inducement expense 

Lease costs 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Contract assets 

Due from related party 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest - related party 
 
 -

Customer deposit 
 -

Accrued compensation 

Contract liabilities 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Cash received from acquisition 
 -

NET CASH PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from note payable - related party 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of series C preferred stock 
 -

Proceeds from note payable 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH, beginning of year 

CASH, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued as prepaid for services 

Common stock issued for accrued compensation 
 -

Series B preferred stock issued for accrued compensation 

Common stock issued for accounts payable 

Preferred stock dividend accrued 

Deemed dividend related to beneficial conversion feature of Series C preferred shares 
 -

Increase in debt discount and paid-in capital for shares issued with convertible debt 
 
 -

Increase in debt discount and paid-in capital for warrants and beneficial conversion features 

Conversion of series C preferred stock to common stock 

Increase in right of use and lease liability 
 
 -

ACQUISITION: 

Assets acquired: 

Cash 
 -

Accounts receivable, net 
 -

Inventory 
 -

Prepaid expenses 
 -

Contract assets 
 -

Property and equipment 
 -

Right of use assets 
 -

Total assets acquired 
 -

Less: liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 
 -

Accrued expenses 
 -

Notes payable 
 -

Customer deposit 
 -

Lease liabilities 
 -

Noncontrolling interest 
 -

Total liabilities assumed 
 -

Net liabilities assumed 
 -

Fair value of shares for acquisition 
 -

Increase in intangible assets - non-cash 
 -

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of Mobile s units, representing of Mobile s issued and outstanding capital stock (the Mobile Shares ).
On July 22, 2021, the Company closed the Exchange Agreement and acquired of the Mobile Shares. The Mobile Shares were exchanged for
 restricted shares of the Company s common stock in an amount equal to , divided by the average of the closing
prices of the Company s common stock during the 30-day period immediately prior to the closing. Two years after closing, the Company
has the option to acquire the remaining of Mobile s issued and outstanding membership interests in exchange for a number of
shares of the Company s common stock equal to of Mobile s average EBIT value, divided by the price of the Company s
common stock as defined in the Exchange Agreement (the Additional Closing ). Mobile provides quality window tint solutions
for auto, home, and business owners across Texas, specializing in automotive window tinting, residential window film, and commercial window
film that stop harmful UV rays from passing through its window films for reduced glare, comfortable temperatures, and lower energy bills.
Mobile also carries products that offer forced-entry protection and films that protect glass from scratches, graffiti, other types of
vandalism, and even bullets, including C-Bond BRS and C-Bond Secure products. As part of the transaction, Mobile s owner-operator,
Mr. Wanke, joined the Company as President of its Patriot Glass Solutions division. 

owned subsidiary, Mobile since acquiring
 of Mobile on July 22, 2021. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net cash used in operations was and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Company had an accumulated deficit, shareholders 
deficit, and working capital deficit of , and , respectively, on December 31, 2022. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance date
of this report. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately achieve profitable operations or become cash flow
positive or raise additional debt and/or equity capital. The Company is seeking to raise capital through additional debt and/or equity
financings to fund its operations in the future. Although the Company has historically raised capital from sales of common shares and
preferred shares, and from the issuance of promissory notes and convertible promissory notes, there is no assurance that it will be able
to continue to do so. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital or secure additional lending in the near future, management
expects that the Company will need to curtail its operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related
to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 8 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

to . Leasehold improvements
are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life or lease term including scheduled renewal terms. Maintenance and repairs are charged
to expense as incurred. When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and
any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition. The Company examines the possibility of decreases in
the value of these assets when events or changes in circumstances reflect the fact that their recorded value may not be recoverable. 

F- 9 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

years. 

and on December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, warranty costs were de minimis. 

F- 10 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in sales. 

and ), respectively, and are included in operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. In April 2021, the Company received a refund of research and development costs of . 

and , respectively and are included in general and administrative
expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. These advertising expenses do not include cooperative advertising
and sales incentives which shall been deducted from sales. 

F- 11 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Warrants 

Series B preferred stock 

Series C preferred stock 

Convertible debt 

Non-vested, forfeitable common shares 

to for property and equipment and
 for property. The Company elected the accounting policy to include both the lease and non-lease components of our agreements
as a single component and account for them as a lease. 

F- 12 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 13 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of Mobile s member units, representing of Mobile s issued and outstanding membership units (the Mobile Member Units ).
On July 22, 2021, the Company closed the Exchange Agreement and acquired of the Mobile Member Units. The Mobile Member Units were
exchanged for restricted shares of the Company s common stock, in an amount equal to , divided by the average of the closing
prices of the Company s common stock during the 30-day period immediately prior to the closing as defined in the Exchange Agreement.
In connection with the Exchange Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock. These shares were valued at ,
or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on July 22, 2021, the measurement date.
Two years after closing, the Company has the option to acquire the remaining of Mobile s issued and outstanding membership interests
in exchange for a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to of Mobile s average EBIT value, divided by
the price of the Company s common stock as defined in the Exchange Agreement (the Additional Closing ). 

of the Mobile Member s Base Salary, as defined in the Executive Employment Agreement dated July 21, 2021, between
the Mobile Member and the Company (the Employment Agreement ), as described below. 

(not including tax), with two five-year options for the tenant
to renew. 

F- 14 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Contract assets 

Property and equipment 

Right of use asset 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired at fair value 

Less: total liabilities assumed: 

Notes payable 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Customer deposit 

Lease liability 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Purchase consideration paid: 

Fair value of common shares issued 

Total purchase consideration paid 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per Share 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

and , respectively. 

F- 15 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Finished goods 

Inventory 

Less: allowance for obsolete or slow-moving inventory 
 -

Inventory, net 

and , respectively, and is included in cost of sales on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

years 

Furniture and office equipment 
 years 

Vehicles 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 
 years 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and record a gain on sale of property and equipment of which is included
in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company sold a vehicle for proceeds of and record a gain on sale of property and equipment of which is included in
general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, depreciation expense is included in general and administrative expenses and amounted to and , respectively. 

years 

Non-compete 
 years 

Trade name 
 -

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

F- 16 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively. On December 31, 2022, accumulated amortization
amounted to and for the customer relations and non-compete, respectively. On December 31, 2021, accumulated amortization
amounted to and for the customer relations and non-compete, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Note in the principal
amount of (the Initial Note and five-year warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s
common stock at an initial exercise price of per share, an amount equal to of the conversion shares that were issued (the Initial
Warrants ). The Company received net proceeds of , which is net of original issue discounts of , placement fees of
 , and legal fees of . The transactions contemplated under the SPA closed on October 18, 2021. 

Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory Note (the Second Note, and together with
the Initial Note, the Notes ), and a five-year warrant (the Second Warrant, and together with the Initial Warrant,
the Warrants to purchase, in the aggregate, shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of
 per share from the Company in an amount equal to of the conversion shares to be issued upon the same terms as the Initial Note
and Initial Warrant (subject to there being no event of default under the Initial Note or other customary closing conditions), within
three trading days of a registration statement registering the shares of the Company s common stock issuable under the Notes (the
 Conversion Shares and upon exercise of the Warrants (the Warrant Shares being declared effective by the
SEC. To date, the Investor did not purchase the Second Note. 

per annum through the date of default, and was initially convertible beginning on the six-month anniversary
of the original issue date into the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment
for stock splits, stock combinations, dilutive issuances, and similar events, as described in the Initial Note. 

of the principal amount plus accrued interest. From day 181 through the day immediately preceding the maturity date, the Initial Note
may be prepaid in an amount equal to of the principal amount plus accrued interest. 

of the outstanding shares
of the Company s common stock immediately after giving effect to such conversion or exercise. A holder may increase or decrease
its beneficial ownership limitation upon notice to the Company provided that in no event such limitation exceeds , and that any increase
shall not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice. 

F- 17 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

. 

shares of its common stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raise. The shares of common
stock issued were recorded as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the
Note. The Initial Warrants were valued at using the relative fair value method and recorded as a debt discount to
be amortized over the life of the note. The original issue discounts of , placement fees of , and legal fees of ,
aggregating , was recorded as a debt discount to be amortized into interest expense over the twelve-month term of the note. Additionally,
the Initial Note was convertible into common shares at an initial conversion price of is which was lower than the fair value of
common shares based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. Since warrants and common
shares were issued with the Initial Note, the proceeds were allocated to the instrument based on relative fair value. The Initial Warrants
did not contain any features requiring liability treatment and therefore were classified as equity. The value allocated to the Initial
Warrants and common shares issued was and , respectively, and was allocated to the beneficial conversion feature.
Since the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature, warrants and common shares was greater than the proceeds allocated to
the convertible instrument, the amount of the discount assigned to the beneficial conversion feature, warrants and common shares issued
was limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated to the convertible instrument. Accordingly, the Company recorded an aggregate non-cash
debt discount of with the credit to additional paid in capital. This debt discount was amortized to interest expense over the
term of the Convertible Note through the date Exchange Agreement discussed below. 

shares of the Company s common stock
at an exercise price of per share (the New Warrant and together with the New Note, the New Securities ),
according to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Agreement. On April 20, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the
Investor surrendered the Prior Securities in exchange for the New Securities. Other than the surrender of the Prior Securities, no consideration
of any kind whatsoever was given by the Investor to the Company in connection with the Exchange Agreement. The terms of the New Securities
are the same as the Prior Securities except for the pricing of the shares issuable under the New Note and the shares issuable upon exercise
of the New Warrant. The New Securities are composed of the New Note, which is a Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Promissory
Note in the principal amount of , and the New Warrant. The New Note matured on , bore interest at a rate of 
per annum through the date of default, and was initially convertible into the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price
of per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock combinations, dilutive issuances, and similar events, as described
in the New Note. If the average Closing Price during any 10 consecutive Trading Day period beginning and ending during the 60 Day Effectiveness
Period (the Average Closing Price is below the Conversion Price than the conversion price will be reduced to such Average
Closing Price but in no event less than . 

, or , to the principal balance
and recorded interest expense of , and interest shall accrue at per annum. 

per share to per share, and to cancel the Initial Warrant to purchase shares of common exercisable at 
per shares, and to issue a New Warrant to purchase shares exercisable at per share. All other terms of the convertible
note and warrants remain unchanged, and therefore did not change the cash flows of the note. The New Warrants did not contain any features
requiring liability treatment and therefore were classified as equity. 

F- 18 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of unamortized
initial debt discount recorded which it wrote off, and the Company recorded a buyback of which represents the reversal of calculated
beneficial conversion feature on the initial debt upon settlement, for an aggregate net loss on debt extinguishment of . The Company
recorded a new debt discount in connection with the New Note which was calculated based on the relative fair value of the New Warrants
of . Additionally, the New Note is convertible into common shares at an initial conversion price of which was lower than
the fair value of common shares based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. The value
allocated to the New Warrants was , and was allocated to the beneficial conversion feature. Since the intrinsic value
of the beneficial conversion feature and warrants was greater than the proceeds allocated to the convertible instrument, the amount of
the discount assigned to the beneficial conversion feature and warrants issued was limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated to
the convertible instrument. Accordingly, the Company recorded an aggregate non-cash debt discount of with the credit to additional
paid in capital. This debt discount was amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the Convertible Note. 

years 
 years 
 
 Volatility 
 to 

Risk free interest rate 
 to 

per share and accordingly, the conversion
price and warrant down-round provisions were triggered. As a result, the conversion price of the New April 2022 Note was reduced to 
per share and the exercise price of the New April 2022 Warrant was lowered to . As a result of the June 23, 2022 down-round provisions,
the Company calculated the difference between the warrants fair value on June 23, 2022, the date the down-round feature was triggered
using the then current exercise price of 0.025 and the new exercise price of . On June 23, 2022, the Company recorded a deemed
dividend of which represents the fair value transferred to the warrant holders from the down round feature being triggered. No
additional beneficial conversion feature amount was recorded based on the June 23, 2022 valuation as the ratcheted beneficial conversion
feature value was lower than the original amount. Additionally, on September 6, 2022, the Company issued common stock equivalents with
an initial conversion price of per share and accordingly, the conversion price and warrant down-round provisions were triggered.
As a result, the conversion price of the New April 2022 Note was reduced to per share and the exercise price of the New April 2022
Warrant was lowered to . As a result of the September 6, 2022 down-round provisions, the Company calculated the difference between
the warrants fair value on September 6, 2022, the date the down-round feature was triggered using the then current exercise price of 
and the new exercise price of . On September 6, 2022, the Company recorded a deemed dividend of which represents the fair value
transferred to the warrant holders from the down round feature being triggered. No additional beneficial conversion feature amount was
recorded based on the September 6, 2022 valuation as the ratcheted beneficial conversion feature value was lower than the original amount. 

F- 19 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and the Company received net proceeds of which was net of fees of . The November
2022 Diagonal Note bears interest at a rate of per annum upon the occurrence of an event of a default) and all outstanding principal
and accrued and unpaid interest are due on May 4, 2024. 

and the Company received net proceeds of 
which was net of fees of . The December 2022 Diagonal Note bears interest at a rate of per annum upon the occurrence of
an event of a default) and all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest are due on June 27, 2024. 

during the first 30 days after issuance, during the 31 st to 60 th day after issuance, and
 during the 61 st to the 180 th day after issuance. The November 2022 and December 2022 Diagonal Notes may not
be prepaid after the 180th day following the issuance date, unless Diagonal agrees to such repayment and such terms. Diagonal may in its
option, at any time beginning 180 days after the date of the Diagonal Notes, convert the outstanding principal and interest on the November
2022 and December 2022 Diagonal Notes into shares of our common stock at a conversion price per share equal to of the average of the
three lowest closing bid prices of our common stock during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. At no time may the November
2022 and December 2022 Diagonal Notes be converted into shares of our common stock if such conversion would result in Diagonal and its
affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. 

with a charge to
interest expense. 

and , respectively, which has been
included in interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

and , respectively, and is included in accrued expenses
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Add: put premium 
 
 -

Less: unamortized debt discount 

Convertible note payable, net 

Less: current portion of convertible note payable 

Convertible note payable long-term 
 
 -

F- 20 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note payable PPP note 

Total notes payable 

Less: unamortized debt discount 
 
 -

Note payable, net 

Less: current portion of notes payable, net of discount 

Notes payable long-term 

(the Maximum Loan Amount against the issuance and
delivery by the Company of the Note for use as working capital and to assist in inventory acquisition. In 2018, the Lender loaned 
to the Company, the Maximum Loan Amount. The Company should have repaid all principal, interest and other amounts outstanding on or before
November 14, 2020. The Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement and the Note are secured by a first-priority security interest
in substantially all the Company s assets (the Collateral ). The outstanding principal advanced to Company pursuant
to the Loan Agreement initially bore interest at the rate of per annum, compounded annually. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
under the Loan Agreement and Note, all amounts then outstanding (including principal and interest) shall bear interest at the rate of
 per annum, compounded annually until the Event of Default is cured. Additionally, at or prior to December 31, 2018, the Company should
have achieved an accounts receivable balance plus inventory equal to the unpaid principal balance of the Note (the Minimum Asset
Amount ). 

has been reflected as a current liability on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets and interest shall accrue at per annum. The Loan Agreement and Note contain customary representations,
warranties, and covenants, including certain restrictions on the Company s ability to incur additional debt or create liens on its
property. The Loan Agreement and the Note also provide for certain events of default, including, among other things, payment defaults,
breaches of representations and warranties, breach of covenants, and bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, the occurrence of which, after
any applicable cure period, would permit Lender, among other things, to accelerate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement
and the Note, as applicable, and to exercise its remedies with respect to the Collateral, including the sale of the Collateral. On December
31, 2022 and 2021, principal amount due under this Note amounted to and is considered to be in default. On December 31, 2022
and 2021, accrued interest payable under this Note amounted to and , respectively, and is included in accrued expenses
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 21 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

with Mercer Street Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (the Investor ). The March 2022 Note was funded on March 14, 2022 and the
Company received net proceeds of which is net of an original issue discount and investor legal fees of . The original
issue discount was recorded as a debt discount to be amortized over the life of the March 2022 note. The March 2022 Note matures months
after issuance and bears interest at a rate of per annum. At any time, the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount
of the March 2022 Note and any accrued and unpaid interest without penalty. The March 2022 Note also creates a lien on and grants a priority
security interest in all the Company s assets. In connection with the March 2022 Note, the Company issued shares of its
common stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raise. The shares of common stock issued were recorded as a debt discount
of based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the March 2022 Note. For the year ended December 31,
2022, amortization of debt discount related to the March 2022 Note amounted to which has been included in interest expense on
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. On December 31, 2022, the principal balance due on the March 2022 Note amounted
to and accrued interest payable amounted to . 

with Mercer Street
Global Opportunity Fund, LLC (the Investor ). The November 2022 Note was funded on November 22, 2022 and the Company received
net proceeds of which is net of investor legal fees of . The legal fees were recorded as a debt discount to be amortized
over the life of the November 2022 note. The November 2022 Note matures on August 22, 2023 and bears interest at a rate of per annum.
At any time, the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of the November 2022 Note and any accrued and unpaid interest
without penalty. The November 2022 Note also creates a lien on and grants a priority security interest in all the Company s assets.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, amortization of debt discount related to the November 2022 Note amounted to which has been
included in interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. On December 31, 2022, the principal balance due
on the November 2022 Note amounted to and accrued interest payable amounted to . 

.
The GS Capital June 2022 Note was purchased for , reflecting an original issuance discount of , and was funded on June
24, 2022 (less legal and other administrative fees). The Company received net proceeds of . The Company further issued GS Capital
a total of commitment shares Commitment Shares as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note (See
Note 9). Additionally, the GS Capital Note is convertible upon an event of default into common shares at an initial effective conversion
price which was lower than the fair value of common shares based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the
measurement date. Principal and interest payments shall be made in 10 installments of each beginning on the 90th-day anniversary
following the issue date and continuing thereafter each 30 days for nine months. The GS Capital Note matures 12 months after issuance
and bears interest at a rate of per annum. 

F- 22 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

. The GS Capital July 2022 Note was purchased for ,
reflecting an original issuance discount of , and was funded on July 28, 2022 (less legal and other administrative fees). The Company
received net proceeds of . The Company further issued GS Capital a total of commitment shares July 2022 Commitment
Shares as additional consideration for the purchase of the July 2022 Note. In addition, the Company issued of its common
stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raise, respectively. The July Commitment Shares and the placement agent shares were
recorded as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the Note. Additionally,
the GS Capital July 2022 Note is convertible upon an event of default into common shares at an initial effective conversion price which
was lower than the fair value of common shares based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
date. Principal and interest payments shall be made in 10 installments of each beginning on the 90th-day anniversary following
the issue date and continuing thereafter each 30 days for nine months. The GS Capital July 2022 Note matures 12 months after issuance
and bears interest at a rate of per annum. GS Capital shall have the right at any time following an Event of Default to convert all
or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest, penalties, and all other amounts under the GS Capital July 2022 Note at
a conversion price of , subject to adjustment as defined in the Note. The Company did not calculate a beneficial conversion feature
since the GS Capital July 2022 Note is contingently convertible upon a default on the July 2022 Note. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
is not in default on this note. On December 15, 2022,
the Company and GS Capital entered into a letter agreement to extend the due date of the GS Capital July 2022 note by 60 days. Specifically,
the maturity date of the GS Capital July 2022 note was extended to September 26, 2023 and the next payment due date was extended to February
28, 2023. Through December 31, 2022, the Company paid of principal balance. On December 31, 2022, the principal balance due on
the GS Capital July 2022 Note amounted to and accrued interest payable amounted to . 

. The September 2022 Note was purchased for ,
reflecting an original issuance discount of , and was funded on September 6, 2022 (less legal and other administrative fees). The
Company received net proceeds of . The Company further issued GS Capital a total of commitment shares September
2022 Commitment Shares as additional consideration for the purchase of the September 2022 Note. In addition, the Company issued
 of its common stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raise, respectively. 

F- 23 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares
of the Company s common stock. These shares were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price
of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In connection with the issuance of these shares, during the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded an inducement expense of which was included in loss on debt extinguishment on the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. 

with a lender. The Promissory Note shall accrue interest at per annum, compounded annually, and all outstanding principal
and accrued interest is due and payable of May 10, 2023. The Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement and the Promissory Note
are secured by a second priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets (the Collateral ).
The Loan Agreement and Promissory Note contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants, including certain restrictions on
the Company s ability to incur additional debt or create liens on its property. The Loan Agreement and the Promissory Note also
provide for certain events of default, including, among other things, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties and
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, the occurrence of which, after any applicable cure period, would permit Lender, among other things,
to accelerate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement and the Promissory Note, as applicable, and to exercise its
remedies with respect to the Collateral. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement and Promissory Note, all
amounts then outstanding (including principal and interest) shall bear interest at the rate of per annum, compounded annually until
the Event of Default is cured. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest payable under this Promissory Note amounted to 
and , respectively, and is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. On December 31, 2022 and
2021, principal amount due under this Promissory Note amounted to . 

. These loans bear interest at rates ranging from
 to and are payable monthly through April 2025. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, notes payable related to these vehicle and equipment
loans amounted to and , respectively. 

and received net proceeds of . The November 2022 Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and all outstanding
principal and accrued and unpaid interest is due on November 8, 2024. At any time, the Company may prepay all or any portion of the principal
amount of the November 2022 Note and any accrued and unpaid interest without penalty. As security for payment of the principal and interest
on the November 2022 Note, the Company and the lender Investor previously entered into that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated
May 10, 2021, which is incorporated into the November 2022 Note. On December 31, 2022, accrued interest payable under this Promissory
Note amounted to , and is included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. On December 31, 2022, principal
amount due under this Promissory Note amounted to . 

and , respectively, which has been included in interest
expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

(the PPP Loan from Comerica Bank. The PPP Loan was obtained pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP of the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ).
The PPP Loan matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum. The PPP Loan is payable in 18 equal monthly payments
of approximately commencing November 1, 2020. The PPP Loan may be prepaid at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties.
The Company may apply to have the loan forgiven pursuant to the terms of the PPP if certain criteria are met. The Company applied for
forgiveness of its PPP Loan, and on November 4, 2021, the Company was notified that the Small Business Administration forgave 
of the principal loan amount and of interest. As of November 4, 2021, the remaining principal balance of the loan was and
the remaining accrued interest balance was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid PPP Loan principal of .
On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal amount due under the PPP Loan amounted to and , respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest payable amounted to and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

Total notes payable on December 31, 2022 

F- 24 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of the Series
B, par value , having such designations, preferences, and rights as determined by the Company s Board of Directors in its sole
discretion, in accordance with the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. The Certificate of Designations
became effective with the State of Colorado upon filing. 

, subject to adjustment as provided in the Certificate of Designations (the Stated
Value ), and a dividend rate of per annum of the Stated Value. 

F- 25 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of accrued compensation owed to its directors and executive officers (collectively, the Management through a Liability Reduction Plan (the Plan ). Under this Plan, Management agreed to accept shares of the Company s
Series B convertible preferred stock in settlement of accrued compensation. On December 21, 2020, the Board of Directors of the
Company agreed to satisfy of accrued compensation owed to its directors and executive officers (collectively, the Management through a Liability Reduction Plan (the Plan ). Under this Plan, Management agreed to accept shares of the Company s
Series B convertible preferred stock in settlement of accrued compensation. 

of accrued compensation owed to its executive officers and former executive officer (collectively,
the Management through a Liability Reduction Plan (the Plan ). Under this Plan, Management agreed to accept
 shares of the Company s Series B convertible preferred stock in settlement of accrued compensation. The conversion feature of
the Series B Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial on the commitment date. Because the Series B Preferred
Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any time from the date of issuance, the Company immediately
recorded non-cash stock-based compensation of related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the issuance of Series
B Preferred Stock. 

of accrued compensation owed to its executive officers (collectively, the Management as of December 31, 2021 and included in accrued compensation on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Management agreed to accept
 shares of the Company s Series B convertible preferred stock in settlement of this accrued compensation. The conversion feature
of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial on the commitment date. Because the Series B Preferred
Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any time from the date of issuance, the Company immediately
recorded non-cash stock-based compensation of related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the issuance of Series
B Preferred Stock. 

Series B Preferred Stock vested on May 1,
2021 and shall vest of May 1, 2023. By mutual agreement between the parties, the vesting date of previously granted Series B Preferred
stock was extended through May 2023. 

and , respectively, which was included in Series B convertible preferred stock on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

, which includes stated value of and accrued dividends payable of . As of December 31, 2021,
the net Series B Preferred Stock balance was , which includes stated value of and accrued dividends payable of .
The net Series B Preferred Stock balance is included on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 26 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of the Series
C, par value , having such designations, preferences, and rights as determined by the Company s Board of Directors in its sole
discretion, in accordance with the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. The Certificate of Designations
became effective with the State of Colorado upon filing. 

, subject to adjustment as provided in the Certificate of Designations (the Stated
Value ), and a dividend rate of per annum of the Stated Value. 

of the sum of the Stated
Value plus accrued and unpaid dividends, for the shares of Series C Preferred Stock being redeemed. 

F- 27 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the outstanding shares of common stock
of the Company. 

shares of the Company s Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for , or per share (the Stated Value ),
which were used to pay off various discounted convertible instruments and redeem Series A preferred stock. During the three months
ended December 31, 2020, the Company entered into subscription agreements with an accredited investor whereby the investor agreed to purchase
an aggregate of purchase shares of the Company s Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for , or per share (the
 Stated Value ), which were used from working capital purposes. 

shares of the Company s Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock for , or per share, the stated value, which was used for working capital purposes. The conversion
feature of the Series C Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial on the commitment date. Because the Series
C Preferred Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any time from the date of issuance, the
Company immediately recorded a non-cash deemed dividend of related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the issuance
of Series C Preferred Stock. This non-cash deemed dividend increased the Company s net loss attributable to common stockholders
and net loss per share. 

shares of the Company s Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock for , or per share, the stated value, which was used for working capital purposes. The conversion
feature of the Series C Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined to be beneficial on the commitment date. Because the Series
C Preferred Stock was perpetual with no stated maturity date, and the conversions could occur any time from the date of issuance, the
Company immediately recorded a non-cash deemed dividend of related to the beneficial conversion feature arising from the issuance
of Series C Preferred Stock. This non-cash deemed dividend increased the Company s net loss attributable to common stockholders
and net loss per share. 

F- 28 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of its common stock upon conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock with a stated value of . 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

and , respectively, which was included in Series C convertible preferred stock on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

, which includes stated value of and accrued dividends payable of . As of December 31, 2021,
the net Series C Preferred Stock balance was , which includes stated liquidation value of and accrued dividends payable
of . The net Series C Preferred Stock balance is included on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

shares of its common stock for business development services rendered. These shares were valued at , or per common share,
based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In connection with the issuance of these
shares, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of . 

shares of its common stock for business development, advisory and consulting services rendered and to be rendered. These shares
were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
date and will be amortized into stock-based consulting fees over the term of the agreement or vesting period ranging from immediately
to one year. In connection with the issuance of these shares, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded
stock-based professional fees of and , respectively. 

shares of its common stock for business development and consulting services rendered and to be rendered. These shares were
valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
date, and will be amortized into stock-based consulting fees over the term of the agreement or vesting period. In connection with the
issuance of these shares, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of . 

shares of its common stock for investor relations services to be rendered. These shares were valued at , or per common
share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In connection with these shares,
during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of . 

F- 29 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares
of its common stock for technology services rendered. These shares were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted
closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In connection with the issuance of these shares, during the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of . 

shares of its common stock for investor relations services to be rendered. These shares were valued at , or per common share,
based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In connection with these shares, during
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of . 

shares of its common stock for business development and consulting services rendered and to be rendered. These shares were valued at ,
or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date, and will be
amortized into stock-based consulting fees over the term of the agreement or vesting period. In connection with the issuance of these
shares, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of and , respectively. 

shares of its common stock for investor relations services to be rendered. These shares were valued at , or per common
share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In connection with these shares,
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of and , respectively. 

shares of its common stock for business development and consulting services rendered and to be rendered. These shares were
valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
date, and will be amortized into stock-based consulting fees over the term of the agreement. In connection with the issuance of these
shares, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of and prepaid expenses of
 which will be amortized into stock-based professional fees over the remaining term of the agreement. 

shares of its common stock for business development and consulting services rendered and to be rendered. These shares were
valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement
date, and will be amortized into stock-based consulting fees over the term of the agreement. In connection with the issuance of these
shares, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of . 

common shares of the Company to a consultant of the Company for business development and consulting services
rendered, which shares were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common
stock on the measurement date, and will be amortized into stock-based consulting fees over the term of the agreement. In connection with
the issuance of these shares, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of . 

common shares of the Company to a consultant of the Company for government relations services to be rendered,
which shares were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock
on the measurement date, and will be amortized into stock-based consulting fees over the term of the agreement. In connection with the
issuance of these shares, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of and prepaid
expenses of as of December 31, 2022, which will be amortized into stock-based professional fees over the remaining term of the
agreement. 

F- 30 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of its common stock for investor relations services to be rendered. These shares were valued at , or per common share,
based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In connection with the issuance of these
shares, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of and prepaid expenses of
 as of December 31, 2022, which will be amortized into stock-based professional fees over the remaining term of the agreement. 

in connection with the amortization of prepaid expenses of related to common
shares previously issued. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based professional fees of in connection
with the amortization to prepaid expenses of and accretion of stock-based professional fees of related to common shares
previously issued. 

shares of its common stock to an individual who agreed to act as the Company s national sales manager for services to be rendered.
These shares were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock
on the measurement date. These shares were to vest on . On May 17, 2021, this individual resigned, and these shares have been
forfeited. 

common shares of the Company to an employee and an officer of the Company for services to be
rendered. which were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock
on the measurement date. These shares were to vest on May 1, 2022. On May 17, 2021, this individual resigned, and these shares have been
forfeited. 

shares of its common stock to employees of Mobile Tint LLC
as a bonus. These shares were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s
common stock on the measurement date. In connection with these shares, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based
compensation of . 

common shares of the Company to an employee for services to be rendered through May 1, 2022 which were valued
at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date.
These shares will vest on May 1, 2022. In connection with these shares, the Company shall record stock-based compensation over the vesting
period. 

vested common shares of the Company to an employee of the Company for services rendered. The awards were valued
at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 

common shares of the Company to an employee of the Company. The shares will vest on May 1, 2023. These shares
were valued on the date of grant at , or per common share based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common
stock on the measurement date. In connection with these shares, the Company shall record stock-based compensation over the vesting period. 

common shares of the Company to a board member of the Company. The shares will vest on May 1, 2023. These shares
were valued on the date of grant at or per common share based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common
stock on the measurement date. In connection with these shares, the Company shall record stock-based compensation over the vesting period. 

F- 31 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively. Total
unrecognized compensation expense related to these unvested common shares on December 31, 2022 amounted to . By mutual agreement
between the parties, the vesting date of previously granted shares was extended through May 2023. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Shares vested 

Non-vested, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Shares vested 

Non-vested, December 31, 2022 

shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms of a Notice of Separation and General Release Agreement. These shares were valued at
 , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In
connection with the issuance of these shares, the Company reduced accrued compensation by and recorded stock-based compensation
of . 

of the Mobile Member Units (see Note 3). The Mobile Member Units were exchanged for restricted shares of the
Company s common stock, in an amount equal to , divided by the average of the closing prices of the Company s common
stock during the 30-day period immediately prior to the closing as defined in the Exchange Agreement. In connection with the Exchange
Agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock. These shares were valued at , or based on the quoted
closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. 

common
shares upon conversion of accounts payable of , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s
common stock on the measurement date. 

shares of its common stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raise. The shares of common
stock issued were recorded as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the
Note (See Note 8). 

shares of its common stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raise. The shares of common stock issued
were recorded as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the Note (See Note
9). 

shares of its common stock as a commitment fee. The shares of common stock issued were recorded
as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the Note (See Note 9). 

F- 32 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of its common stock as a commitment fee and the Company issued shares of
its common stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raises. The aggregate of shares of common stock issued were recorded
as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the July 2022 Note (See Note 9). 

shares of its common stock as a commitment fee and the Company issued 
shares of its common stock to the placement agent as fee for the capital raises. The aggregate of shares of common stock issued
were recorded as a debt discount of based on the relative fair value method to be amortized over the life of the September 2022
Note (See Note 9). 

shares of the Company s
common stock. These shares were valued at , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s
common stock on the measurement date. In connection with the issuance of these shares, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded an expense of which was included in loss on debt extinguishment on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

common shares upon conversion of accounts payable of , or per common share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s
common stock on the measurement date. 

shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of warrants. The exercise price was based on contractual
terms of the related warrant. 

. 

-
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

-
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

-

F- 33 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of its common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of warrants. The exercise price was based on contractual
terms of the related warrant. 

shares of the Company s common stock (the Initial Warrants ). The Initial Warrants were exercisable at any time on
or after the date of the issuance and entitled this investor to purchase shares of the Company s common stock for a period of five
years from the initial date the Initial Warrants become exercisable. Under the terms of the Initial Warrants, the holder was entitled
to exercise the Initial Warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price
of , subject to adjustment as detailed in the Warrants. In connection with the issuance of these warrants, on the initial measurement
date, the relative fair value of the Initial Warrants of was recorded as a debt discount and an increase in paid-in capital (See
Note 7). On April 20, 2022, in connection with an Exchange Agreement, the Initial Warrants were cancelled and a new warrant
to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of , subject to adjustment
as detailed in the Warrants was issued (See Note 7). 

Granted 

-
 
 -

Cancelled 

-
 
 -

Balance Outstanding December 31, 2021 

-

Granted 

-
 
 -

Cancelled 

-
 
 -

Balance Outstanding December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

-

F- 34 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the voting power of all classes of the Company s outstanding stock as of the grant date the term must not exceed five years and the exercise price must equal at least of the fair market value on the grant date. stock appreciation rights, or SARs, which allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in the fair market value of the Company s common stock between the date of grant and the exercise date. The amount payable under the stock appreciation right may be paid in cash or with shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination thereof, as determined by the Administrator. 

shares of our Common Stock may be issued without any minimum vesting period. 

All shares underlying grants are expected to be issued from the Company s unissued
authorized shares available. 

F- 35 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and decreasing the Company s bad debt expense for the same period by . There was no effect on
Company s reported net loss for Fiscal 2020 or on the financial condition of the Company on December 31, 2020. The Company received
a subpoena from the SEC on April 25, 2022, requesting all documents and communications concerning the review of C-Bond s revenue
recognition practices for fiscal year 2020. The Company has provided the requested information and its Chief Executive Officer provided
his testimony regarding this Formal Order in October 2022. 

in Harris County, TX, and the Company filed its response in August 2021. There
has been no further communication from the Court, and the Company believes the case has been dismissed but has not received any formal notice of such. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against the claim made and believes
it will prevail. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued compensation of to this former employee, which is included
in accrued compensation on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

in connection with
the April 25, 2018 financing triggered the right of the employee to receive the deferred salary and the bonus provision disclosed above. 

F- 36 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of base salary and any unreimbursed expenses incurred by him. All amounts shall be paid on the termination date. In
the event that Mr. Silverman s employment is terminated by the Company for cause (as defined in his employment agreement),
or if Mr. Silverman resigned without good reasons (as defined in his employment agreement), subject to a complete release
of claims, he will be entitled to receive any unpaid base salary and benefits then owed or accrued and any unreimbursed expenses incurred
by him. Additionally, if a change of control (as defined in his employment agreement) occurs during the term of this agreement, all unvested
stock options will vest in full and if the valuation of the Company in the change of control transaction is greater than per common
share, then Mr. Silverman shall be paid a bonus equal to two times his minimum base salary and minimum target bonus. Pursuant to the employment
agreement, Mr. Silverman will be subject to a confidentiality covenant, a two-year post-termination non-competition covenant and a two-year
post-termination non-solicitation covenant. On June 30, 2020, the Company amended the employment agreement of Mr. Silverman to provide
for successive one-year extensions until either the executive or the Board of Directors of the Company gives notice to terminate the employment
agreement per its terms. This employment agreement amendment also includes an allowance of up to per year to cover uncovered medical/dental
expenses for Mr. Silverman and his family. 

which deferred and recorded
as accrued compensation on the bonus approval date. 

per year, which may be increased from time to time
with the approval of the board of directors. In addition, Mr. Wanke may receive an annual bonus as determined by the board of directors.
It is understood that although Mr. Wanke s base salary will be paid by Mobile, 50 of the base salary will be allocated to the expenses
of Mobile, and the other of the base salary will be allocated to the expenses of the Company. The term of this Agreement (the Initial
Term shall begin as of July 21, 2021 (the Effective Date and shall end on the earlier of (i) the third anniversary
of the Effective Date and (ii) the time of the termination of the Executive s employment in accordance with the Employment Agreement.
This Initial Term and any Renewal Term (as defined below) shall automatically be extended for one or more additional terms of one (1)
year each (each a Renewal Term and together with the Initial Term, the Term ), unless either the Company or
Executive provide notice to the other Party of their desire to not so renew the Initial Term or Renewal Term (as applicable) at least
thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the then-current Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. All unvested shares of stock
and stock options shall expire upon such termination, if any. The Executive shall be eligible for an annual bonus payment in an amount
to be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Bonus ). The Bonus shall be determined and payable based on
the achievement of certain performance objectives of the Company as established by the Board and communicated to and agreed to by the
Executive in writing as soon as practicable after commencement of the year in respect of which the Bonus is paid. The Bonus, if earned,
is payable in cash and/or restricted stock at the discretion of the Board. It is understood between the Parties that the target bonus
for each year shall be up to of the Base Salary. 

which is equal to of their annual compensation.
 
On January 6, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company agreed to satisfy of the bonus owed to its executive officers (collectively,
the Management ). Management agreed to accept shares of the Company s Series B convertible preferred stock in settlement
of this accrued compensation. 

. On January 17, 2023, the Board of Directors
of the Company agreed to satisfy 144,000 of the bonus owed to its executive officers (collectively, the Management ). Management
agreed to accept 144 shares of the Company s Series B convertible preferred stock in settlement of this accrued compensation (See
Note 18). 

F- 37 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and royalty payments of of net sales of the licensed products during the term of the agreement and a sell-off
period of 180 days from termination, In addition, the Company is required to pay for the maintenance of the patents, This agreement will
continue until the expiration of the last to expire of the licensed property rights, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the
terms of the agreement. There have been no royalty payments paid or due through December 31, 2022. 

common shares. To the extent that during the term of the agreement
C-Bond Systems, LLC issues any down-round or subsequent investments based upon an enterprise value of less than Dilutive Transaction (other than an issuance pursuant to an option agreement with an employee or otherwise to compensate
an employee, or incident to an acquisition of assets by C-Bond Systems, LLC in which common units were issued to the seller of such assets)
contemporaneously with the Dilutive Transaction, the contract obligated C-Bond Systems, LLC to issue the investor additional common units
in C-Bond Systems, LLC in an amount which would provide them with the ownership percentage interest which they would have held in C-Bond
Systems, LLC represented by the common units purchased by them on this date. 

common shares to an entity at per common share. This agreement entitled the subscriber to anti-dilution
protection to the extent that C-Bond Systems, LLC issued any equity in a down-round based upon a value of less than 
per common unit of C-Bond Systems, LLC (other than an issuance pursuant to an option agreement with an employee or consultant or otherwise
to compensate an employee or consultant, or incident to an acquisition of assets by C-Bond Systems, LLC in which common units are issued
to the seller of such assets Dilutive Transaction )). Contemporaneously with the Dilutive Transaction, the contract obligated
C-Bond Systems, LLC to issue the Subscriber additional common units in C-Bond Systems, LLC in an amount which would provide the investor
with the ownership percentage interest in C-Bond Systems, LLC on a fully diluted basis which Subscriber held immediately prior to the
Dilutive Transaction. 

common shares to an entity at per common share. This agreement entitled this investor to customary
broad-based weighted average anti-dilution protection to the extent that after the date of this subscription agreement C-Bond Systems,
LLC issued any equity in a down round based upon a value of less than per common share, including the issuance of
options with an exercise price per share of less than to compensate employees or consultants Dilutive Transaction ),
subject to exclusions for issuances of common shares or options in connection with strategic partnerships, equity kickers to lenders or
vendors, mergers or acquisitions. The agreement obligated C-Bond Systems, LLC to give to this investor written notice (an Issuance
Notice of any proposed issuance by C-Bond Systems, LLC of any C-Bond Systems, LLC common units, or other form of equity interest
(excluding issuances of C-Bond Systems, LLC options or other equity to compensate employees or consultants and the issuance of shares
in connection with strategic partnerships, equity kickers to lenders or vendors, mergers or acquisitions) at least ten business days prior
to the proposed issuance date. This contract entitled the investor to purchase their pro rata portion of such shares or other equity interest
of C-Bond Systems, LLC at the price and on the other terms and conditions specified in the issuance notice. 

. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts through December 31, 2022. 

F- 38 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

of total sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, customers accounted for approximately of total
sales , , and , respectively). On December 31, 2022, customers accounted for , and , respectively)
of the total accounts receivable balance. On December 31, 2021, customer accounted for of the total accounts receivable balance. 

suppliers. The loss of these suppliers may have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated
results of operations and financial condition. However, the Company believes that, if necessary, alternate vendors could supply similar
products in adequate quantities to avoid material disruptions to operations. 

reportable business segments - (1)
the manufacture and sale of a windshield strengthening water repellent solution as well as a disinfection product, and the sale of multi-purpose
glass strengthening primer and window film mounting solutions, including ballistic-resistant film systems and a forced entry system (the
 C-Bond Segment ), and (2) the distribution and installation of window film solutions (the Mobile Tint Segment ).
The Company s reportable segments were strategic business units that offered different products. They were managed separately based
on the fundamental differences in their operations and locations. 

Mobile Tint 

Depreciation and amortization: 

C-Bond 

Mobile Tint 

Interest expense: 

C-Bond 

Mobile Tint 

Other (a) 

Net (loss): 

C-Bond 

Mobile Tint 

Other (a) 

Mobile Tint 

F- 39 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

C-Bond Nanoshield solution sales 

Disinfection products 

C-Bond installation and other services 
 -

Window tint installation and sales recognized over time 

Freight and delivery 

Total 

F- 40 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

and from December 1, 2020 to May 31, 2021,
monthly rent shall be per month. , the Company entered into an amendment to the lease
which extended the lease for one year until May 31, 2022 at a monthly base rent of . On May 4, 2022 and effective June 1, 2022,
the Company entered into an amendment to the lease which extended the lease for three years until May 31, 2025 at a monthly base rent
as follows: 

June 1, 2023 May 31, 2024 

June 1, 2024 May 31, 2025 

months, at a minimum monthly rent of (not including tax), with two five-year options for the tenant
to renew. The Company s obligation as Guarantor of the Lease will terminate upon the occurrence of earlier of the following: (i)
the date of Guarantor s acquisition of of the ownership interests of Mobile; (ii) the date that Guarantor beneficially owns
less than an eighty percent ownership interest in Mobile; or (iii) two (2) years from and after the effective date of the guaranty. 

The monthly
base rent is per month. 

The monthly base rent is 
per month. 

and respectively, which is expensed
during the year and included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

and which
was based on the Company s estimated average incremental borrowing rate. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Balance of ROU assets 

Less: current portion of lease liabilities 

Lease liabilities long-term 

F- 41 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total minimum non-cancelable operating lease payments 

Less: discount to fair value 

Total lease liability on December 31, 2022 

to a company partially owned by officers of the Company. The advance is non-interest bearing, payable on demand, and as of December 31,
2021 is reflected as due from related party on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In June 2022, this advance was deemed uncollectible
and the balance was written off to bad debt expense. 

to a company partially owned by officers of the Company. 

with the Company s chief executive officer. The May 2022
Note was funded in May 2022 and the Company received net proceeds of . The May 2022 Note bears interest at a rate of per annum
and all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest is due on . At any time, the Company may prepay all or any portion
of the principal amount of the May 2022 Note and any accrued and unpaid interest without penalty. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
interest expense related party amounted to . On December 31, 2022, principal amount due and accrued interest payable -
related party amounted to and , respectively. 

() 
 
 Non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income tax 

- 

- 

F- 42 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

on December 31, 2022. The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the net deferred income tax asset as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 because it was not known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance increased by . Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating
loss carryforward to offset future taxable income is subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that may occur in
the future. The potential tax benefit arising from the loss carryforward may be carried forward indefinitely subject to usage limitations. 

of accrued compensation owed to its executive officers (collectively, the Management which, as of December 31, 2022 was included in accrued compensation on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Management agreed
to accept shares of the Company s Series B convertible preferred stock in settlement of this accrued compensation. The conversion
feature of the Series B Preferred Stock at the time of issuance was determined not to be beneficial on the commitment date and accordingly,
no stock-based compensation or gain or loss was recorded. 

shares (the Subscription Shares of the Company s common stock for ,
or per share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date (the Consideration ).
The Consideration consisted of a cash payment of the conversion of of accrued compensation owed to Mr. Silverman. 

of accrued compensation into shares of unregistered common
stock of the Company. The shares were valued at , or , based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock
on the measurement date. 

shares of its common stock for investor relations services to be rendered. These shares were valued at , or per common share,
based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. In connection with these shares, the Company
recorded stock-based professional fees of over the term of the agreement. 

F- 43 

C-BOND SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

shares its common stock upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred with a stated redemption value of . The conversion
price was based on contractual terms of the related Series C preferred shares. 

and the Company received net proceeds of 
which was net of fees of . The March 2023 Diagonal Note bears interest at a rate of per annum upon the occurrence of an
event of a default) and all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest are due on March 17, 2024. 

The March 2023 Diagonal Note may not be prepaid after the 180th day following the issuance
date, unless Diagonal agrees to such repayment and such terms. Diagonal may in its option, at any time beginning 180 days after the date
of the Diagonal Note, convert the outstanding principal and interest on the March 2023 Diagonal Note into shares of our common stock at
a conversion price per share equal to of the average of the three lowest closing bid prices of our common stock during the 10 trading
days prior to the date of conversion. At no time may the March 2023 Diagonal Note be converted into shares of our common stock if such
conversion would result in Diagonal and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of of the then outstanding shares of our
common stock. 

with a charge to interest expense. 

F-44 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_cbondsystems.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

C-Bond Systems, Inc. 

List of Subsidiaries 

Company Name 
 
 State of Incorporation 
 
 C-Bond Systems, LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Mobile Tint, LLC (80 owned) 
 
 Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_cbondsystems.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 filed on January 9, 2020 (File No. 333-235868) and September 25, 2018 (File No. 333-227522),
of our report dated March 31, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of C-Bond Systems, Inc. as of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of C-Bond Systems, Inc. for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

/s/ Salberg Company, P.A. 

SALBERG COMPANY, P.A. 

 Boca Raton, Florida 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_cbondsystems.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certifications 

I, Scott R. Silverman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of C-Bond Systems, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Scott R. Silverman 

Scott R. Silverman 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_cbondsystems.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certifications 

I, Scott. R. Silverman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of C-Bond Systems, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Scott R. Silverman 

Scott Silverman 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_cbondsystems.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of C-Bond Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, I, Scott R. Silverman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company,
certify to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Scott R. Silverman 

Scott R. Silverman 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_cbondsystems.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of C-Bond Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, I, Scott R. Silverman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my
knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Scott R. Silverman 

Scott R. Silverman 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cbnt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cbnt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cbnt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cbnt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cbnt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

